 Ordered this product , in February 2012 . Just now opened the box and found that they shipped me other than the Colonial White color ordered.Lesson learned
 we received this item and when my husband put in on to the car seat the buckles that you need to attach it to the back of the seat are very , very weak . We did not want to go to all the trouble of mailing it back to the manufacture , too much of a hassel for us , so we went ahead and replaced the buckles with the ones that came with the old life jackets . Luckly we had some old life jackets that the kids had outgrown and we used those buckles to replace the broken ones that are attacked to the cooling seat cusion . If they replace the buckles with a stonger buckle this would be a very good seat and I would rate it as a 5 star , not the 2 star that we originally gave it . So to you , the manufacture , replace your buckles with the same type that are on life jackets and maybe you would have to pay a little bit more to manufacture the seat but all in all it would be a better product . If you want to pay me for this suggestion I would be more the happy to get this money . Thanking you in advance , Salvatore & Rose
 This is the second one I have purchased , the first one lasted about a year and the motor died . They do what they say by supplying a slight `` breeze '' under your bottom and lower back.The straps are cheap and not sewn in very well . The motor is somewhat noisy , if you have a quiet car you WILL notice it . I drive a diesel truck and it 's not too bad.This 2nd one I have does not seem to work as well as the other one and does not have the auto shut off . ??? For the price it 's worth it so you do n't get sweaty driving long distances with leather seats .
 bought one of these a year ago . lets just say I havent bothered to put it back in for this summer . why ? well it just doesnt work that well . when I first fired it up , it seemed pretty good . I was pleased . not overwhelmed , but pleased . however , after a short time , it just didnt seem to do much - especially in the portion that is supposed to cool your back . it was so-so under the legs but disappointing for my sweaty back -LRB- I am 5 ' 7 '' 155 so not the obese/sweaty variety -RRB- . I guess that maybe sitting on it compresses the air channels that carry it to the back area ? that must explain it - after a while , it just wasnt worth hearing the EXTRA LOUD FAN and lowering my mpg by using power -LRB- mostly the noise -RRB- . too bad , I think it would be worth it otherwise but as it stands , I can not recommend it .
 I bought this in late July , it really only worked on the lower seat portion , the back , not so much.Last week it made an awful noise and seized -LRB- early October -RRB- So I got less than 3 months use on a mediocre product that only delivered half of what it should have.It was a fun toy , but in the end , not worth about a dollar a day for its use ... I would recommend that you try something else rather than purchase this thing ...
 I 'm still amazed that so many people fall for these `` in tank '' cleaners . They DO NOT work ! You might as well take your $ 5 - $ 12 and throw it out the car window as you drive past your parts store . Master mechanics -LRB- I am a car guy -RRB- will tell you straight ... `` in tank cleaners do n't really work . '' If they do ... it will only be `` very temporary at best . `` The instructions always tell you to fill the tank up and add the cleaner ; however , the fact is the cleaning agent is so weak that it would n't `` clean '' anything with more than two gallons of gas in the tank ! The reason they tell you to overfill your tank is because of the increased heat that the engine builds up when using this crap.I have -LRB- in the past -RRB- used many different brands of these cleaners in several different cars . ONE car increased in gas mileage for a grand total of three weeks ! Stop wasting your money folks . Use a spray can injector cleaner as they really do work . But no `` in tank '' cleaner works -- period !
 Picked up 2 bottles of this for my wife 's Explorer which had a Rough Idle & she just filled up with Ethanol Regular . . . Did n't do a dang thing ... Auto Zone claims I got a dollar off at 5.99 but if I look at the price above I got shellacked . Like the other reviewer says you can get 2 qts of TECHRON at Costco for 5.99 for fuel Injector cleaner . Thought I heard a Valve not seating right in my wife 's engine . This did n't do anything to quiet that either .
 Let 's start off by examining the product claims made by the manufacturer , since some people seem to think that those of us who are n't fans of this product are at fault for expecting it to live up to those claims : * Cleans and lubricates the fuel system * Cleans and lubricates the carburetor and injectorsThese are the words of Lucas Oil Products -LRB- on lucasoil.com -RRB- , not me . So , if you want to lambaste me -LRB- or us -RRB- for expecting this product to clean our fuel systems , you will have to first explain why we should not expect it to , given that the manufacturer says it will.Sea Foam Motor Treatment is claimed by the manufacturer -LRB- on seafoamsales.com -RRB- to : * Cleans internal fuel system components * Clean carburetors , fuel injectorsDo you see the -LRB- claimed -RRB- overlap between the Lucas and Sea Foam products?I bought a couple 5.25-ounce bottles of this stuff for my car , which had a very rough idle . Certain that all the positive reviews could n't be wrong , I also bought a gallon of it at my local auto parts store -LRB- fortunately , I got a steep discount -RRB- . I put one bottle through the fuel system . No improvement . Then another bottle . Still nothing . No noticeable improvement whatsoever.Eventually , I tried Sea Foam Motor Treatment , and with one bottle of that , got the results I was after . No , I did n't mix the products.As far as I am concerned , this product is positively useless for cleaning the fuel system . < -- And is `` cleaning the fuel system '' a stated product claim ? Yes it is , thanks for asking !
 Cheap price . Cheap product . Install was a chore but not terrible . Within in weeks the glass was broken . Do not buy this product . Spend a little more and get better quality .
 This is 1 item I returned . I was not happy with the quality of this product at all . It was very light weight and thin and did not lay nice on floor . Would not recommend for anyone to purchase this . I had purchased it for my son 's bedroom but was not happy with it at all .
 I did not like mirror after replacing , it shook bad while driving down interstate and moving slowly on my street would not recommend .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 The order arrived in a huge box , with only two pieces of rear window deflectors.Dissapointing . Had it been mentioned that it is only for rear window , i would ordered accordingly . I expected it to be a set of our , two for front and two for rear windows .
 The mirror moves and does not stay in place . Big waste of money and time , go buy the original part .
 I got this part for my '97 Tahoe . It says it is for this vehicle . I double checked that just now . It arrived with the packaging intact but the wires were broken . It looks like someone dropped something sharp on the wires because all 3 of them have a large ding in the insulation that goes all the way to the wire itself . However , even the plastic bag the part is in is not damaged , so the damage had to be before it was put in the plastic bag . Since there was some undamaged wire left on the connector , I cut the bad part off and spliced it in with the shorter wires . They I went to plug it into the crank sensor and it would not plug in . The connector LOOKS the same , but upon closer scrutiny I found that the key is on the wrong side ! This is NOT for my car , or it is manufactured wrong . I WENT THROUGH ALL THIS WORK FOR NOTHING ! Now I had to cut the wires on my car 's wiring harness even shorter to put the old connector back on and once I get a good connector I will have to cut them yet again !
 i wish it was the right product i had to return to Getty money back i was not satisfied with my product
 The shocks came , they were rusted and old . They sat unlevel and still do . I had to use them immediately so I was screwed .
 i tried these as a replacement for my stock struts on my mustang . everyone i knew said they were awesome . . waist of money . lasted maybe 9k-10k then my car was riding like a boat . you get what you pay for . go with the kyb
 I received the item in the time allotted for shipping . The problem is that there is a hole in the muffler located at the inlet end on the facing plate . The welds do not look very good either - I have seen better welds performed by hand . You would expect a product like this to be manufactured much better than this ! Returning it would cost me more money , if they were serious about the quality - they would guarantee the product return shipping cost in case of defects . I have not installed the item yet so I am not sure on the fit . I wish I could give it a better review but I ca n't . I would like to upload pictures but it only has a video review tab . And as others have said the stickers are stuck on the muffler like a 3 year old went loose with the sticker roll .
 It took longer to receive this item than it to fall apart . Mirror fell off as i was driving to work .
 I was ready to LOVE this - looked so much cuter than the Mickey Mouse I had before -LRB- these things really do help you find your car in a parking lot -RRB- . I was disappointed 'cause when she arrived , first - she had no headband at all ! Oh well , still cute w/the pink hair . Second , the cute pink hair was white -LRB- I 'm sure from the sun -RRB- within TWO MONTHS !!! Not cute OR helpful any more !!
 I 'd have given it a smaller star if possible - this ball is so small it 's really tough to even see on the car . Bought a different one last year and it was much larger - made picking out the car in a lot easy .
 I had to return this item . I typed in what type of vehicle the seat covers were for and this item came up . It did not fit and in fact it was for a different type of seat all together . It was a Christmas present and that made the situation even worse .
 The Tri-Flow Superior Lubricant may be `` superior '' but the product arrived broken so I had no way of testing it
 I bought it for my bike sometimes it has strange noise in chain and other parts , but when u use it . it does n't stop sound of noise : \
 This mirror was Prime-eligible - but otherwise I was n't impressed :1 . The manual remote -LRB- joystick -RRB- is inadequate - pretty much useless . Do not adjust the mirror while driving .2 . The mirror smudges easily . -LRB- And to adjust it properly , you 'll need to touch the mirror glass . -RRB- In order to install it , you will need a 2 mm hex key , a Philips head screwdriver , a 1/4 '' drive socket wrench , and a 4 mm socket . -LRB- I needed all these tools , plus a 10 mm deep socket , to remove the old mirror from my 1992 SL2 sedan . -RRB- See -LSB- ... -RSB- for additional installation info .
 I have used Russell Speed bleeders on several cars . They are an okay compromise if you must bleed brakes yourself and / or do n't have a pressurized / vacuum bleeding tool and / or need the convenience for frequent track-side bleeds as I do . The internal check valve does work as promised but several of mine have leaked after many bleeding cycles , so I consider this an eventual wear item . The main reason for my single star rating is that they are more fragile than stock bleeders . There are no directions so during a recent install I torqued them to the factory original specs per my service manual , only to have one snap off , thus ruining my caliper and causing a very expensive repair . Another negative is that the seat angles are not identical to stock , so once installed they gall the seat in such a way that you may not be able to reinstall a stock bleed screw without leaking . In the end I 'm no longer using them on current or future cars .
 I liked these at first , installed 3 without any problems.The fourth kept blowing out brake fluid and I kept tightening.Returned item and purchased another pair.the next one worked fine UNTIL the next day when I applied my brakes and the pedal went to the floor.Yes , brake fluid all over the place , removed the speed bleeder went back to the safer original bleeder.Did not want this to happen while traveling at high speed and needing to depend on my brakes to stop ...
 I purchased these a while back with the hopes that it would fit my Jetta . The tail lights in the Jetta last about a year on average , which is typical of German cars and their substandard electrical systems . I wanted a big pack of lights since they are cheap and easy to replace and I did not want to blow $ 5 for 2 lights at my local auto parts stores . Unfortunately , these Wagner lights do not fit . The two little metal things that stick out from the bottom that line up with the tail light receptacle are too big . 2 of 3 items I ordered on Amazon did not fit my 2009 Jetta or my 2000 Subaru Impreza wagon . I hope the headlights fit ... Not . . holding ... my ... breath ... Fail to Amazon.The 2 stars I am giving is for Amazon . Ideally , there would be a nice picture of the actual product . It has an orange glaze on the bulb . Product came quickly and was a good price . I ca n't test the product so I am not sure how the actual product works and if it outlasts VW bulbs , which are crapulent .
 I 'm not happy with this socket organizer at all . Broke 2 pegs putting sockets on and 3 pegs taking the sockets off within the first day . The socket pegs are attached to the board with small 4mm -LRB- if that -RRB- plastic pegs and I could tell right away I had to be careful with this thing . When I went to put my first socket on , it was not easy , they did n't just pop on , it required a little more force than I thought it would . If the pegs were permanently attached to the board then it would probably be a lot better . This organizer will be totally worthless by the end of the week , pretty much there already .
 I 'd read the negative reviews on this unit but I found one on sale at a very cheap price on a different website . I have some excess sockets that are just rolling around loose in my toolbox so I figured I would not be losing too much money if it turned out very defective.Cons ; The one major flaw is the fact that the grippers break off far too easily . I broke one off just by moving it from the house to the garage . The grippers are attached to the board by a low quality plastic pin . They drilled holes in the board then inserted the grippers . If the grippers were all metal or if they used a higher quality plastic pin , this board would be one heck of a good board.The board does not have all the sizes that you 'd think . It looks as if it could hold every possible size but to be bluntly honest I still have extra loose sockets in my toolbox . 5/8 is one of the sizes it does not have.Pro ; I REALLY LIKE how you can actually see the sizes of the sockets on this board . The board is black the lettering is white . This was a great idea.I also like how strong the board is . Yes it 's plastic but it 's a high grade tough plastic . I would bet that I could put it between two concrete blocks and the average person could stand on it and it would not break . I did not try that but I 'd like to just to see if I am right . I am too old , and too overweight to do it.Conclusion ; The cheap grippers make this board a bad purchase for most people . The board itself was a great idea and I like it but if it ca n't hold sockets due to the grippers breaking then it will soon be useless . That being said I AM KEEPING MINE . I 'm not returning it , I will use it to hold my excess sockets and that will make my toolbox much lighter . In the meantime I might just figure out something on my own that will make this organizer work . It 's too bad a great idea was killed by low quality parts .
 I had to send them back when removing a socket from the holder most of the holders broke off.To me it 's a wast of money
 Socket retaining tabs were broken out of box , and pulling sockets off tabs broke them off backing board as I was setting it up . Threw it right in trash .
 One of the pair leaked , probably a faulty valve . I notified the company and they sent me a replacement.I would stick with SpeedBleeders brand in the future .
 the only problem I had was that acdelco had come out with a new version of the filter , I ended giving these to a friend as the new filters eliminated a problem with check engine lights on my 2007 chevy diesel
 Do n't order from these guys , they might be cheep but service is s ** y. My air filter box was opened and my fuel filter was an old out dated white filter when it should be a new blue filter
 Great to see some people like this stuff but sadly it is junk . I was in the Auto Body repair/restoration business for the better part of 20 years and used this stuff several times and it failed every time . It is just about impossible to get any sort of paint to really stick to POR15 even when you use the other product they recommend to make it stick.Example from my 20 years of Collision Repair
 Keep in mind that although the pictures show the front row , you only get back row floor mats . . like the title says . I was in a hurry and was n't paying attention so do n't make the same mistake I did .
 if they gave it to me for free , I will not use it . It 's thin , smelly , and makes your skin itchy . returned for a refund the very next day
 Poor torque and charging power ... returned the unit the first week . Bought the Sears Craftsmen Unit ... more money , but far superior .
 This item does not work in a 2004 Ford Focus , the size is diferent , the material is a crapy material , it broke when at the first start of the car.Conslusion
 These seem to work when new but after a year or so they seem to run the battery down all by their self . Internal losses seem to go up as they age . I replaced one a couple of years ago because it was running the battery down in a Miata . Now the one I replaced it with is doing the same thing . It will drain a new battery in 3 weeks . I would not recommend one for any vehicle that is not driven every day . Too bad as it is a great idea .
 I purchased a Priority start in May 2008 . The first unit I received wasdefective . -LRB- The unit arrived with the circuit open , red LED on , and would n't close the circuit after I installed it . -RRB- I returned it and received a working unit.Although this unit works , it has a flaw . Last November -LRB- 2009 -RRB- there was such a build up of black crud on the priority start terminal that the car would n'tstart . I cleaned the crud off using a wire brush battery terminal cleaner.Now it 's January 30 , 2010 and I have the same problem . I 'm not going to enjoycleaning off the battery terminal in 14 degree weather.If anyone has any ideas as to how to stop the crud formation please let me know .
 My 2000 Miata has a short somewhere in the electrical system . This drains my new battery fairy quickly . I was hoping Priority Start would let me get through the winter so I could find the problem during warmer weather . The unit did not work . It allowed my battery to drain completely.I am sure I installed it correctly , following manufacturers instructions carefully .
 I ordered 2 Priority Start units . I put one on my Porsche that I store during the winter here in the mountains of Colorado . I expected it to start in the spring when I was ready to drive it again but it was totally dead . I had to jump it and I think that `` fried '' the unit . There were no warnings about that in the instructions . I 'm disappointed . The other one is on my Land Rover that I drive year round . If I do n't drive it for a few days , the clock or something activates it , and operates as described but I have to reset the radio code every time it disconnects the battery . I would n't count on it for any extended storage .
 Great price but the internal well design is terrible and nothing like OEM . The fuel gauge now bounces around -LRB- albiet slowly -RRB- . Whenever you come to a stop , accelerate or make a hard turn the gauge will move . The fuel gauge does repeatably settle where it is supposed to be and seems reapeatable . Anyhow , had I known I would have this problem I would not have bought it . I am certain the problem is due to the tank !!! I am keeping in none the less as I do not want to go through all the hassle again .
 I like the flydanna . Just put it on and tie it at the base of the skull . The colors are great until the first wash . It faded at least 50 % and I did not use bleach . Plan on sending it back .
 Seams coming apart after two washings !! I bought two and one has unequal top panels that are sewn together to make a lop sided top . Look elsewhere .
 We just ordered one and got it today . Super thin cheap material - not using good bandannas to make these from , crooked sewing , raw edges of the material left to fray , some of the seams are just a knotted mess of thread where the machine messed up and they just left it , material panels are even and the gathers at the back of the head are different sizes as well .
 One washing and it almost disintegrated . Colors also faded - it aged one year after one washing . Enuff said - stay away .
 Horrible Description ... Seeing how the poster of this item left out important facts , Im now stuck with this seat cover that is shaggier then a long hair dog ... Its like one of those stupid halloween black costume wigs ... How can this prevent dog hair , It collects even more dog hair then my uncovered seat ... If you cant do anything correctly then dont do it at all !
 The product came well boxed on the packing . The Product in the Box was not in good shape . Product Box was broken and the Product was Dusty like parts sitting on a Dusty Shelf.Product still worked on all aspects , but this was not the AutoLoc 18 Function Keyless with `` Birt '' . There was nothing about the `` Birt '' Feature on the Product Box or the papers in the Product Box.The Product still works , but dissapointed that does not have `` Birt Feature '' . ThanksBernard
 I ordered a dashmat for my father for Christmas for a '92 Chevy Blazer . I was sent the wrong one . Turns out it is too small and made for a S10 blazer . I am very disappointed because I ordered this same product last year and the SAME EXACT THING HAPPENED . I was unable to return and purchase a new one before the holiday , but thought I 'd try again this year . I will NOT be buying again and will be returning the current one ... again . Waste of time .
 Part fits like original . Was about 25 dollars cheaper than parts store for the exact same part . Hopefully it holds up . Car had rattling noise and after looking for noise I saw this seemed to be problem . Used pry bar to put pressure on it noise went away . Quiet now after replacing . Good time to replace belt also while it is off . It is a little bit of a pain to replace . Had to remove 3 motor mount bolts to be able to lift engine up 1/2 inch or so have room to remove bolt on tensioner . Belt is a pain to put back on also . Could have included better instructions . Took maybe 1 hour or so to complete job . Left off a star due to bad instructions.Was 4 stars but in about two months it is already making noise like the one I replaced . Now to figure out if I will get a replacement .
 Picked this up for an 03 Pontiac Vibe -LRB- Base 2wd -RRB- after the original was wearing out and making noise . Amazon was nearly half the price of the local parts stores and I got it in 2 days with Prime . My only complaint is the `` shock '' on this one feels a little cheaper than the OEM unit , but I ca n't complain too much considering the discounted price.Update 3/5/2012 - After less than 3 months , I just started getting the famous `` marbles in a can '' sound out of the tensioner . I 'm very disappointed that it only lasted this long . Sad thing is , this is the same one sold by all of the parts stores.Update 4/17/2012 - It 's now been about 4 months since first install . Tensioner is now useless . Belt squeaks constantly and the whole tensioner assembly has a wicked wobble to it . I had to go through the hassle of getting Amazon to honor the MFR warranty on this item and they are sending me a replacement . I hope I got a lemon the first time and I really hope this new one fixes the problem -LRB- for a few years at least -RRB- . I 've taken my review down to one star , but will revise if the new one lasts longer than a few months.Update 4/20/2012 - I finally took this product off my car and found the `` shock absorber '' on the one end was broken internally . It was barely holding tension and when I shook it , I could hear all kinds of stuff rattling around . The replacement unit Amazon sent is working great ... so far . Here 's hoping it lasts longer than 4 months .
 I got the product , and it did NOT come with any screws it 's a tool mount , but it didnt come with mounting supplies ??? the actual product is effective but i had to go out and get screws when i could have just went out and bought the product . the descriptino did not impply that it came without the screws , it did however immply that it was `` complete ''
 These ` chips ' usually are nothing more than switches in a box that tell the speed sensor the car is accellerating which makes it add more fuel . Get an Apexi Super AFC Controller if you want to play with fuel curves !
 This product is just a resistor connected in series with the air intake temp sensor ! it is not a performance item at all ! IT is just nothing ! do n't buy it !
 Do not buy this particular plate . The stamped corners are very sharp . I compared to one bought at a car show for less money and liked it more . I 'm not pleased at all with this one .
 If you have a Ford , Mercury , Lincoln made car whose model -LRB- Crown Victoria , Grand Marquis , Town Car -RRB- from 1995 through 2002 might cause you to consider this catalytic converter you should stop and consider my experiences first . First of all the Original Equipment OE catalytic converters that came with your car are much bigger than the one 's engineered into this product by Walker Muffler which is targeted to the aftermarket and is priced on the low end of the spectrum -LRB- around $ 200 give or take $ 20 ; Online cost -RRB- . I had a problem with this product when it arrived and called the Walker Muffler Customer Service phone number 1-734-384-7830 and selected the option for Technical Support to ask about the product . The unit failed after installation within less than ten minutes of engine operation with both of the catalytic converters completely disintegrating and some of the pieces went downstream into the exhaust pipe leading to the Muffler . Needless to say the car sounded and operated terribly . The original catalytic converter had broken down after 135,000 miles and needed replacement.I was told that Walker Muffler designs and engineers their product to a much more exact tolerance , a theoretical engine performance tolerance , and therefore the product is smaller than the one that came with the car which is designed to a realistic real-world performance tolerance that is more forgiving in terms of how the car engine performs . The technical person convinced me on the phone that the Walker product was either defective coming to me or that my car was to blame - meaning that fuel or anti-freeze was entering the exhaust manifold , which caused me to have the engine inspected and tested in a grueling manner to see there was evidence of problem ... I was also told that I needed to go back to my original retailer , Amazon and request a replacement part.So please keep in mind that your car 's engine must be in PERFECT running condition or you are asking for more troubles than it is worth by saving some amount of money for a more cheaply made product . Keep in mind that the Catalytic Converter attaches directly to your exhaust manifold and the performance of your car is at stake with this product . Even though I could not prove a malfunction I had the intake manifold replaced , and a thorough and complete cleaning and replacement of spark plugs , fuel injectors , vacuum hoses on Bank 2 -LRB- cylinders 5 through 8 - Drivers side of engine -RRB- was done as a precaution.I have to also mention that it bothered me that the size of the Walker Muffler Catalytic Converters in relation to the ones removed from the car bugged me . Especially after this new part failing in minutes.Amazon was quick to replace the unit with another one . But , when the unit arrived I did not notice a manufacturing issue with the collar or rim of the pipe that mates or attached directly to the Exhaust Manifold outlet . There were two issues
 I ordered this as a direct fit for my 2000 Chevy Metro . It does not meet up with the OEM flanges . I called andd emailed Walker and got no response .
 I ordered this to try and save some money since my Honda dealer wanted $ 35 for this item.Well these folks sell you this for $ 4.95 and charge $ 12.99 for shipping plus tax and do n't tell you that there is no hardware included to put the bracket on your car ! Cost for the hardware at my local Honda dealer
 I bought these for my '08 Xterra , along with those for the rear seats . The rear seats fit but the front passenger seat cover did not.I called the number on the instructions and I was directed to email pictures of the cover on the car , showing where and how it did n't fit . I did this and after a few days they got back to me by email.After a few exchanges of information and more pictures , they agreed the covers had not been cut properly so were sending a replacement . When the replacement arrived , I could see it was n't even for this vehicle at all ; the cutout for the seat back release did n't exist for one thing and there were cutouts where none were needed . I immediately got back to them on their customer service website with these problems but they had already closed out the service ticket so I had to start a new one.It 's been a week and I have n't heard from anyone yet . Hopefully I will . At $ 150 a pair , these things should fit like a glove and their customer service should be more responsive .
 I do n't understand how this product can have two positive reviews . It 's a really cheap product , worth less than a dollar each in my opinion . And it 's basically just a open sleeve with two open ends so if you were to get any wind at all in your vehicle you 'd probably lose the paperwork , and the clip is n't designed to hold the paperwork in . You 'd be better off using a rubber band to attach your paperwork to your visor . Luckily Amazon returns are really easy , but I still lost six bucks in shipping . I never felt so scammed from an Amazon purchase , I would never recommend this to anyone .
 The holder is much too small to hold even a normal sized vehicle registration . I guess it might be good for proof of insurance and such . . it is fairly flimsy also , but I did not expect too much as the price was right .
 Bear with me , please.Amazon had the controller , but not the pre-wired harness to fit my new Ridgeline ... out of stock and the computer told me it would email me the expected delivery date , after two days and no email , I cancelled.My local trailer vendor had both , but wanted $ 75 plus tax more.So , I paid a little more than Amazon price but less than local and ordered the P3 `` FOR HONDA VEHICLES '' from Southwest expecting to get the Tekonsha 30 '' # 3070 wiring harness and two day shipping . WRONG on both counts.Before I get to the issues , do let me say I did get a working P3 controller . The box was terribly dusty which does n't matter to me but it was marginally packed and that does worry me ... I 'm sure this thing took some serious knocking about on its way to me and given that it was surrounded by nothing but one thin layer of plastic , I wonder . But it appears to be working fine , and that 's where we are on the controller . When I use it some more , I 'll edit this review to include my opinion thereof but in all honesty I tow so infrequently I 'll never have an expert 's opinion.Now , as to the # 3070 harness . This is plug and play . In other words , Honda , if you got the factory tow package , was kind enough to include a port on the wiring harness . All you have to do is find it , plug one end of # 3070 into it , the other end into the P3 and you are good to go . No soldering , no messy wire nuts , none of that stinking black electrical tape , no muss , no fuss . Not quite that easy as the port is way up in the dash above the parking brake , covered in blue plastic tape which has to be cut off . Once freed , the connector is hard to work with as there is no room and several sharp edges will cut you in a moment if you are not careful . Then , you have to mount the P3 , which is n't easy either as there 's not a lot to which you can fasten the hangar . Still , it can be done and a custom made wiring harness is well worth the 10-20 bucks , trust me . The problem with Southwest is that they do n't send the Tekonsha # 3070 but a `` Valley '' -LRB- which I 've never heard of -RRB- harness . Both of the Valley end connectors fit , but the harness is only 18 '' long . And the only good place on the Ridgeline to mount the P3 is the far right side of the driver 's foot well , right beside the center dash stack , above the gas pedal . 18 '' made it , but without so much as a half inch to spare . Not the way I like to wire things , I 'd been much happier with the 30 '' Tekonsha . The first chance I get , I 'm gon na look at the Tekonsha piece and compare the quality with the Valley harness but until then I 'll hold my tongue . It worked , but again , barely , leaving no room for an elegant routing , no way to tie the wires emanating from the back of the P3 out of sight.Then , there 's the two day shipping . `` SHIPPED FEDEX PRIORITY TWO DAY '' does not mean Amazon 's two day shipping . It means Southwest will ship it when they get to it , in my case , over 24 hours after I ordered , that after an email regarding shipping went unanswered . Then , FedEx let it sit in first Lubbock , then Memphis , then Charlotte . Took just shy of a week to get it . Now , if you read the fine print , it 's all covered . Southwest makes no promises to get it out the same day , FedEx does n't start counting until the day AFTER they pick it up , nor do holidays and weekends count . Still , I know from experience that if I had ordered directly from Amazon , or any number of other vendors I use on a regular basis , I would have had the darn thing Thursday , not the next Monday . So , before ordering from Southwest , take this into account as well.All in all , I feel misled and while what I received works , I would n't do it this way again .
 Did not fit seats . Not very useful . Once dogs sat on seat it came off . Also did not fit front seat very well .
 For the price they are barely acceptable . They need an opening on one side for vehicles with arm rests otherwise they are useless and will not fit unless cut up the side !! The color is much lighter than pictured and the plastic clips are complete junk . Spend more , get more .
 I 've purchased these twice and they only last for about 6 months . The issue us the fabric is too lightweight.Makes your car look lousy after a few months as they quickly wear out.I found another pair of covers at Cos tco for $ 10 which have a much more durable , heavy duty fabric and stitching.The high rating here is totally unwarranted .
 These seat covers appear to fit well . However , they shift and bunch up when people get into and out of the car . Also , the seam where the seat is joined to the back is already starting to rip . I know this is a high tension area , but I expected this would therefore be reinforced and it is not . I suppose for the price these seat covers are ok , but I with the overall good reviews I had hoped for more .
 I guess you get what you pay for . They were sadly much to large for my particular bucket seats so I returned this item .
 I bought these for my '08 Xterra , along with those for the rear seats . The rear seats fit but the front passenger seat cover did not.I called the number on the instructions and I was directed to email pictures of the cover on the car , showing where and how it did n't fit . I did this and after a few days they got back to me by email.After a few exchanges of information and more pictures , they agreed the covers had not been cut properly so were sending a replacement . When the replacement arrived , I could see it was n't even for this vehicle at all ; the cutout for the seat back release did n't exist for one thing and there were cutouts where none were needed . I immediately got back to them on their customer service website with these problems but they had already closed out the service ticket so I had to start a new one.It 's been a week and I have n't heard from anyone yet . Hopefully I will . At $ 150 a pair , these things should fit like a glove and their customer service should be more responsive .
 Sandwich engine oil adapter does not come with 20MM bolt needed to fit Japanese cars like 350Z . Other less expensive kits include all five adapter bolts you would need . The stock filter will not work with the adapter because of insufficient outer diameter to seal the indentations caused by the installation of the thermal bypass spring in the adapter . Unless you love surprises and throwing good money after bad to overcome the short - comings of this kit do n't buy it !
 Beware ... product is NOT compatible with all the vehicles they claim . Set up was fairly easy ... just wish it fit our vehicle .
 The dash mat was good quality but did not fit my rav4 it was not even close . Air vent holes were square when mine ar round and the contour of the mat was not even close . Beware this is not for 2012 model . And even though there was free shipping still cost me to send back .
 These are perfectly fine but like some other reviewers have noted , the metal pieces on the back are n't able to fit around the visor . Because of this , the metal pieces stretch and definitely do not sit flush .
 Tried to install this in a 2009 Toyota RAV4 . Could not dial it in at all -LRB- yes , I read the directions -RRB- . Constructed of cheap plastic , the mount that holds the body of the compass to the dash broke -LRB- pin popped out -RRB- and fell into the defroster vent!Don ' t waste your money on this cheap piece of plastic .
 I would give this item negative stars if I could . Pure and simple , the compass did not work . No matter which way I faced , it would show SW . I tried standing next to a strong magnet , and it STILL did n't react . I wasted $ 10 on this ... please do n't make the same mistake I did
 It would n't adjust , it wanders , and the cheapo adhesive mounting pad fell off after just a few months -LRB- the pad stayed stuck on my windshield , but fell off the compass arm ! HA HA HA HA -RRB- . A sad example of a shoddy product resulting from outsourcing to China by an old American company that should know better . BTW in this age of GPS such a compass IS useful , because it helps inform a wider view of one 's surroundings and the relationships to maps , the night sky , etc. . But do n't waste your money on this one .
 Got this originally for my car that lacks an electronic compass . I went outside to tune it as per the instructions and never got a consistent nor accurate reading . Despite this , I tried putting it in my car and the field created by internal electronics caused a constant direction reading.I tried putting it on my bike where it entertained as it just spun around aimlessly.Then I tried putting it in the trash where it seems to work the most effectively .
 The compass comes with compensating adjustment screws but they had no effect on needed compensation.Before you think it was my vehicle I want to say that I had , for several years , a compass that was the same make and model as the new one.The one that I just ordered had all the same features but they did n't work.So back it went.Amazon took care of everything and all went well.I still do n't have a working compass so I have to use my GPS .
 I farted around and considered buying something more expensive.This is a piece of junk . Buy something better . I found an electronic compass for ~ $ 35 . Awaiting arrivel .
 Wasted money . Adjustement wheels do not function and are loose . Compass can not be adjusted no matter where i put it in the car . Can only be used as a paper weight
 The person for whom I purchased this has not tried it . It appearsthat once this one is stuck on the dash or windshield that it ca n't be moved . Hepreferred the suction cup type . I ca n't really rate it .
 This compass did not work at all in my car . I had already discarded the packaging so I could not return it .
 Please DO N'T order this product till Amazon addresses the problem
 I have tried this item in a variety of suitable places in my car . I have changed the settings as suggested in the accompanying directions . No matter what I do I can not get it to work . It would have been helpful to know that very specific locations inside the car are necessary for this item to work accurately .
 This compass is too fragile for being used in an automobile . It is constantly getting stuck and not following the magnetic field and keeping it level on hillsides is not possible so it is usually inaccurate there . Probably good for a flat city , but if you are going into the boonies be careful . I am going to seek out a replacement .
 Well I was n't hoping for much but this simply did n't work . It looks nice enough for $ 7 but I should have known better .
 NORTH POINTS SOUTH . THE LITTLE ADJUSTMENT DIALS DO N'T PROVIDE ENOUGH CORRECTION TO FIX . IT 'S NOT WORTH THE TROUBLE OF SENDING BACK . I USUALLY DO N'T WRITE REVIEWS , BUT I HAD TO TELL ABOUT A COMPASS WITH NORTH POINTING SOUTH . DO N'T BUY IT !
 Absolute piece of garbage . Did not work at all ! Husband who is a civil engineer and not too stupid installed exactly according to instructions and it does not work . Do n't waste your money .
 I 'm always going north or west - work for the 1st few weeks and now doesnt work at all - do n't waste your money !
 This is a cute and robust compass for travellers.It is a good and reliable product.I fixed it on my front dashboard.When I was driving around urban area or countryside , I used to get lost and no idea where I am going.Then , I need to look at this compass to find outwhere I am heading to . This small compass helps me a lot.The only small imperfection of this product isit does not turns promptly or sometime it even stucks atone pointing when the car makes many quick turns inshort period on bumpy road.Anyway , It is a good stuff ...
 It works pretty well at aligning itself to north-south axis . However , its north is pointing in the opposite of what it is supposed to be . Adjustment thumbwheels do n't work at all . Very very disappointed in BELL . Do NOT recommend buying . Luckily , I am able to return this item free of shipping charge . Amazon rules !
 HOW CAN A COMPASS -LRB- EVEN WITHOUT ADJUSTMENTS TO THE DIAL -RRB- HAVE THE NORTH NEEDLE POINT TO SOUTH ??? THE ITEM SHOULD HAVE BEEN PACKAGED WITH MAGNETIC SHIELDING TO PREVENT REVERSE POLARISATION OR AT LEAST HAVE A DISCLAIMER STATING THAT VIA SHIPPING , IT COULD BECOME REVERSED POLARISED -LRB- AND THESE STEPS LISTED ARE WHAT SHOULD BE DONE TO CORRECT THAT -RRB- . THE DIALS ARE A BIT FLIMSY .
 it was not the right one for my corolla 96 1.8 how can i get my money back tank you
 Well , the price was right and it was Amazon Prime eligible and I could have it in time for my Labor day trip . I placed the order August 29 and was expecting it August 31 . It had not arrived by the time I hit the road the evening of September 1 . Oh well , it will still be nice to have . When I finally got around to installing it , it clearly was not designed for my vehicle . The heating vents did not match the cut outs and there was a large piece of extra material that just covered up my glove box . It 's a shame and the very first bad experience I 've had with Amazon . And to learn that they expect me to eat the return cost ... that 's just wrong in my opinion . BIG FAIL !!!
 First I have to say this product has horrible packaging . It uses a giant plastic blister that is sealed on all sides . You have to destroy the packaging to get the product out . Why do any companies think this is acceptable?Secondary the instructions are printed on a single sheet of paper that has been folded about a thousand times to fit inside the blister package . So when you unfold it the sheet it has folds and creases all over it making it difficult to read . Not the end of the world but it sure feels cheap.Now onto the product . After I took the compass out I noticed was mine has a huge bubble of air inside the dome . The picture on amazon does not show any bubbles inside the dome . Is mine defective ? Or was it just a lucky break that the one compass amazon took a picture of shows no bubbles?The compass inside the dome balances on a single fulcrum . This means that if the housing is not exactly level -LRB- and I mean EXACTLY level -RRB- the compass will rub the inside of the dome and stop moving . So even if I successfully mount it level in my truck I have to always drive on level roads or the compass will not work . Great design ! For some reason I thought it would have some sort of self leveling system inside the dome . Nope!Okay now the instructions . Yes instructions with a compass . Does n't the thing just always point north ? I guess not . There are three things to adjust . Instructions first have you adjust where the red line on the dome lines up . I guess that is suppose to correct for the offset from magnetic north and true north -LRB- magnetic declination -RRB- . But now I do n't know how to mount it in my truck . Should the compass housing be square with the truck body -LRB- leaving the red line rotated to the side -RRB- ? Or maybe I should mount it with the red line aligned with the front-back axis of the truck ? I do n't know . In the end I will just leave the red line in the center and manually account for the magnetic declination.Also there are two dials on the bottom of the housing that adjust where the compass points . There are instructions included telling you to , `` position your vehicle pointed north then adjust a dial , point east then adjust another dial , point south , etc. '' -LRB- question
 This water pump has plus and minuses . The plus is price and the propeller is made from brass . The bad is the overall quality of the unit . The brass propeller is pitted in the material , it also has some sharp edges all over it like it was casted by machine but finished by hand . I know that I should n't judge the product by its look , but in this case I feel that it tell the story of quality of the product . I ended up return the Bosch and ordered the factory OEM reman unit instead . It was more expensive but the quality was much better .
 The rotor blade is made of some kind of plastic and broke after install ... everyone should go for the pumps with steel/metal rotor baldes
 like the other reviews , is plastic , not a brass metal AS SHOWED ! dont know if it fits yet , will know tonight ! on the box it says it fits 128i ,323 i , 323ci , 323ic -LRB- 3l -RRB- -LRB- 3.2 L -RRB- -LRB- 2.8 L -RRB- -LRB- 2.5 L -RRB- L6 ... . nothing about a 325i ... . but mine is a 3L so maybe it will ?
 Do n't buy ... total waste as the picture and the review said `` Metal Impeller '' . When product arrived it was PLASTIC . Total False Advertising . Wasted my time having to send it back and now I have to buy another.This is PLASTIC and not like the picture . Also the reviewer who said it was Metal must have had another product , so who wants to take a chance ???
 Same as the previous customer , the pump I received has the plastic impeller -LRB- also the impeller is black color , unlike the product photo -RRB- . The product photo is misleading.Overall build quality is low . There are scratches on the metal body and rough edges on the plastic . If not for these rough edges , I almost feel like it is a second hand unit.The bearing seems to be good , but I have no confidence how long it can last .
 I bought this water pump based on the pictures of the brass impeller and reviews stating it has a brass impeller . The one I just recieved on 4/16/12 did in fact have a Plastic impeller . Its possible it was composite , but looks like regular ABS plastic with some casting flash to me.Overall high quality casting and overall construction , but did not feel comfortable with the plastic impeller and the amount of drag the bearing made when trying to spin by hand . I sent it back .
 did n't work for me . it did n't even take off the tire marks on the concrete driveway . i would not buy again
 I purchased these as parts for a new exhaust/header system but my mechanic advised against their use -LRB- due to the slots -RRB- because they can be easily misaligned at installation or become misaligned with daily use.They seem well made but I ended up using flanges with precise holes for the bolts .
 The lights are fine but the three additional lenses as in the information were not pictured on the box and does not come in the kit . The picture and information is deceptive and incorrect . The lenses are an additional twenty dollars .
 rec . order from amazon missing the extra lens , returned for replacement and again missing lens.will return again and shop somewhere else .
 AMAZON NEEDS TO UPDATE THE PICTURE AND DESCRIPTION FOR THIS PRODUCT . THE DESCRIPTION SAYS KG HILITES 736 BUT ACTUALLY SHOWS A PICTURE AND DESCRIPTION OF THE 735s . MAKE SURE IF YOU WANT THE EXTRA LENSES YOU SEARCH FOR THE 735s .
 This would be great with the right model/yr . I had an issue that the electronic plug did not match my harness . Apparently not made for a 96 suburban .
 if this part is any thing like the four pics shown it WILL NOT FIT any doge neon
 I bought these pads a few months ago and they completely destroyed my rotors . They also leave a cake of brake dust each time I drive . Do n't buy these pads .
 I bought front and rear ... they make a lot of dust ... stopping power is n't any better than stock ... sqeaks ... does not come with grease . Expensive for aftermarket brakes !
 I bought this keychain for my wife for her new s2000 . After about 3 weeks , the piece where the teardrop connects to the rectangular piece came unscrewed and fell off . So now we have a keyring connected to a rectangular hunk of metal and a teardrop shaped hunk of metal . I tried using superglue and screwing it back together , but that only solved the problem for a day.If you plan on using this on your `` every day keys '' , I would look elsewhere .
 I got this keychain and after not even a month hanging on my schoolbag , the front emblem piece fell off ! I never found the front part else I could have superglued it back on . I was very disappointed at the quality of what is a rather nice looking keychain .
 Same deal as the rest , ours made it two months . love to have the money back !
 The shipping on this product was lacking . The price was steep and the way it was recieved was poor . When my package arrived it was in a box 4 sizes to big for the item with no protection arround the key chain . It was literally thrown in a box and shipped . Not what I expected for the money I paid .
 I bought this ATF because KIA Diamond type III was listed as a compatible ATF . NOT SO !! I found this out the hard way . When I replaced the transmission ATF with Valvoline MaxLife in my 2001 Kia Optima , I immediately experienced rough shifting and severe slippage . I drove several days thinking that the ATF needs to be stabilized , but the shifting did not improve.I did some research on the Web and found out that the OEM ATF for Kia calls for Diamond type III -LRB- 3 -RRB- which is used by Mitsubishi and Kia . The two other ATF certified to replace Diamond type III -LRB- 3 -RRB- are Mobil 1 ATF and Castrol Import MultiVehicle.Valvoline MaxLife ATF is NOT compatible with Diamond type III -LRB- 3 -RRB- , contrary to the label on the back of the bottle.I immediately replaced the ATF with Castrol Import MultiVehicle and saw a drastic improvement in shifting . Because I did a drain and replace , some Valvoline Maxlife ATF is still in my car . I 'll have to do another ATF change with Castrol -LRB- or Mobil 1 -RRB- to get the correct ATF mixture.If your car ATF specs are for Diamond type III -LRB- 3 -RRB- , stay away from Valvoline Maxlife ATF .
 I purchased this for my project truck , a 1978 Ford . The seat cover does not fit properly . I had to stuff a broom handle down between the seat , and back rest portion . Every time you get in or out , the cover slips off the back , or comes up off the seat . I would not recommend this to anyone ! I give it one star because Amazon ships so well .
 This product is not white and does not fit a hitch over 2 '' in size .
 Not even close to fitting a 2-5/16 ball . The design to hold the cover onto a ball seems flawed . The rubber is very thin ... not sure it would last very long .
 Lost the instructions . Can I get another one ? When we get it programmed , I will tell you how it works .
 Liked the duck but did n't like the fact that it does n't fit what it is supposed to . Smaller opening that was specified . Returned .
 This seat cover is ` installed ' by means of elastic loops - no longer the shoestring type tie-downs . I have a VERY standard F-150 from the late 80 's - this thing fits on okay , but would not stay on no matter what . I tried several ways to install , short of sewing on some actual ties . Every time I get in , or get out or move in the cab , the back slips off . I 've had several of the older style covers in the past - they last a long time and I almost never had to adjust them . Why did they have to change something that worked so well ? I 'll be returning it .
 Had to return 2 of these because I received STANDARD BENCH covers , not split back ... The product description is wrong .
 where is the description ?? and what is exactly in the box?how much weight?model of motor?and everything about the product please !!!!
 This was decided on to be a gift for my husband for father 's day by my mom and I. He 's an OTR trucker , and this , we thought , would be a valuable help to him in keeping perishable groceries on hand in his truck . It 's hard to know where to start in how wrong we were . Firstly , it does NOT get cold enough to even , for example , enjoy a `` cold '' glass of milk . Mildly `` cool '' would be the most one could say about the temp of the foods inside of it . And worse , it does not get cold enough to keep food fresh beyond a day or two . Even the cream for his coffee clabbered -LRB- regularly -RRB- by 4 days after being purchased . Secondly , it says `` family size . '' However , there was barely enough space for him to keep things to last a couple days for himself , let alone would there be room to keep anything for a family even for one outing . It is positively TINY inside . After a few months and not a few ruined food items , he decided to stop using it altogether . We were very hopeful about this refrigerator . Now , we seriously regret making this a father 's day gift and wasting the money .
 Ordered 2 of the Hayden 3670 10 '' fans for my 1966 MGB.They arrived quickly and were packed well.I looked at the instruction sheet in the Hayden box to check to see if all the parts were there . There was no parts list on the sheet so I could not confirm what was sent or what was needed.The instructions made reference to clips that could be positioned around the perimeter of the fan for proper mounting . I did not see any clips and did n't think much about because I did n't open the bag of small parts that was included in the box and just assumed they were in there . When I went to install the fans I found that the critical clips were missing.Since ordered two fans I thought that maybe it was just one missing the clips . I checked the other box to see if the clips were in there . - Nope.I 'm giving these fans 1 star because 100 % of two separate boxes were missing the critical parts . Also I hesitate to reorder these because both boxes were missing the clips . I 'll try to call Hayden monday to see what they say .
 I purchased this muffler through Amazon in July 2010 as a direct-fit replacement for my 4Runner . It bolted on very easily and sounded just like the original factory muffler that had rusted out after fourteen years . The problem started when I went to replace the downflow O2 sensor last week . The studs that hold the sensor to the pipe had completely rusted to the point where I could crumble the threads with my fingers . The studs are now completely useless ; the only thing holding the sensor to the pipe is the rusted mass.When I called Walker to inquire about the warranty they directed me to Amazon , saying any replacement would be handled through them . A little strange but we 'll see how that goes .
 the pump was fine ... However , gasket was missing . Shame on me for not catching it before I took fans and belts , out . O'Rally had what I needed.I would have marked five stars , , ,
 Just a warning to Mazda owners . It does NOT fit the Mazda 2 . The description would be a lot better if the hole spacings were listed .
 Sure it sounds fine and bolts up fine , but it also does n't exit in the right place . There is a cutout in the bumper where the outlet is supposed to be and it 's about 3 &#34; off .
 This product is very lightweight and seemingly useless . Most pocket knifes would be a better alternative than this . Would not recommend .
 I bought this for my car emergency kit . I tested the glass breaker , it works great ! The strap cutter is a joke . The angle of the blade is ridiculous . I tried cutting many different materials with the blade , it cut through nothing ! The LifeHammer is good for glass breaking , that 's it ! Buy a separate strap cutter . Very disappointed .
 Anyone ever swung a hammer under water?For first responders this probably works well but I 'd get something like an auto punch for self rescue .
 The problem with reviewing safety equipment is you might never get a chance to actually use it in the situation that its purchased for.That said , a number of reviewers have mentioned that the blade on this might only be sharp enough to get through one seat-belt -LRB- even then , not easily -RRB- . Completely unacceptable . This company also manufactures the ResQme , another product plagued by quality problems.I 've ordered a similar product manufactured by EMI from another website . Its priced about the same and its intended audience is rescue personnel.Don ' t skimp on your life .
 I hate giving bad reviews , but this is really not worth the excessive price ! I Love the Idea , but the materials they used to make these hammers is just Way Sub Par ! The idea is great , and it will definitely be able to save lives once they remanufacture the hammers with better materials . The plastic is like a cheap $ .99 toy from china , it is way to light to do any good , an it would be very hard to even break your windows to escape . Although the metal tips are a great idea , they just did n't use enough metal to make the hammer useful . That does n't mean it is unable to break windows , it would only possibly break the windows because of the metal tips , but the hammer is so light and cheap that it would be hard to break any windows . . But I do not have any windows to test it out , but with better glass technology , it will be harder and harder for these to break any windows . . Now the `` Razor '' blade that is supposed to be a seatbelt cutter is way to useless , it is a mini piece of razor blade and it would n't cut through a piece of paper , The piece of paper just bent and would not cut , now once again that does n't mean that it will not cut a seat belt , I really did n't want to test it out on my seat belts , but there is no way that I would risks the lives of my family and friends with these hammers . . I was Very Dissapointed when I recieved these `` Life Hammers '' , because for the high price , -LRB- which I was fine with paying at first -RRB- , I believed I would be getting a well made tool that is just a no brainer to keep in my cars . . However when I recieved the hammers and felt them , it is VERY Apparent that this company took their Great Idea , and TRIED TO MAKE AS MUCH PROFIT AS POSSIBLE , EVEN IF IT MEANT GIVING THEIR CUSTOMERS A HORRIBLY INFERIOR PRODUCT , That they themselves probably would n't even trust the LIVES of THEIR FAMILIES WITH . . For the price , they should have been able to put together a gret product that is reliable and that would actually be very capable of doing the things it says it can do ! Once again , it is a Great Idea for a product that would no doubt be able to save many lives , but the company would rather have those extra dollars , which is just plain Sad !!!! You can ignore this and make your purchase , but when you feel them for yourselfs you will be Able to feel the horrible materials that make up these life hammers , very thin cheap plastic . . You are better off carrying a knife in the car that has a built opin seatbelt cutter !! -LRB- prove me wrong Life Hammer , and make your hammers out of better life saving materials and I Will take this down !! -RRB-
 . . but I doubt it.Got my LifeHammers today . They are disturbingly small and light ; not something that gives me great confidence if wife or I needed to use them in an emergency . They could n't weigh more than 2 or 3 ounces each with handle , and the `` window shattering '' cylinder at the top of the `` hammer '' is merely 21/2 '' long and 1/2 '' in diameter , pointed on both ends . Hey , I understand physics and high forces concentrated with little effort using a sharply pointed tool , but while I 'm gon na keep them ... . not sure if I/we are more safe than before.BTW , The LifeHammer comes with a large plastic mount for supposedly ` easy ' access that surely has built-in screwmounts for potentially self-drilled screw holes . Thankfully , if one carefully reads the instructions , this is * not * a LifeHammer recommended installation without professional installation to preclude original , pre-existing wiring damage to your vehicle . To that end , they recommend installing the ` mount ' via velcro attachments -LRB- which are neither included or explained further -RRB- on the bottom end of a ` mount ' that is pretty much concave with little flat surface area to accomplish any chance of a secure velcro attachment between the Hammer/mount and the vehicle floor , dash or any other surface.We put our 2 LifeHammers in the console boxes between the two front seats ... and hope to heck we never have to use them .
 I 've purchased these before . This one looked normal size and nothing was mentioned , of course , that it was smaller than expected . When it arrived , I felt duped .
 Let me start by saying that I 've never been upside down in a submerged car trying to cut my seatbelt off and shatter the window to get out but if I was there are better safety hammers/tools on the market . This one is lightweight and reminds me of a toy . I 'm afraid it would break before the window would . It does have a sharp point and cutting edge both untried by me . It just does n't instill confidence . Look elsewhere and spend a little more for the real thing .
 I have to question the usefulness of this device during a real accident . If your car crashes , there will be tons of things flying about in your car , including this tool . The chance of you finding this tool is next to nothing . The same situation applies if your car crashes into the water . The tool will probably be dislodge so you ca n't find it either.The best tool to save your life is to be prepared . If you go into the water , keep to window down so you can open the door to get out . You can extricate yourself if you are buckled in . Even in the very rare event the buckle does n't disengage , you can still leave by sliding out of the seatbelt . It is not like a 5 point racing harness . Be prepare , practice for the emergency . If you rely on this tool , it is worthless in an accident since you will never find it.The only purpose of having this tool is when you arrive at an accident and need to remove the car crash victims away from their vehicle . It is NOT designed for you .
 Let 's think about the odds of being stuck in a submerged car in a lake.Now , lets think about that statistics of vehicles being broken into to steal GPS 's , Stereo 's , etc. ... Looks like there is a reason why these are selling so well -
 I had a hard time breaking tempered glass with a 20 oz hammer on a 16 inch handle . This toy would n't leave a scratch . The belt cutter looks at least as bad . Any one who would buy it is a fool and anyone who claims it can save a life should be in jail .
 I had higher hopes for this , but for the cost , I guess I should n't have.Unit is light - about the weight of a candy bar is how it feels in your hands . The cutter has a horrible entry angle , you 'd think in an emergency your tendency while using this would be to pull straight up , but this is angled at more of a 45 degree angle so that wo n't work quite as well - things have a habit of getting caught and folding over with my testing.But the mount - oh my , it 's just horrible . In every respect . There 's a little sheet inside that recommends using sticky backed velcro to mount it . But the back is hollowed , with just a few thin lines of plastic that the velcro sticky side could even stick to - no way there 's nearly enough surface contact for that to be even remotely feasible . There are screw mounts , but not many people want to drill screws through their cars interior . Then it 's a really tight pull to get this thing out of it . Hardly what I 'd want to have to deal with in an emergency , trying to pull this out , having the whole thing come out because the velcro sticky back could n't adhere to the base at all . Then trying to pull this out of the base while I 'm fumbling to pull both sides apart from each other , while theoretically in an emergency situation in which I may be in a deadly situation , or addled because of an impact or airbag deployment ... Going to look for a better solution , since this one clearly is not it .
 the seller send me an e mail with a notification .
 I just received these today and they are both scratched :-LRB- Not happy about this purchase . I was really looking forward to putting them on my new car .
 This cup holder does n't work very well for my needs . When installed , you can only pull up on the parking brake about 1 or 2 clicks -LRB- not really enough to engage it -RRB- . If you accidentally pull up too much , the screws break through the plastic -LRB- washers would probably fix that problem -RRB- . But also , the holders are not really wide and deep enough to hold much more than a 12oz can . And if the can is full or your cup is taller , expect your drink to fall on your lap , or in my case , the passenger 's lap . 2 stars out of 5 because it looks and works as advertised . Just not for me .
 Your unable to pull the break lever all the way up . I had read that in a review but I thought I would be able to modify it - now I see that 's not possible . This is a bad product .
 Even though the ad clearly states `` The cam sprockets are made from 35,000 PSI tensile strength cast iron . '' this arrived as just the timing chain . Not happy with purchase .
 I ordered a timing set and only got the timing chain no gears.that is not a timing chain set . I feel like I was taken so do not buy from this company , I wo n't be making the same mistake again .
 Ca n't say much about the tail pipe , since Car Part Kings sent me an A/C hose instead -LRB- Sent me a four seasons 55143 instead of Walker 55143 -RRB- . I would have used it , but I thought it might restrict my exhaust . CPK was slow to refund money , and they seem to have stiffed me on the shipping and handling charges . Apparently , I have to pay for their mistakes .
 Even though there are several images in different colors of the same model , you will receive whatever color they feel like sending . It is tacky to spend money on a grey cover when the rest of your interior is tan .
 This is the wrong aprt for a 2004 F150 FX4 , Auto Parts Warehouse will not exchange it for you and will charge you to return it taking up to 5 weeks total to get a credit
 DO NOT ORDER THIS PRODUCT !!! I ordered the king version and it is horrible . I want my money back !!!! This was delivered in three boxes and was bound by plastic wrap . Once out of the box , the three layers were cut with what looked like pinking shears and were horribly uneven . This was NEVER a mattress that sold for 1259.00 ... When I tried to return it All Sleep was helpful at first but I could not package the layers to send . While trying to come up with a solution to the shipping problem , the UPS labels they sent to me expired and now they will not return any emails or calls . They are not a member of the BBB in MA , so foget trying to report them.WORST SERVICE AND PRODUCT EVER !
 Do n't look at the ad 's picture because you would love it . At first time I met it , I think it 's a wrong item which I ordered . After I checked it , Oh !! . . is it a mattress ? . It composes of 2 pieces of foam , one junky pillow , and one bed sheet . It 's not worthy of purchasing it even $ 199 .
 I believe it 's called off-gassing when a chemical breaks down and releases gas into the air . As I fall asleep I ca n't help but worry about the cancers I 'm giving myself.Aside from that the mattress is comfortable and shipping was prompt .
 This item was for a ford 150 my truck is a 1990 dodge 150 , had to modify it to make it fit , I also ordered a set of hood lift for my 2006 chrysler 300 that did not fit , the item broke when I shut the hood.I clearly specified in the area you have available the discription of my vehicles .
 Product was brand new but did not match the photo it was totally diffrent from the others on the truck not very happy . shipping was fast , and the buying experience was good but you need to inform the buyer if the picture does not match the product
 I ordered and paid for a titanium ceramic coated headers and got stainless steel ... what happend here ? Got part 2035s instead of 2035sjt
 At least for the rear seat of my Accord coupe , this seat cover was completely inadequate . It comes in two pieces , each of which looks a lot like an elasticized bucket seat cover , and neither of which stayed in place on the seat . Furthermore , there is no accommodation for rear head rests . I have a hard time imagining how this cover could work on any rear car seat .
 We have purchased two pairs of these seat covers and both of the ones we use the most -LRB- on the driver side of each car -RRB- have holes in the seam already . The pair we bought awhile back were added to my car last month and the pair I got for my boyfriend only last week both have significant holes and we 're very disappointed .
 I ordered this to match another seat cover . Same manufacturer , same product number , and same box . The one I had looks and feels like sheepskin . This one looks and feels like a dog pelt . Could be a Chinese raccoon dog .
 I bought this to replace an older seat cover that finally tore and was shredding piece by piece -LRB- I have had it in my car since 1991 -RRB- . Though this fits snug on my VW bucket seat , the feeling of the sheepskin is not as soft and subtle as the older , original sheepskin covers were.It almost feels fake ... which I am thinking it is.For the cost , it is not worth the cover .
 Genuine Sheepskin Bucket Seatcover , Silverthis is the title of this product . It does have SOME sheepskin in it . just down the middle . The description does admit to this . The strip of sheepskin is pretty narrow and unless you have a tiny hiney you will encounter an unpleasant seam where the good stuff meets the crummy stuff . The fake sheep skin is loose and stretchy and slides around when you get into the carthe over all fit is okay and the cover looks nice at a glance but the union of the real and the fake is not good . The seam is lumpy and uncomfortable.I returned mine . For the money , you should just shell out a little more and get a all sheep skin cover
 Genuine Sheepskin Bucket SeatcoverMisleading Ad ... The part that is Sheepskin is indeed genuine sheepskin ... and without full examination ... who would know ... ??? accept . . now you do !! The only part of the seatcover that is entirely made of sheepskin -LRB- PELTS -RRB- and that is the operative word -LRB- PELTS -RRB- ... is the center of the seatcover approx . 12 '' by 30 '' or so , give or take . The rest is NOT made of sheepskin -LRB- PELTS -RRB- ... but it is made of a woven material to look like sheepskin that I am sure will not wear very well , thus will not last as if it were made entirely of sheepskin Pelts ... especially the bottom portion where you are actually sitting on and and sliding in and out of the vehicle ... I know this from experience all of my other cars seatcovers are made this way the entire seat andseat back excluding sides of seat and the actual back of seat where it does ` nt matter are made in this fashion it makes a differance ... !!!!
 these seat covers were very nice looking and seemed to be of good quality but they did n't fit my 2003 Nissan Maxima seats - too small - I had to send them back
 The product description clearly states the seat covers are made of lambs wool , which is what I wanted . When they arrived I find that ONLY THE CENTER PANEL of the seat is lambs wool , while the rest is made of imitation material . FALSE ADVERTISING in your product description . This has made me quite tentative about buying other products -LRB- outside of books or DVDs -RRB- from Amazon .
 Do n't waste your time or money - these are Genuine Polyester . The fact that they have a small landing strip of real hide is of little value to someone who is looking for the real thing . When stating `` Genuine Sheepskin '' - `` everything to do with Sheepskin '' - containing mostly or created from sheepskin - these are clearly not . This is not only misleading , it is a `` Genuine Swindle '' .
 Maybe I should have known by the price , but I was surprised to find out that just the center panel of fur is sheepskin . All of the surrounding fur is fake -LRB- ie polyester or something -RRB- and it definitely feels like it . I returned the two that I bought , since I wanted something with more sheepskin .
 It has been a year now since I got a set of these seat covers for Christmas 2010 and installed them on a 2007 PT Cruiser . Now where the center seat strip and the polyester sided pieces are sown together the stitching is now ripping out because of sliding in and out of the vehicle - and I a skinny less then 200Lb person and drive less then 5,000 miles a year . Be advised .
 These screws do not fit 1996 Silverado front discs as listed . They are way too small and completely wrong . Therefore I can not comment on how they work , but I will say that I also ordered the Russell 639520 's for the rear . Those fit , but did not seat correctly and did not work AT ALL . I would avoid these products like the plague . Stick to manual 2-person bleeding .
 This was not at all what I expected it to be . It does not seem to be a heat barrier as advertised . What it is however , is a toxic piece of material that should not be handled with bare hands nor cut without wearing a mask . A detail that should most definitely be listed in the description of this product .
 Very very disappointing . It will not fit any of our 3 vehicles . It is way to small . Do . Of buy this product .
 Bought for my 2001 Ford F-150 and the cover snapped in half during installation . Easy to install after it broke . Good luck .
 I dont know who wrights these reviews , but this stuff would not take off oxidation on a lightly oxidized RV.I tried real hard on one spot and looked real bad .
 Do n't waste your money on this item . Not even worth the effort . Suction cup does n't stick to the windshield very good . The whole design is flimsy ... the saying holds true , you get what you pay for , and this item is really cheap ... in price and design .
 I decided to order this clipboard despite few not very good reviews available . The clipboard does not stay stuck to the windshield for a longer time . I keep finding it off again and again . The holding part of the paper is made very cheaply , the pen keeps falling out of the holder all the time , and there are just very few paper sheets.This item belongs to the Dollar Stores , not being sold for more than one dollar . This was a total waste of money .
 Unfortunately , the product was basically useless . The suction cup did not stick to anything i tried to stick it to , regardless of the method . A very cheaply made product . I had to buy something else , as this did nothing for me .
 A flimsy product . The spring which holds the notes is weak so the paper-block falls out regularly . The string which held the pen just poped out from its place.I 'd have sent it back to Amazon but got rid of the box and instead gave the entire holder to my grandson to play with ...
 It is too big for my car . Luckily my moms a seamstress and she can alter it but amazon is so deceiving . They said that it can fit .
 The ride is nice over smooth roads and little bumps , but big bumps are n't taken too well . If I had to do it over again I would have gotten linear springs instead .
 Nice set of adapter plugs , but the transformer is a piece of crap . Blew out at 2 in the morning taking the breaker with it in a whiff of ozone . Thought it had taken out my cpap too . Woke the landlord and got everything reset . Pretty exciting way to spend your first night in London . Found out the CPAP is auto switching and did n't need the transformer anyway . Caveat emptor .
 This converter/adapter kit was a total waste of money . Would not stay in the plugs in Rwanda ... :-LRB- Fortunately a traveling companion had a set of adapters like I had sitting at home ... they fit and worked very well .
 The fabric used to connect the back to the seat portion ripped after about 2 months of use . There was no way to repair the damage , so I had to throw it in the trash . Do n't waste your money .
 First off , I would like to say that the customer service from AMAZON was FANTASTIC . The item , however , does NOT get the same review . I had the PBT-300 for just under a week and it quit working on me . I called Midtronics , was on hold FOREVER with their customer service department , just to be told to send the unit back and they would try to find out what was wrong . I sent it off today and who knows how long they will have it before I hear something about it . We 'll see .
 I bought both front and rear ... . they make a lot of dust like others have stated in their reviews . Also , they make noise and do n't come with grease .
 I thought this was a joke when it came , its tiny , very tiny . I mean for a deluxe its a waste of money . its like a baby toilet . my kids thought it was . really to call this a deluxe someone had to have been on wacky tobaky
 This was not worth the money . The description of the product glorified what it really was . The old one I had was 10 times better . This is cheaply made and I am sure would not have lasted very long . Returned it the next day . Annabelle
 I 'm sure the cable is fine provided it is bundled with matching product . It 's heavy duty for sure , but it did not match up with the Sunforce solar charging unit I purchased with it -LRB- which I did since it was a recommended bundle and I needed to extend it further -RRB- . I ended up cutting the cord on the Sunforce charging unit I bought and patching in my own extension wire .
 I installed this pump on my 2000 wrangler , and it had a small leak from the start . It was a small enough leak that I kept putting off replacing it for over a year , only leaking maybe a quart every 2,000 miles . Lately though it started leaking much faster so I finally got around to replacing it with an AC Delco water pump . After removing the Bosch pump I could feel some play and roughness in the shaft ; the pump was shot after 15 months and 13,000 miles . Not what I expected from Bosch.I would recommend buying a OEM pump from the dealership , or if you are cheap like me get an AC Delco pump off of the internet
 the attachments are for a larger metal ball than is present on my undercover tonneau cover and the screw-off attachments have larger size threads/post than the attachments on my previous lift support
 This mirror shakes and vibrates constantly while driving at 25 mph and over . Cheaper than OEM but quality not even close . Buy this if you can handle the annoyance of the vibration . Buy OEM if you ca n't .
 Installed fine . The mirror glass itself vibrates a lot . First time I used the heated mirror option glass cracked in half . I personally do not recomend buying this spend more money for other products .
 These , like K&N ; filters , are junk.They will not offer any real world gains -LRB- milage or performance -RRB- and will let in more dirt . Your MAF sensor will get dirty and cause problems.Stick with the basic paper filter please . < -- Former Auto Tech . -LSB- ... -RSB- Here 's the important paragraph : Well there is a clear pattern on filtration ability compared to both flow and the type of filtration media used . The `` high performance '' cotton gauze and foam filters do not filter as well as some have claimed . I actually received an e-mail from K&N ; stating their filters filter within 99 % of the OEM filters . This may be true , and 1 % may not sound like much . I contend that 1 % over many miles , may be important . Really , it is up to each individual to decide . The poorer flowing filters , remove more particles , and the better flowing filters remove less particles . If you think about it , that conclusion passes any and all common sense tests , so it is not surprising . There are many that will be shocked by the results , that should not be though . I 've used high performance filters in the past , and I might again in the future . At the same time , I know that the stock OEM type filters perform very well in filtration and do n't inhibit flow nearly as much as some think .
 Length :
 The item online does not any manufacturers identification on the face of the gauge.i was not expecting this to be on the item but it was not what I was looking for .
 After removing the plastic covering the headlamp , realized that it arrived with a large crack in the middle of the light . By that time I had removed my grill , side lights and old headlights ... Very frustrating especially given the prior review warning about this defect . Buyer beware !
 This is not necessarily related to the functionality of the tow hook , rather it is an issue with the shipping/handling aspect of how business is done . This is the third product in as many weeks that was obviously not new , missing instructions , and missing vital pieces . Amazon and/or Rugged Ridge , or whomever is responsible for shipping the products is getting sloppy . I am disappointed with the quality of service overall .
 I received this hitch and it bolted on very easily and appeared to be a very well made hitch . Well what I did n't know prior to ordering this hitch is that Curt requires you to use a supplemental towing strap in order to use this hitch with a hitch mounted bike rack . That is a deal breaker for me . 1 -RRB- I bought this specifically to avoid mounting straps onto the paint of my car , 2 -RRB- This is the ONLY major brand that requires this so it leads me to believe that they are not as durable as other brands since they require you use additional straps just to maintain your warranty.Sorry Curt , I 'm not falling for it .
 Tint is good quality , is marked properly , but I ca n't use it since the tint was creased when it was packaged . I ended up buying local tint and using this as an expensive template .
 I have a chevy truck and they kept sending hooks for a jeep , finaly refunded my money . -LRB- I hope -RRB-
 You dumb asses advertized a product mud flap that says
 The quality of this product is questionable . The starter has a very high pitch when in use , did not disengage completely .
 I bought two of these locks . Within seconds one broke after the other . The weak link in the design , the lock housing is plastic . The plastic lock holds the metal pieces together . This lock should never be sold . I am disappointed in Amazon and Bully . The locks I received do not look like the one above . It is cheap . The model number matches LH-004 , no where does the word `` pilot '' appear on the package . This lock does NOT fit a Ford F150 92 ' well enough to say it is compatible . This lock is the worst piece of junk I 've have yet to buy over the internet . It should be pulled from the market .
 It was good while it was working well , until it started to leak fluid through the fins . Took me a while to figure out why the whole front end of my Xterra is covered in transmission fluid and on the ground . Turns it was this cooler leaking . Not sure why , must be defective . It worked for two months . Now I have look for a different cooler .
 i bought this product recentlly no more than 2 weeks ago and it only lasted one ride before snapping again
 Would not recommend this product . Rusted after the first few times it got wet and wore out very quickly . Junk
 Needed this for equipment touch ups . Used 1/4 of can , spray nozzle stopped spraying , tried everything to unplug and gave up threw can away .
 If you drive a race car you may want these . If you drive a truck , they lasted around 15,000 miles on my truck . IN THE REAR ???? My other pads lasted 60,000 . at less than half the price and they are rear brakes so there is no `` considerable difference '' . Performance yes , I guess . Practicality ... uh , NO .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 This refrigerator is cute and that 's about all . It does n't cool at all and it is EXTREMELY small , much smaller that the description made it sound to me . I 'm asking for a full refund . It 's a shame because it was a Christmas gift for my daughter .
 this product did not work fot me.i installed them and fill them with grease and could not get the grease gun off of the grease nipple.i pulled so hard the bearing protector broke . i had a seal , spring and a clip laying in the street . i still have the other part with nipple stuck to my grease gun .
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 This item came to me used and broken . I was highly unsatisfied with it . I Could not understand how something like that was even sent out . How-ever the passenger side mirror came new and I was pleased with it .
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 Cover is fine - a little on the cheap side . I live in So . Cal so not much weather to deal with , do n't know if this would hold up to anything serious . Happily that 's not a problem here in paradise ! Cover is pretty small , but so is my car -LRB- Toyota MR2 -RRB- . Good fit for a two seater , if your car is any bigger you 'll want a bigger cover than this.UPDATE
 So far so good , using it as a simple dust cover for a garaged auto.I ordered two sedan length up to 13.1 ft. , problem is ... I received one as ordered and the second one was not sedan length , it was the smallest size like for a sports car .
 Cover design was fine , held on during windy summer days . Takes less than 2 minutes to put on or take off.After a month , though , the cover started feeling powdery and gradually began to tear easily , just by lifting it against its own weight . This is while stored in a suburban driveway in the SF Bay area and removed 1-2 times per week.Coverking 's response
 Sent me the wrong mirror , then wanted me to pay to send it back plus restocking fee . I e-mailed and they apologized and said they would send a mailing label . Never got it .
 This intake for the dodge durango 4.7 L was a joke form the time I took it out of the box . Took out the stock air box and was ready to install this one in my car and come to find out it does n't even have a hole on the intake for the air/temp sensor . So I called up Volant and these guys are completely clueless they told me that they knew about this problem and said I could send it to them and they could drill into the intake and make a spot for the sensor and and send it back to me . They also said I had to pay for shipping there and back what a joke !!!
 I like K&N products and had one of their kits on my '98 Durango . It worked great . I decided to put this on my '07 Ram Hemi . Big mistake . The noise level of this design is ridiculously LOUD . I tried it for 4 days and took it off . I went with their replacement filter instead . Returning it was no problem .
 Seams like it should work , and add Horse Power ! It did n't do anything but add lots of noise for me . I could n't tell any difference in power . It did rattle everything on my truck as it is very loud . Returned to Amazon without issue . Amazon rocks !
 The kit was delivered in a couple days . Many thanks for processing my order so fast.The kit was easy to install . It took about 2 hours to remove and install the kit.The kit gave the engine a more powerful sound and that was about it . I was hoping to get a little better gas mileage from my 2005 Ram 1500 5.7 Hemi truck . Before I installed the kit , I did a run down the highway . Reset my mpg after I got to 60mhp and ran for 25 miles . Did the same thing after installing the kit and I lost 2 tens of mpg . Both runs were with a full tank of gas and used the cruise control.I really ca n't see any improvements in the performance of my truck .
 The package shipped very quickly.The mats fit well the Audi A4.I had to return them though for the following reasons : - the color was not as in the Amazon picture -LRB- they were dark gray instead of light gray - I chose `` Charcoal '' color -RRB- - there was no means to attach them to the holders on the car 's floor - in the picture there are some holes that are not present on the mats .
 Well I thought this would be a smart charger , instead I find it lacking , The writing under the lights is so small its hard to read especialy if is not in bright light . The charger does not cut of it the fan still blows even thought the charge is full , There is no off button to stop it you can only unplug it and watch all the lights flicker to all the power has gone out of it , why can it have a 2,10,15 , and off selection , And when it fully charged a battery after hooking it back up to just let it maintain it begain to over charge a full battery and not want to stop when it shold have read full and cut of . It has no ablility to show any fault codes like battery is bad etc
 At first I was satisfied with this charger -- but now it will show like a 68 percent charge on the meter , but when it is unplugged , and reconnected it will show a 100 % charge . the meter seems more for show than factual input . -- Not to happy about that . why put it there , if it does n't work properly ? How do I get my money back ? And why is my negative review not being posted ?
 After a call to Schumacher today , I felt it in the interest of potential buyers to be very careful about application of this product . It is NOT a `` marine '' battery charger . By marine , I mean one that can be used aboard a vessel -LRB- ship , boat -RRB- that is in the water . It does NOT have isolation and you will make a battery out of your entire vessel and what will suffer is your underwater metal fittings . A proper marine grade -LRB- isolated -RRB- charger will cost more initially , but is much less expensive than a new prop or a sunk vessel due to a thru-the-hull metal fitting being eaten away . Just a note of caution .
 I ordered this product mainly because of the high rate of positive reviews . I own several Battery Tenders for my motorcycles but needed a charger that can charge at a higher rate than 1.25 amp . I had hopes this is the one!Upon receiving the charger I found that is looks nice but on closer examination the casing is poorly made , uneven , with a flimsy extending handle on top , and with a hard to use storage compartment -LRB- once you open the cables -RRB- . It also lacks an on/off switch but this is not unique to this product.The fan works all the time -LRB- it does not kick in only when the temperature climbs -RRB- and it is VERY noisy and not very reassuring . I have to wonder how long it will last . When you unplug the charger the digital display is a spectacle of blinking/flickering lights -LRB- probably the capacitors -RRB- ... also not very reassuring.However the most surprising thing was that according to the charger display , and after testing with different types and sizes of batteries , it routinely charges the batteries at 15.8 - 16.1 volts . This was confirmed by measuring independently with a voltmeter . This is very high . All current and prior chargers I had were around 14V . Maybe this one uses a different algorithm that may explain this , but it does make me worry a bit.As for quality , other than the quite flimsy look and feel , the first unit I received refused to switch automatically to a the maintenance mode . I easily got a replacement from Amazon -LRB- Thanks ! -RRB- which does switch to the maintenance mode . However , even this unit takes its time to enter the maintenance mode and despite reporting 100 % capacity it may take the unit a long time to switch to maintenance.The charger is supposed to be automatic , but it does not detect the type of battery it is connected to so that you have to set it yourself to the type of battery as well as to the size of the battery and make your decisions as to the rate of charge . From an &#34; automatic &#34; charger I would have expected more .
 Having bought this used online for a good price might have been not such a good idea . The product seems to have some issues with keeping the accurate reading for percent battery is charged . I need to unplug it and plug it in again to get it to read correctly.Also , a short while after I got it , it started making a sound like the fan was out of whack . I noticed when I lay it on its back it helps but now and then I have to smack it to get it to stop.Wish I new if there was a fix to this.Otherwise it seems to charge just fine.Cheers , Joe
 I am about to receive my thrid charger in the less than 2 years ! The fan starts making noise then dies and the charger over heats and dies shortly thereafter . Charging a deep cycle trolling mottor battery ... nothing special ! On a bright note , the Schumacher customer service department is easy to deal with once you get to them -LRB- 10-15 min wait on hold everytime -RRB- . I had a different Schumacher charger that lasted over 15 years ... this is pure junk . Do n't waste your time or money !
 This charger either under or overcharges batteries . I tried it on 3 different batteries and found that it could not be trusted to properly charge the battery and then go into float mode . I returned it to Amazon . At least Amazon makes returns painless and even pays the return postage .
 this is another &#34; smart &#34; battery charger that will not charge a battery that needs charging . if the battery that i want to charge is less than 10 volts this charger will not charge at all.the whole point of a charger is to charge batteries that are low or dead . this one will do neither .
 do not buy this product , use only 2 times and already damage , take a hammer and in particular bits of anger and helplessness I had the need to charge a battery in time of emergency and the unit is not served , with only 2 uses , is a real waste
 So I purchased a Optima battery and I wanted a AGM compatible charger , so I purchased this . It did charge up a brand new Optima cell on the AGM mode , but here 's the bad before the good , because there is simply more of it.CONS
 This charger worked great for the most part . I have had the problem where it gets stuck at 85 % and keeps running . When I disconnect it and reconnect it it reads 100 % . Lately it started looking like it was charging but it was n't charging . There is a relay internally that is undersized for 15 A and it had a burned out lead . I repaired it and now it works like it used to . It is really sad that this potentially great product is cripled by some cheap componenents.I also have had the fan problem with it being really noisy . I peeled the sticker off the fan and put some Lube-One lubricant in it and now it works fine.Like I said , this is a great charger when it is n't broken .
 So after reading the great reviews here I bought this item at Wal-Mart and took it home to charge my deep cycle marine batteries.Worked fine for about an hour , then I noticed that it seemed to be stalled at 85 % charge . I did some more internet reading and discovered that this is a common problem with this unit , the readout stalls at a given percentage and never changes unless you unhook it and rehook it to the battery . I did that and instantly the readout changed to 100 % . So now I know for a fact I can never trust my brand new charger to tell me when it 's done charging.And worse , despite being 100 % charged the unit never switched over to trickle charge . So despite being billed as a `` smart '' charger it 's just a normal full power charger that will boil your battery dry if you leave it hooked up too long . Why spend $ 45 on something that a $ 10 charger will do?Not only is it junk , the packaging is a complete lie as well . Now I know and you can bet your sweet cajones I 'll never buy a Schumacher anything again .
 Some AGM batteries specified charging voltage of no more than 14.4 V , but this charger will go up to 15.6 V , and it stays at 15.6 V for about 50 % of the maintenance mode pulses.This is way too overvoltage and could damage your battery , shorten the lifetime of it . I found it out the hard way.Protect your AGM battery , be careful when you choose your charger , just because they `` said '' it 's for AGM , does n't mean it 's always 100 % fool proof .
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 Buyer beware !! I contacted Optima and was informed that Amazon is not authorized to sell these batteries online . Optima will honor their warranty , but it is up to the local dealer in your area if they decide to work with you or not . Rest assured , these batteries will need replacing , despite the expensive price . The battery I bought was used in a Tahoe Q8 22 foot boat . The boat was used 6 times in 2 years -LRB- battery was on a battery maintainer/charger the entire time the boat was not in use -RRB- . Currently , the battery is down to 12 volts -LRB- this is almost completely discharged , according to an Interstate dealer here in Las Vegas -RRB- . Maybe I just got a bad one , but I would recommend buying a battery locally , even if it is more expensive . You will have less of a headache later on when your battery needs service/warranty/replacement . Just to clarify , a 1.25 amp battery maintainer was used on this battery the entire 2 years I have owned the battery.UPDATE 3/9/2011My local Interstate dealer determined the battery was bad -LRB- failed a load test miserably . -RRB- I received a free replacement -LRB- just under the 24 month free replacement time period . -RRB- Now , I have a new battery and a new 24 month free replacement warranty . Let 's hope this one lasts a little longer . As of now , not impressed with this battery , but we will give it another chance . Back on the maintainer it goes ...
 I bought this battery for my Jeep Wrangler about a year ago . I 'm not so sure I would recommend this because it ran down and I 'm having a real challenge getting it back to where is should be . I contacted Amazon and they would n't warranty it and told me to go to Optima for warranty/replacement . Of course that turned out to be a problem too because Optima wanted me to contact a dealer in my area . This is why I bought the damn thing from Amazon , there are no Optima dealers in my area . I would not recommend buying these batteries from Amazon because they will not warranty them . I give Amazon a two thumbs down as well as Optima . Obvious to me that Optima batteries are way over rated . Go with Interstate or Excide if you want a good battery with no hassles . If your looking for an additional boat anchor that 's over priced , here you go.One of the poorest batteries I have ever had and would not recommend it for any reason . This thing never did stay charged . You can get just as good from WalMart or KMart for about $ 80.00 plus getting it replaced is hassle free . Optima wake up .
 I just received this battery just a couple days after ordering it . It was shipped in a double walled cardboard box with extra cardboard on the sides . The only problem I would say is that one of the cut-out `` handles '' had ripped through.However the battery was very well protected and I would say at this point at least in my experience the packaging problems have been solved - order away.I ca n't comment too much yet on the battery - just installed it in my boat this weekend . Most people coming here already know about this battery , so I 'm focusing on the major complaint thus far - the packing.I ordered a second optima battery that has n't yet arrived . this one arrived in 2 days ! We 'll see when that one comes if it was packed the same way.UPDATE
 I spent close to $ 200 for this supposedly one of the best marine battery in market.After checking that the battery has been fully recharged , I took my girlfriend out to a local lake with some basic fishing gear . I am using Minn Kota C2-30 -LRB- the smallest trolling motor from Minn Kota -RRB- on a inflatable boat and I got 2 hours from this battery . I could not quite make it back to the marina so I had to paddle the last stretch . Walmart sells marine batteries for $ 70 ... . I am wondering if I should 've gone with them ... I am going to recharge it one more time and give it one last try . If samething happens , this is going back to Amazon .
 The blue top battery is a good product but the one I recieced from amazon was dead and didnt work . On top of that you are not allowed to return the battery so basicly if you dont own a charger you are screwed . amazon needs to put a phone number to call with concerns . I will never order a battery from amazon.com again . buyer beware
 Pros :1 . NONECons :1 . It was said before purchasing that it would fit my 2004 Mitsubishi Galant ES 2.4 and it did not .2 . Ended up returning it and was charged a return fee .
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 This does not hold as much as I thought it would . Purchased to hold items in the cargo area of my Smart car -LRB- if you have a Smart you know how things tend to roll around the back and fall into the crevice between the cargo area and front seat -RRB- but the soft sides flop over and do not hold samll items well . Only two grocery bags actually fit in this . It might be more efficient if it was not divided into two sections , but then it probably would be ven more `` floppy '' . The only way to keep the sides upright as in the picture is to fill it with items , as in the picture . This may be a good product for some uses but not for the Smart car .
 i ordred this product and it not what is pictured . what you get is a bumper hitch that mounts on bumper not on frame . i think its a false ad and they should picture the right style .
 I could n't find a replacement for my damaged cable on my Full size Jimmy . Tos is a nice cable . . if it only fit my firewall hole ! -LRB- How hard could it be ? -RRB-
 I was sold a set of these and was told it would fit my 2001 Triumph Bonneville with over 128,000 miles . I 've used AB steering head bearings before with great luck on Yamahas and Hondas . When I went to install them , it all went well until I had to drive the lower bearing onto the steering stem . It simply would n't budge . After doing a little internet research I discovered that several Bonneville owners have had problems fitting All Balls steering bearings . Some report of having to drive the lower bearing on with a pipe and sledge hammer for 90 minutes after freezing the stem and heating the bearings.Since I desperately needed to get my bike back on the road , rather than return the bearings for a refund , I used emery cloth on the steering stem and managed to get it to fit properly , but the machined tolerance for the lower bearing obviously was n't correct for my application . Even now , the bearings have required frequent readjustment as they continue to settle in . The fit obviously was n't right.When I contacted All Balls about the poor fit , they said they would `` defiantly look into it . '' Hardly a typo.As the host of the NTBF , I had to report to our hundreds of subscribers that All Balls bearings were unsuitable and should be avoided . For safety reasons , I 've also reported this incident to SEMA.If you 're installing All Balls bearings on your bike , be very careful to check the fit . A moderate amount of force to press the bearings on is normal . However driving them on with a pipe and a sledge for 90 minutes is a serious safety problem and you should return the bearings immediately before putting them on all the way .
 I got this product in a -LSB- ... -RSB- mystery box . On first glance it seems like it does n't do much . The suction cup on the back is pretty good for attaching it on the bottom of your monitor -LRB- but not for a laptop -RRB- . When you turn the on button the red on button lights up and a green light from the inside starts blinking -LRB- which is really annoying -RRB- . Also after the second time turning it on the red power indicator does n't work anymore . Does n't seem to do much immediately , if you hold it really close to your nose you 'll be able to smell the difference . Does n't make any sound , definitely not worth the -LSB- ... -RSB- advertised on Amazon .
 If you are replacing an exisiting car stereo this is the WRONG HARNESS . It has the male end connectors . Female end connectors are required .
 The material is thinner and less dense than the Subaru air filter it was replacing . Additionally , the rubber seal around the filter is just held on with glue and easily comes off when installing . The genuine Subaru filter it replaced had the seal fused around the edges and was obviously superior quality.You can use this filter in a pinch , but I 'd highly recommend theFram CA9113 Extra Guard Rigid Panel Air Filterinstead . Subaru often uses re-branded Frams for their `` Genuine Subaru '' parts anyway .
 Really overpriced does fit stock u have to trim some stuff to make it fit then on top of that it barely adds anypower i would recomend going stock everytime shitty product waste of money
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 WHAT A JOKE . NEVER HEARD FROM THIS SELLER . We sent two emails , left a phone message and never received a response , much less our item . I would recommend that you not waste your time placing an order with these folks because it takes too long to cancel once you never hear from them.This in the first time we have ever had an issue ordering anything from Amazon , we are regular users . We hope to save you some frustration with this review .
 i bought the part i got it and it doesnt work i have emailded the company very very poor service i call like 50 times all i get is an aswering machie that says they are bussy helping other customers i have sent several emails no response i dont think amazon should let them sell on their web page
 Use caution when buying this part . Went to go replace the motor and found that the track system on the 2000 grand prix I was working on had a completely different design from what was shipped . Had to return part . Refund issued . Take a look at your door and make sure you have a single track design like what is picture here before you buy . I had a twin track design that was incompatible . Ended up buying the motor from a local parts store for $ 2 more .
 I 've been using this power adapter for a week and now the fan is rattling real loud . I do n't know how much longer this plastic crap is gon na last . It 's keeping my laptop charged for now , but for how long ?
 I have come to the conclusion that many DC to AC car inverters are poorly made . I purchased one from a franchise car parts place , and then one from Walmart -- they were all operated within power ratings -- and the both bit the dust very quickly . So on my third I decided to buy a trusted name -- Belkin . I have other Belkin products and have learned they are more durable and perhaps a little more pricey but worth it.I bought this power inverter from Amazon . And ... . It was out of the box noisy . Actually there were two levels of noisy -- lower noisy but still tolerable -- and screechy noisy indicative of tolerances being too close . I noticed in the morning after a colder night when the unit may be a little warped it was a bad screech -- unbearable . Fingernails down chalkboard screechy . I also noticed if I hit the unit on the side the fan screech would settle down to the lower noisy but tolerable level . This morning it was colder again . I turned the unit on and it was screeching at me . And I hit the unit on the side and acrid electrical type of smoke came puking from the side . Reminded me of the Mission Impossible video that shows the fuse burning . And then beyond the smoke there were actually flashes of light that suggested flame . I whipped the plug out of the lighter and I could n't believe my car fuse did n't blow on my Corolla -LRB- that fuse replacement requires you to do the limbo under the steering wheel -RRB- . OK ... OMG ! What the hell ? This is my purgatory . Ca n't I find a decent DC to AC converter ? When I went to the store today I was willing to pay 100 dollars for quality . Did n't care . I ended up buying a 4500 watt DIE HARD converter from Sears for about 50 dollars . Absolutely quiet as a church mouse sleeping on the back pew . I mean recording studio quiet.In fairness to the Belkin folks ... perhaps mine was defective . Perhaps I should n't be tapping the side of the unit to attempt to fix inherent noise problems . Perhaps the quiet church mouse had climbed into the unit and shorted the thing out . Ok . Blame me . But still this is what happened .
 This worked for all of one minute before the fan started wigging out ! I 'd bought this as a gift but by the time it was opened and tested it had been too long to return it : -LRB-
 The fan in our unit whirred fairly loudly to begin with , but also buzzed and rattled so loudly that you had to constantly tap it , shift its position , etc. , to stop the buzzing.I gave up eventually , and bought a different unit from a local Radio Shack , halfway through our road trip . This unit did have a quietly whirring fan which could be drowned out by the radio , iPod , etc. , and I can live with that .
 I got this unit to provide power to several devices while on the road . Unfortunately it has blown fuses in ever vehicle -LRB- at least the 3 I 've tried -RRB- . It 's the fuses in the car , not on the unit itself . So a box of fuses later , I have yet to be able to get it work .
 I bought this 300 watt inverter to to charge battery , but I realized it was n't chargeing . I checked voltage output and it was only giving me around 90 volts AC .
 After that experience , I replaced the fuses in the auto for the power outlets and tried it again , but now unit was dead.The only item plugged in was a DELL Laptop Computer.I have not had time to pursue returning it as defective , but need to do so .
 It works , but very , very noisy , like a hair dryer.I can not even hear my wife talking while it 's on though some people may enjoy that feature .
 Got this item yesterday and plugged it in . Was very impressed at first . The temperature indicator was showing rapid temperature decrease finally down to 45 degrees . This was inside a 78 degree home . Ok , I then put a thermometer inside the unit and closed it up for an hour . The external display showed 41 but the thermometer I placed inside was showing 52 . This is all done inside a 78 degree home . I 'm more inclined to believe my thermometer then the display . I placed 3 chilled 16oz water bottles inside and left them overnight . Took them out in the morning and they where cool , but not cold . The 32 degree claim on the box is pure puffery in my opinion . The 40-45 degree drop from ambient temperature is also was not confirmed in my test . I 'm returning this unit . It is n't going to ` cool ' anything to near the advertised claims .
 I know I was not the only one to be misled by the product discription , and when I contacted the seller about the ` missing wall plug ' all I got was the runaround . Be aware this item only comes with the auto-plug feature , the optional wall plug is only if you buy it seperately , that is , if you can find it.The fridge comes with a temperature display that has never worked , the cup holder is a cheap , roughly hewn soda-can holder that flips open akwardly from the top of the front panel.I have also found the fridge to be miserably under-powered . ALL it will do is lower the ambient temperature of the room slightly , and if you place items in the fridge that are n't pre-chilled , you 're wasting your time if the mini-fridge is n't kept in a briskly-chilled room or car.If ever I was to regret a purchase , this is definitely it.To note , I have not tried using the warming feature .
 I do not know where to begin.I bought this to replace a similar older Wagan I got from Costco 5 yrs ago . That one used to hold 6 small water bottles standing up -LRB- 8.25 '' height each -RRB- . This one is a piece of junk . The same water bottles do not fit anymore . It slopes down towards the front , so it is much shorter.I have no idea who could have designed this , they probably never seen a plastic water bottle before.I guess the product photo showing the cooler open with the content exposed is the way it was designed for.The whole thing is plastic . The top has a useless cushion.The latch is so cheaply made , it pop up and leaves the fridge open.I have to keep scotch tape on it.The front face does not seem to be mounted securely.Does not come with AC adapter , so I bought a Black & Decker adapter for $ 17 at Walmart , and it looks like it can easily outlast the cooler.It is very under powered , the manual says reaches 34 deg , yes if you place the cooler in you fridge.Stay away from this , it is a disappointment .
 The frig arrived in perfect condition and looks very nice . It however does n't keep contents with in refrigerator safe zone even with ambient air of 64 degrees . I was hoping it would do a little better than just 15 degree cooling power . It 's also a pain to have to keep remembering to unplug it BEFORE you restart your vehicle every time you stop . All in all , I 'd say it 's of limited use .
 Took the first one back since it would n't cool below 49 degrees . The second one first started cooling and then started heating when the switch was set for cool . Cute design , too bad they do n't work . Save your money and time -- do n't bother getting one . Deceptive descriptions all around . Overall NOT a good product at all .
 I was extremely disappointed in this product ! The fridge quit cooling after just 2 hours and never cooled properly after that ruining my insulin supply while away from home !!! Several days later it starting cooling again and then quit . VERY UNRELIABLE !!! Do n't waste your money !!!
 This product does work and it does what it says it does . However , a cooler works much better and is cheaper . The heater function does work . I do n't use this anymore and actually am selling it because I use my lunch box more .
 Bought this for my husband to keep in his work truck . It did n't keep anything cold , and the motor died in it within 2 months .
 Well , this really did me no good.First of all , if your food is n't at the desired temperature when you place it into the fridge/warmer , then you can forget it ever achieving that temperature . Personally , the word `` cooler '' is a better description for this product.Secondly , the thermometer is inaccurate . It read 35 degrees when there was absolutely no way it was cooler than 60 degrees . This can actually be dangerous as some perishable items can spoil if not kept under a certain temperature.Lastly , it burned out on the third use . On a road trip , my boyfriend and I wanted to take sandwiches and sodas to cut down on the pitstops . Well , we started smelling something that resembled cigarette smoke . This was odd to us since neither of us smoke and our windows were closed . Our first concern was the engine . Then , just to check , we unplugged the fridge . The car adaptor had burned out , making the fridge completely unusable . Not only did we have to deal with warm sodas , but the car smelled awful for the rest of the trip.Suggestion
 I got this kit for my audi a4 b5 and it makes performance worse ! believe it or not this intake kit makes your performance worse simply because the air filter is in the open and its sucking up all the hot air thats coming from inches away which is the exhaust manifold . the exhaust is inches away from the intake causing it to suck in extremely hot air hence decreasing performance ... save your self the trouble and just stick with the stock intake
 The item appeared to be nice but too wide for my truck . Amazon 's vehicle lookup stated that it would fit my truck but it would n't . Called manufacturer and they agreed that Amazon 's database was incorrect .
 I bought this for my son , to go with another item that I ordered . It should never have been sold to go with the first item I bought him , they goofed bigtime . I bought somekind of jack . i do n't remember what it 's called , but it needs a heavy chain , not this cheap strap ! Big waste of money , sending it back .
 I purchased this tow strap specifically for pulling a stump of a 15 '' cedar tree that had fallen over in my yard -LRB- with half of the root cluster unearthed -RRB- and the strap snapped in half on the second pull . The strap probably works well for its intended purposes but it is not recommended for pulling stumps .
 The hooks bent on the first tow of a compact car , this could have ended very badly . I only needed to use this recently and unfortunately the return window is closed now . Steer clear of this product , spend a couple bucks more on a higher quality strap . The seller should be ashamed to peddle such swill and advertise it as 10k pounds .
 I have owned many tow ropes before and abused them leaving in the boondocks . This rope broke on a regular tow within the first 10mins of use . Do not perches this rope there many better ones out there for a better price .
 I 'm not sure what it was supposed fit but I could n't get it to line up with my cover . I have an 04 5.9 Cummins I just used RTV instead .
 I bought this item last December 2012 for my 2000 Chevy Blazer 4.3 L V6 . Only less then 10 km run , the wire and the cap got burned and melted . Do n't buy it , made in china and very low quality .
 Item in the picture shows the eurobar . The one you get does NOT have it.Quality of product is not that great . Steel tubing metal thickness is really thin . It dented using a RUBBER hammer to tap for alignment.Had to drill a third hole in mounting brackets because the two that are there do not hold the guard well no matter how tight the bolts are.Steel plate that holds the lights is really thin . I might have a problem with it flexing when I mount my Hella 4000 lights.I am not happy with this at all and would NOT recommend this to anyone .
 Though my cell phone was listed this did n't work . You get what you pay for !
 I bought a Remote Start System and it does not work . The switch is always conductive on both positions . The system can not be programmed . The instructions are inconsistent from the booklet and their pre-recorded tech support message . The CD does n't provide any useful information . They do n't grant warranty if you bought it from on-line . -LRB- even they do , you still have to pay $ 20 ! -RRB-
 I was given this product by my brother-in-law . I let it sit in the garage for several years before we decided to install it in my brothers 1989 dodge caravan . In 1989 , the vehicle wiring is very simple , not like today 's cars and trucks . We spent about 6 hours installing it . We took our time , following the manual page by page . When we were finished , the key pad would n't even program to the remote box . We watched the video , checked with tech support , and the only thing they told us over and over was , check the ground . We did an ohm reading on the ground , and we were grounded perfectly . They have no trouble shooting for the key pad . We then went to the store and spent a few dollars more than what this one cost 's , and bought a Bulldog security unit . Since we had already ran most of the wiring , it took us only an hour to install the Bulldog unit . We did upgrade for the key-less entry also , which is why it took us another hour to install it . It worked perfectly , every function worked like a charm , oh yeah we used the same ground as the Boa . The Boa remote start system , now makes for a perfect paper weight on my desk . Thank you Boa , for teaching me a very important lesson . You get what you pay for . I may not have paid for it , but I wo n't be telling my brother-in-law what a piece of do-do he gave me . Thank You
 This belt is solid and appears to be built well but after only having this installed for a couple days it started squealing . I 've tried tightening the tensioner , loosening the tensioner and applying belt dressing and still it squeals . I think the surface coating or the material the belt is made out of is just not as well made to grip the pulleys or as pliable as the stock belts . I was warned on the Altima forums that I should avoid these belts and spend the extra cash on the Goodyear Gatorback belts and now I know why . I would not recommend these over something better like the Gatorback belts but they will work for a DIYer on a tight budget .
 The gasket is not useable because it is not one piece , but 4 separate pieces glued together -LRB- the gasket will break with the heat and pressure from the transcase -RRB- . I ordered two , and regretably installed one on my car -LRB- will have to take it out and replace it with an one-piece gasket -RRB- . The second one was already broken from the glued points as I was opening the box . I had to return it for refund . I called Fram to find out if this is a new design , and was told that Fram never manufactures a gasket like that . I do not know where could Amazon have gotten it . It has patches on the boxes to cover a suffix `` A '' on the model #FT 1220 , i.e. , FT1220A.Buy it from your local auto parts store so you can see it and verify it 's a one-piece gasket .
 AMAZON HAS THE WRONG PICTURE . The picture is a Bosch Distributor cap for an old-timey 1970 's or 80 's care before electronic ignition . The PART DESCRIPTION is a WINDSHIELD WIPER BLADE , NOT A DISTRIBUTOR CAP . I am hoping I get a wiper blade , not a cap . Thanks for correcting please .
 Did n't work from the start . Ended up putting in the old one as just one of the prongs was a little bent and just had to bend it a little to get high fan to work . Relay is for fan motor , fan did not work on any setting .
 On the advice of a friend , I replaced my Toyota Tacoma 's manual transmission gear oil with this Royal Purple Max . From the start , I encountered poor shifting and excessive gear noise . After two months the shifting got so bad , I opted to replace it with the previous gear oil I was using -LRB- Redline MT90 -RRB- . Now my shifting is back to being easier , with the gear noise gone ... For the price of this oil it should have performed better than it did - I was very disappointed .
 I bought the 75W-90 for my W56 manual transmission in my 1987 Toyota Pickup a long time ago . At first nothing much changed , then it got harder to shift into first and reverse gears . I soon sold the truck to my cousin , cause I had bought a Tacoma and needed the money . Apparently my cousin , had to change out the transmission , cause he was complaining he was `` losing gears '' . From what I 've heard from other Toyota 4x4 enthusiasts , the synchronizers in the transmission require some friction in order for you to engage into whatever gear you 're wanting . Seems that Royal Purple 's gear oil is a little too slick for at least , a Toyota transmission.I 've now got a 1987 Toyota 4Runner and I 'm going to spend my money on Redline 's MT-90 gear oil , since I 've heard so many good things about it from other Toyota enthusiasts .
 This door handle broke within a week . The retainer for the center pivot was plastic and snapped off . Also the plastic insert for the metal actuator rod was so loose the rod would slip out . This replacement door handle is n't even close to being as sturdy as the original door handle . I am very disappointed .
 Part fit great , and looked almost identical , sorry to say , it is a cheaply made part and broke within 45days . BEWARE !
 Unfortunately there is no `` Contact Seller '' option this item , maybe that should have been a clue ?! I have purchased remanufactured/refurbished items mny times before but never have I received anything like this . I opened the box only to find an alternator that looks like as if it just had been pulled from a 15 year old car . The entire piece is covered in dirt grime and oil , it has not been cleaned and doe not appear to have any new parts -LRB- e.g. rear bearing -RRB- other than a shiny new pulley . I have not yet installed it so it might as well be in working order , which i expect it to be since it probably has been tested before being sent out . I just really would have expected it had been thoroughly cleaned -LRB- de-greaser -RRB- before being sent to a customer as part of the `` remanufacturing '' process.If the seller reads this please feel free to contact me.UPDATE : Installed the alternator only to find out the pulley it came with is too narrow for my belt , I exchanged it with the pulley of my old alternator , no problem . Started truck and guess what ... it 's not charging the battery , no power output from this item . Checked my wiring , measured voltage on battery and on alternator posts - nothing . Already processed the return label , irony is they will receive the broken alternator back much cleaner than they sent it to me since I cleaned it thoroughly before installing .
 I really like the Gatorback product , but the 4060660 model does not fit a 2001 Pontiac Grand Prix with the 3.8 liter engine and supercharger . It needs another 10 mm or so , which is why I bought the Dayco 5060665 . Lesser quality , but it fits .
 I have a Compact Armada 1400 Series of notebook computer . I bought one of these converters thinking I could connect it to a 12 volt power supply . One that is used to start cars by plugging into the cigarette lighter . I was hoping to get several hours of service while I was on my 14 hour flight to Japan . It did not work for me , either with the portible power supply or plugged into my car lighter . There was just not enough amperage to power the AC to DC converter that plugs into my computer . Maybe it works on computers that require less than one amp of power .
 I bought the old model of this that offered with it a nice rebate . Unfortunately , without testing the product I sent in the UPC barcode . THE NEXT DAY I tested it and realized that it made a loud whistling sound , and meanwhile the standard fan noise is quite excessive.I contacted the rebate company well before they received my letter with the rebate materials -LRB- and before processing -RRB- asking if they could send it back to me . Even with emails and finally speaking to a customer rep on the phone , they would not budge and said it could not be sent back to me once received.Meanwhile , now my only recourse is to ask for a replacement -LRB- of this CRAP product -RRB- from Belkin , and yet even if it 's proven defective I have to pay for the return shipping.Buy at your own risk !!!!!!
 It never worked for me - if I had paid more I would really be upset . It says China on it , so what did i expect ? When the top goes on the bottle of water it is supposed to seal , but the inside of the top is all bent up and could never seal . Waste of good time ordering it ! And it would be even more of waste trying to get it replaced . Glad some of the reviewers got working models !
 The pump failed before one jug of water was dispensed.However , before it failed , it performed quite well as advertised .
 This pump only works when the bottle is full . Once the level goes down , the amount of work you spend to fill a kettle will qualify as a cardio workout . Do n't waste your money , even if it 's just $ 3 .
 The plastic is of very cheap quality not a healthy option . Should not have bought it . I do n't recommend this product .
 It 's really really bad quality and does n't look clean out of the box , it looked like someone carved some parts to make it fit together . I see half cut plastic piece dangling inside.Shipping costs too much -- I wanted to return , but I wo n't get refund for the shipping , and the shipping costs more than the item .
 This is a very low quality item , pieces broke off right away . It says in the description that it fits most standard 5 gallon bottles , we have 2 different `` standard '' bottles , and it does n't fit either . The tube goes only 2/3 down the bottle , making it rather pointless . So , not a tight fit , pump part is very cheap and looks like it 's not going to last more than a month -LRB- I will definitely add to this review a few weeks from now -RRB- and it does not fit standard 5 gallon bottles . Do not waste your money on this , better put an extra $ 10-20 and get something decent .
 My manual Dolphin water pump arrived from GammaDiscount without instructions or use and care documentation -LRB- i.e. , how to assemble and sanitize , how to contact mfr for parts/problems , warranty -RRB- . There is a website on the outside of the box , but when you go to it , it 's primarily for sales with no customer support links . Perhaps it 's because the box I received appears to have been previously opened and it could be why the manual is missing , but the pump 's web site should also provide this information as well . I am very disappointed with this product . It is incredible that someone would be permitted to make -LRB- in Korea , with no North or South listed -RRB- , let alone sell these in the USA without ensuring that consumers receive info on how to clean and maintain something that comes in direct contact with their drinking water !
 Well first off I ordered this item thinking it was for a spark plug WRONG . It was for a small piece of shrink tube about 1 inch long . Hires the seller of the item gave me a return label and refunded my money -LRB- THANKS -RRB- that was really nice of them But I really wanted the spark plug .
 I had bad luck with aquiring a FRAM FILTER thru AMAZON -- I needed to purchase by SIZE , and not by the `` normal , enter you vehicle '' way ... THis is because I need it for a 1965 dodge Coronet , which doe n't have the factory engine in it , with an after-market air cleaner set up . . So knowing the size I needed , by MEASUREMENT , I sifted thru them , using AMAZON 's dimentions listed with each ... narrowed it down , again , by actual measements of the item . I wanted a 14 '' by 5 '' . . so I orderd one that was supposed to be like '' 14.5 by 5.3 '' ... what I received was a filter that was like '' 7 '' by 2.5 '' WAY OFF ... called it in , they tried again , and the same thing happened ... . SO , YOU CAN NOT GO BY THE MEASUREMENTS !!!!! Not sure how accurate the `` Enter Your Vehicle '' thing is ...
 They did n't send what was pictured ! I needed the elbow attached to the pcv valve more than anything ... all o reciever was the pcv valve , no elbow . NOT WHAT WAS PICTURED
 You should verify what is inside the box . Look at model # on the spark plug and the NGK website to make sure you received the correct spark plugs.I 've received 6 spark plugs today and 5 of the 6 are the wrong model . One is good as expected . The other 5 are cheap $ 3 plugs in NGK boxes with a printed label on them claiming they are PZFR5F-11 . I am not sure who would put a wrong label and why ?? I never had any problems with Amazon . I ca n't tell if they came from a different vendor . Very pissed off .
 I did n't know there was 2 sizes for Trailblazer 4.2 engine serpentine belt . Amazon did n't indicate a choice . I had to send belt back and pay return shipping . Bought different brand , that one worked . I will have to double check next time . I had to search other sites to find right belt .
 I purchased this Spectra condenser that was about $ 25 more than the TYC brand thinking it would be better quality . It looked good when I arrived , but that was the limit of the positives about this part . I took the drier out to see the quality . The desiccant bag was undersized for the application . So I replaced it with a new one and moved on . When I went to attach the intake hard line to the condenser the fitting would not even plug in and the bolt hole was off . After slightly trying to press the flanged o-ring connection into the condenser , the flange port on the condenser broke off . Once I finally got the condenser back out of the car a few quick measurements showed the port hole was undersize and the distance between the port hole and the bolt hole were off by close to 1/16 '' . There is no way it would have ever worked . I am not sure if this is a design flaw or a manufacturing flaw . Either way it should not have made it past QC and out of the factory.I returned this Spectra and bought a replacement TYC brand condenser for much less money and it fit perfectly with no issues . If you are trying to decide between Spectra and TYC , save some money and time and go with the TYC .
 I was looking for the wet 'n' wild pictured . I even called and they assured me it was it . When it came it was a different , smaller tube . Part of this is sportsstuff 's fault , they use the same model number with different sized tubes . The seller was n't super-easy to work with , since it was so large I 'd be paying a huge shipping fee , so I just kept it . It 's a great tube , shipped fast , too bad it was n't what I asked for .
 Just recieved my new K40 antenna and during installation discovered that the K40 is not what it used to be . My previous K40 lastedabout 23 years and had great range . This unit will not last as long . Even tho the design is the same , the quality of the parts are of a lot less cheaper quality . Would have returned it but needed it for a 4x4 trip that I was leaving on in 2 days . Had to repair the plastic in the base unit that attaches the antenna to it . This part used to be a very hard rubber type material , now it 's plastic . This new part was already cracked and had to be epoxied before I could install it . Also the old unit on my Jeep , I had it tuned with my SWR meter to at lot less lower number than I can get out of this new unit . The vehicle is the same , the radio is the same , the location and the mount is the same , but the number on the SWR meter is a lot less value on the new unit . So I 'm sure my range is a lot less also . Very unhappy with the overall quality of the unit . Would not recommend this new unit to anyone where I always did before .
 Im sure its a great antenna . It dont come with a whip and the one I got was obviously used and it has stripped whip set screw threads ... thanks a lot seller . Id send it back but I need it now so I 'll have to tap out the thread hole , find a new set screw and find a whip too.Ive been outfitting my car with a trunking scanner and a CB . Im faced with the most dishonest sellers ever lately . I would find someplace else to find mobile radio equipment if I were you , Im getting hustled left and right trying to buy this stuff . So , beware .
 The Whip was not included with the rest of the antenna . I am not able to contact the seller directly to see what happened with the whip . Now , I have to go through the trouble of returning the package .
 La compre hace una semana y aun no lo entregan en mi buzon de miami , ese mismo dia realice otras compras que ya estan en venezuela , quisiera saber porque se han tardado tanto.Este es mi productoK40 K-40 57.25 '' Base Load CB Antenna Kit with Stainless Steel Whip and Black/Red K40 LogoK40 K-40 57.25 '' Base Load CB Antenna Kit with Stainless Steel Whip and Black/Red K40 Logosaludos
 Antenna arrived in good shape with no noted damage . Open connection or short would not allow transmit or receiving . Radio tested with alternate antenna and works fine . I will go with a Wilson for my replacement .
 One of the other reviews was correct . This is NOT the correct bracket for my 2012 Chevy Malibu passenger wiper . I ordered Bosch Evolution per the Amazon application guide for the driver/passenger wipers . The Bosch Evolution 4842 is the correct driver side wiper , but this Bosch Evolution 4840 is NOT a GM application wiper . This wiper has a Valeo top lock connector that I think is an Audi/BMW application . The new GM wipers use just a top lock connector . They look very similar , and the wiper will actually start to slide into the wiper arm , but it wo n't go on all the way . Only then will you see that it 's not the right connector and ca n't go on all the way because the plastic housing for the swivel is in the way . I had to take the wiper off the driver side to compare the two to figure out why it did n't work . Then it 's obvious they do n't even resemble each other . The only thing in common is the wide mount that just happens to be able to fit part way onto the wiper arm . Here 's the Bosch url for the wiper arm types - examine the top lock and Valeo mounts - you 'll see they 're very similar , but incompatible
 Not worth the money . After about 2 months the wipers fell apart and started streaking very badly and this was before it even started snowing . Maybe the wipers reacted with the windshield washer fluid but I was totally unimpressed with this product . Your money is better spend buying standard wiper blades and replacing more often , no better mouse trap here .
 The wiper blade is probably good quality . Unfortunately , it is advertised to fit the 2011 Chevy Malibu . The Malibu requires a specific type of connector to the arm . This blade does not have the right type of connection . Do n't waste your time or money . Just go to Auto Parts store , spend $ 20 -LRB- per blade - huge ripoff -RRB- to get the blade you need .
 I sprayed this directly on my tires as the instructions state for the best shine ... waited 3 + minutes for it to dry and drove off . The material did not dry completely and the tires spun the tire gel all over the quarter panels and doors and it is extremely difficult to get off ... what a pain ! Additionally , the spray got all over the wheels , too , and then collected all of the brake dust making the tires ridiculously dirty !! I 'm trying to make the care look nice ... not add to my clean up and work . Did I mention how hard it is to remove ?? I had to use , literally , about 10 x the normal soap I would use to wash my car and had to empty and make a second batch ofsoapy water . NEVER again will I use this product .
 Tape needed to attach to vehicle was not adequate in size to properly attach the front corners.It was lacking about 2 inches where it curves around front mirror area . The most important spot to attach to vehicle and no tape . I was lucky I had some.You spend 40 dollars for 2 piece 's of extruded plastic and they skimp on 2 inches of tape . How smart is that ?
 I 'm giving this only one star for one simple reason . Milwaukee does n't include it with the tool for which it is intended . You have to buy the impact wrench and case separately . Furthermore , when you buy the impact wrench at a store , that store does n't even carry this case . So , until you just happen to accidentally stumble upon this case here on Amazon , like I did , your tool gets dinged up in your job box .
 Non-OEM parts sometimes just do n't work . This almost ruined the engine on my car . Beware ! As in reveiws of replacement parts ordered online you should expect them toot be of the quality as OEM parts .
 I ordered this because I knew my husband needed a new tire gauge . ok , I admit I am clueless about lbs or whatever but I do n't think this mistake is completely my fault . When I received the tire gauge I realized this is a Truck Tire gauge . It is clearly labeled on the package as a `` Truck tire gauge '' but not on Amazon ! Do n't make the same mistake as I did !
 WE BOUGHT THIS `` SET OF FOUR '' AND ONLY RECEIVED THE MIDDLE TWO PEDAL COVERS ! WHAT A RIP OFF ! THE SELLER TRIED TO BLAME AMAZON FOR IT . WE HAVE A 2001 MUSTANG , AND THEY DID N'T EVEN FIT , WE HAD TO CUT THEM TO FIT . PIECE OF CRAP !!!
 Well , it 's inexpensive , but is verrrry flimsy , uses thin materials and may not hang on too well with with thick sun visors , or if you have much more than a single document to include inside . The concept of having an item to do this job is good tho !
 The item broke within a week of having it . My son now has it all taped up with Duct tape but it 's just not the same. : -LRB-
 PFC Did not make these pads to FULLY work on the 2007 Nissan Versa . All four -LRB- 4 -RRB- OEM pads are tabbed and only 2 of these PFC pads are tabbed . So ... you can only use the inside pads if you buy this kit . No hardware comes inside this kit either . Yeah ... its a ripoff . You think Amazon would let me send back the unused portion of this order ?
 Just got the cushion in the mail today , so this is a preliminary review . In fact , I purchased two cushions , one for me , and one for a friend . First of all , I am five feet four inches tall , and weigh 162 pounds . The cushion , for even a smaller person like myself , is way too small -LRB- 16x14 .5 x2 -RRB- . The width -LRB- 16 inches -RRB- is barely wide enough , but the length is at least four inches too short , even for my short legs . With my spine back against the back edge of the cushion , the front edge ends about four inches from my knee joint . This abrupt end part way down the leg causes pressure points on the back of the legs - very uncomfortable.Also , the two inch thickness is just not enough , I could feel the hard chair surface beneath the cushion . When I stacked both foam cushions together , it felt much better . So a four inch cushion would work better for me - ca n't imagine a 200 pounder sitting on the two inch cushion.So here 's how I personally would redesign this product
 I bought this `` KIT '' and was shocked to find that it had only 4 pieces of the kit , which are useless on their own . After complaining to Amazon , they sent a new one , but I discovered that it was the same story ; the item is not as advertised . if you want to install this kit , you will need to buy -LRB- if you can find it -RRB- the missing shocks , springs , brackets and more . total cost will be more than the kit .
 Setting the clock is nonstandard and not intuitive . Clock has repeatedly changed settings spontaneously and sometimes had to be coaxed back to showing the time .
 The clock was not very big , and I was under the impression it was at least 2 '' in size . 1 '' is closer to the actual size , and getting the clock set is not very easy as the buttons are not very responsive to your touch . For the price , it is what you get for that price . If I could have seen the actual size , I would not have purchased it .
 I admit I bought one of these because it came in a good bag . But that was it . First , it took me more than a half hour just to figure out how to tie the straps . The D-rings connectors and instructions were a little confusing . When I finally tightened it on my car and put my boards in it , it just never really tightened down . There 's a long bumpy road to my break ... and the straps over the boards kept getting loose from the road vibration . Also , the front rack lifted in the wind and the back rack dented the roof of my car . I ended up tossing the rack in the back of my garage ... but the bag it came in is great for keeping wax and other stuff .
 On our former car -LRB- may it rest in peace -RRB- the rack worked well . However , on our current vehicle the straps slip , particularly in the front where the boards -LRB- in cases -RRB- are pushed upwards from the wind . The straps are designed to be cinched and held in place by the door . On our latest trip , I had to pull the straps from the inside to ensure it did n't loosen during transit . How annoying .
 These LCD lights are not even as bright as the incandescent set I changed out . My old lights were just as bright if not even a little brighter , so , it really was a waste of time and money for me to put these on . They look nice , but thats about it , no real improvement on brightness at all .
 I honestly have to say I am disappointed with this item . It is a German style helmet . It is wrapped on leather , but that 's about it . I can not even begin to understand how this company would expect a true biker to wear this thing . I took it out of the box and it looked like I put a painter 's bucket on my head . I know I ordered the right size because the fit is accurate and it definately is not just my opinion as my wife shares my sentiments . The DOT on the back of the helmet also appears like a regular sticker was just slapped on it .
 Autopartsway is a scam , they sent me a rectangle metal mesh that I ca n't do anything with . Does n't look like the picture , wo n't fit my vehicle , wtf . I am not going to put up with this !!
 We bought four of the 649-350 injectors through Amazon.com as a replacement to accompany an engine rebuild . Alright , we will admit - we got bit by the snake for $ 126.28 for the set . We will not be able to use any of them . A couple have physical damage -LRB- you would not be able to make an electrical connection due to the plastic being melted/deformed -RRB- - one had greasy black debris inside the discharge end , and a fourth one has a cracked nylon retainer for the o-ring . It is another one of the companies that needs to be labled as , `` buyer beware . `` So , a big fat 0 is our rating for Tom .
 Want to get two of these belts and they come from the same supplier but they want to charge $ 8 EACH to ship . Cmon guys !
 When I researched for what rear mat to get for my Ford f150 , this Part number 450052 was one of the results from my search . This is a warning to all that this rear Mat will only fit 2004 to 2008 Ford F150 SUPERCREWS and 2006 to 2008 Lincoln Mark LT. THAT IS IT ! The description does not say anything about that . I did not know this info until I received the product and noticed that was noted on the box . Amazon says it will fit my f 150 and It does not fit my 2006 extended cab . I am waiting on the seller to see if they will refund my purchase , will let you know how that goes .
 Once I got everything installed it looked good but getting to that point was an adventure . The Driver and Passenger brackets for the front were stamped DF and PF , but they were stamped on the wront brackets . Then the holes didnt line up . Because the holes didnt line up , the bolt was tilted in requiring smaller washers and you couldnt get a socket or box wrench on the nut . Also everything was supposed to be 1/2 '' , 5/8 '' and 3/4 '' , but the 1/2 '' stuff was actually 13mm . Overall just poorly engineered in my opinion .
 The description clearly states that it includes a relay and terminated wiring . it does not , it contains a DIY kit . The wiring kit described is sold for another $ 39 . Make sure you factor that in to your comparison.The lights are well made , although I am concerned about rust on the painted steel housing , the mounting is solid and the hard plastic covers fit good and snug.I did contact KC regarding the lack of described parts but they said it was my issue to take up with Amazon . If they will not stand behind their product from day one what will they do for the remaining 23 years of warranty ? I think I will return these and go with a leading brand .
 Low price but very cheap , it does n't fit in a Honda van , had to return it . Spend the money to get a better one !
 I had read the mixed reviews on this product but when Amazon had it featured as the `` Deal of The Day '' I went ahead and purchased it . I planned on using it on a recent four wheeling/camping trip out to Moab , UT.The first time I used the compressor it aired up 4 32 '' tires from 15 PSI to 35 PSI without a problem.Two days later it started sputtering on the second tire I was refilling . I turned it off and waited 5 mins . It started working again long enough to fill the 3rd tire to 25PSI and then the compressor stopped and the motor just spun without turning the compressor piston . I waited several mins and still no luck . I had to drive 40 miles back to town very carefully to keep from eating up my tire that had 15 PSI in it . It filled 61/2 tires and died.This product is simply not worth the money , especially if you have to rely on it like I did . Save your money and buy a better compressor . And of course , I got back home 3 days after Amazon accepted returns so I am stuck with a useless compressor .
 I have a friend of mine who turned me on to this compressor . He has had his for a year or more now and it works flawlessly . It is also very quiet . Not sure what happened with mine . It was noisy from the start , I thought it was the cage rattling or something , but now I 'm thinking there is a problem with the motor . The fuse holder burned completely in two from the over amp draw . I 've never filled up more than my 265/75/R16 tires from 15 to 35 on about four trail runs . Too bad , compressor worked great when it worked . Only had it 31/2 months .
 After this pump arrived I deflated one of my tires down to 9psi as I do for running in sand . While reinflating the tire back to 50psi the housing around the fuse began smoking . After a closer look I noticed that no only was it smoking but the wires running into the fuse were melting . It looks great and is packaged well but unfortunately the cable is not of the proper gauge to handle the amperage required by the pump . Also , the fuse should burn out long before the cable begins melting . Huge design flaw .
 I was extremely impressed with the compressor when I bought it . I used it twice and was very happy . On the third use , I noticed a strange smell . I then realized that the part of the power cord where the fuse is -LRB- where it 's supposed to blow the fuse instead of allowing an electrical problem -RRB- was on fire . Fortunately the problem happened in my driveway , not out on the trail . Being stranded by bad equipment is the WORST.The cord is melted through and unless I find a way to take the unit apart to replace the cord , the compressor is completely useless.Very disappointing . I 'd look elsewhere .
 The compressor comes with a nice two compartment bag . Each part of the bag is a bit tight . The first time I went to use the compressor , it was for my trailer wheels which were loaded . The tires already had 30psi in them , and the pump -LRB- connected to the battery with engine running -RRB- , could not inflate the tires . If the tire has no load , it can inflate it . I had to go to a service station to get the air pressure up , using one of those automated $ 1.00 / 3 minutes compressors . Disappointing . Nest time I 'd buy a cheapo at Walmart .
 This Compressor arrived dead out of the box with a blown fuse!This should have been a `` red flag '' to the person testing this prior to shipping?We replaced the blown out fuse with a known good fuse and this Compressor MV50 would still NOT power-on with a small load attached.We were only trying to inflate a standard auto tire a few pounds.We verified that the cables were attached properly with a voltage meter . + tested the replacement fuse to make sure it was not also blown.Even with the verified good fuse the Compressor MV50 would NOT power on under a small load.This compressor MV50 was a big headache and we returned it pronto !
 I bought this exact compressor from another vendor and it is a piece of junk.The compressor itself works , but the air hose is inferior.After my second use , the hose came apart . Very poor crimping on the part of the manufacturer.This product is made in China which explains the poor quality of teh product.I would not recommend this product unless you can get it for less than $ 20 , it 's not even worth that much .
 I used this to fill up the tires on two Jeeps from about 15 psi to 35 psi on 31 's . It worked fine doing that . Then a few weeks later I went to use it again , and it turned off after about 30 secs . I pulled the fuse , and it was melted . That 's not supposed to happen . I then pulled apart the entire compressor , and the compressor piston looked terrible . It looked like it was burning up grease , what little there was of it . And remember , this is after after about 30 mins of total use . There was also a lot of slop in everything , very poor quality.It worked now that I had replaced the fuse , so I went to use it again to fill up the tires on two Jeeps . After about the third tire on the first Jeep , it shut off . We figured it was a thermal overload , so we waited about 5 mins , and it turned back on and finished the last tire . Then I went to use it on my Jeep , and it worked for about 2 mins then shut off . I waited about 5mins , turned back on and it ran for about 10 secs and then never turned back on.So it was basically a waste . Do n't buy . I do n't know why I still have n't learned not to cheap out on stuff . Every time I do , it bites me in the butt . Now I 'll probably go out and buy a nice Viair one and toss this one in the garbage .
 Unfortunately I need to add to the negative reviews of this project . I just tried the compressor for the first time tonight . The motor turns over at high RPM but the pump is not turning . This failure right out of the box does not give much confidence in these units .
 Being stranded in the outback of Moab after my brand new SuperFlow compressor quit working after airing up 11/2 of 4 tires was my experience . The fuse box melted around the fuse and the unit quit pumping air . I was able to replace the fuse , but to no avail . It was a long slow drive back to Moab on tires with 12 psi . I read similar bad reviews but believed the problem must have been fixed as so many good reviews were also posted . I guess if you are the gambling type and do n't mind being stuck miles from anywhere , this might be the product for you . As for me , I learned a valuable lesson . I just hope Amazon 's legendary customer service take this piece of garbage back - never again Q Industries . One star is one too many for this product .
 I bought this on Amazon for use in helping stranded motorists -LRB- I belong to a group that does this -RRB- . I needed a heavy duty compressor so I was referred to the MV-50 by another group member who has used it for a few years . One thing is for sure - when it actually works , it 's very fast . You can really fill up a tire in a minute or 2 . However , it blows fuses like they 're going out of style . There were at least 2 other members of our group who bought this at the same time I did and they both had the same problem . We even returned each of ours to Amazon -LRB- they were great about replacing them quickly -RRB- and the replacements had the same problem . The fuses would blow after only a few uses and then immediately on powering on the device . Apparently , the unit used to be well made and that is why the person who had it for a couple of years is happy with it . They started making them poorly and now it would shock me if any of these worked normally . Again , in theory this is a good compressor and will inflate your tires real fast , but the unit stops working after only a few inflates.BTW , I followed all the directions . I never used this for more than a few minutes at a time and I connected the hose to the tire AFTER the unit was on -LRB- which is how the company recommends to do it -RRB- .
 This small compressor was a Xmas gift , I had no need of it until early January . I connected it up per instructions and it never activated . I changed fuses and hooked up to different 12v batteries but it never ran . I went to the web page which was useless so I returned it to Amazon . It was just junk as far as I was concerned .
 I bought the MV50 and it has never worked . Tried to contact Q and their website is not working . They give an email address to use , but no one answers it . They have no phone no . printed on the Owner 's Manual . Ca n't get any help from them to repair or replace .
 I bought this unit to air-up tires on my F-250 while desert camping in Baja . First used it this past July -LRB- after airing down when stuck deep in the sand south of San Felipe -RRB- I got one tire -LRB- 265/75/17 -RRB- filled to 75psi and the unit 's fuse blew . Replaced it but blew fuse again after filling second tire . Borrowed one last fuse from my truck fuse box and aired up a third tire and fuse blew again . Had to limp back to town with one tire at 25psi . I should mention that it was very HOT and in the middle of the day at our campsite on the Sea of Cortez , 100 degrees or so , but I did let the unit cool down after 12-15 minutes of use per the manual . Otherwise , the unit worked well on my stock E-rated tires . Just bring a handful of 30amp fuses and maybe let the unit rest after 10 minutes of use .
 This thing is a joke . There were parts missing when it came . No air filter , and no hose ends like it says on the box . There are also scratches on it . And oh yeah ... it didnt work . Motor doesnt run . Returned as soon as I got it
 I 'm sorry I can only give this piece of junk a one star instead of a zero . This thing lasted LESS that seven minutes intermittent use before it melted a hole in the yellow air line . It melted a hole in the air line just as I finished putting air in the fourth tire on a mid size automobile . Quite a bit less than the forty minutes of max use they recommend before letting it cool . In forty minutes this thing would melt to the ground from heat . Now it is totally useless to me . I have sent two emails to Q Industries , the company that represents this junk , from their own website and I have made two phone calls to them and left voice mails both times and I still have n't heard ANYTHING from them . I would n't have their product if they gave me all I could use . Pretty bad when you buy a brand new product and the first time you use it it breaks and ca n't even get a response from the company reps.
 Great compressor when it works but the cheap hose gets holes in it . The connectors from the compressor to the hose are a non standard size and thread . It is impossible to replace the hose with a standard hose . When the hose goes , the compressor is worthless .
 The main body looks solid , but everything that extends out of it looks and is cheap . The internal electrical wires broke after only a few uses . -LRB- I looked inside after the unit failed to function . -RRB- Save your money .
 Like other people mention it was okay for a while and then the fuse holder melted the fuse -LRB- I did n't blow -RRB- , and then melted the plastic fuse holder . The unit gets very hot . In hindsight to hot to inflate 4 tires.I now have a power cord that i need to either 1 . cut out the fuse and replace or 2 . replace the power cord . I had only used the compressor a handful of times.If its for emergencies then i would get this . If its for filling up 4 big tires after wheeling i would skip and get something more reliable . I am currently looking at ARB compressors .
 I was excited when I received my compressor because I had been battleling a slow tire leak in my jeep.At first the unit would not power on . Sad . Soo disappointed . But perseverance , desperation and dumb luck came through and the little compressor came alive . Do n't really know how , but it was a combination of twisting the clamps , wiggling the fuse and flicking the switch -LRB- make sure the clamps are off the battery when u mess with the power cables / fuse box -RRB- . I wanted to love this monster motor of a compressor.Filled up my jeep tire very fast for the first 20psi -LRB- 5 mins and almost happy again -RRB- , but noticed the cable wires getting warm to the touch . I continued to reach 30psi but had slowed down and I started noticing a plastic smell . I gave it two 5 minutes breaks , but eventually the fuse melted i guess because the current had continued until the fuse box caught on fire . So much for the fuse keeping the unit safe.The compressor has a good strong motor , but I the wiring components are cheaply made and the cables are too small of a gauge . I ca n't wait till the hose fails -LRB- not -RRB- . Update
 First use and the unit over heated and burnt out the engine . It also superheated the air and melted an air hose I purchased . Do not buy this garbage ! Could n't even take 4 tires from 29psi - 35psi without failing .
 Air output was reduced to a tenth of its original output after several uses . You get what you pay for !
 I ordered this unit because I had one that I carried in my truck for 3 years , I off-road my Tacoma and anything less than a high volume pump just does n't get the job done when you are re-inflating 35 ' tires . The pump ran great for the first time I used it , however that was the only time it ran ... The relay in the unit burnt up which rendered the switch useless . I took the unit apart and replaced the relay , turned it on and the piston seized making the pump totally worthless . Needless to say , I am going to have to buy another pump , and I will not buy this one .
 It filled up about a 1/2 tire before it stopped working . For the money I paid I expect quality . After it died I was thinking , I bet it was from china . I should have checked before hand .
 Imagine buying a product that advertises its use on bicycles , basket balls , car tires etc , and finding out that you better have a vehicle battery accessible . It does n't plug in to an outlet , so hope you do n't mind your kids hooking up to your car when they need some air in their tires . Stay away
 I ordered this item with hopes of replacing an aging inflator . I read the reviews online before my purchase , and I was optimistic this item would work fine . Bottom line , it quit working after use on 4 tires . About a week after I received it , I pumped up the tired on my wife 's Honda Accord from 35 psi to 40 psi with no problems at all . First three tires worked without a flaw and only took about a minute or two . On tire # 4 , the pump would not start at first . Finally , after pulling gently on the power connector , the pump started . If I released pressure on the power line , the pump would stop . I thought this was interesting . But , after two minutes , the tire was at 40 psi . Total time invested was about 10 min . Excellent work.So , I moved on to my Expedition to air up the tires . The first tire I tried started at 35 psi . My intent was to air up the tire to 40 psi . After 3 minutes , the tire was at 30 psi . I checked the air hose and could n't find any leaks . I checked all around for a problem , but could n't find one . Wondering if this was a fluke and a problem with the stem of the tire , I moved on to tire # 2 . Same problem . After 3 minutes , the tire had deflated from 35 psi to 28 psi.I am returning this product today . I wish I could say that there was something mechanically wrong I had identified , but I did n't find anything . The fact that it worked for 4 tires and then suddenly stopped tells me I was n't doing anything -LRB- there is n't much you can mess up anyway -RRB- .
 This compressor does a good job , but the in-line fuse holder is worthless . Melted on me after the 2nd time I used it . Only aired up about 3 tires before it went kaput . Thank goodness I was n't in the desert . I bought it to use out in the middle of nowhere . Anyway , I replaced the fuse holder with a good one , and it works good . Also , it works a little faster if you have the vehicle idling while you running it .
 I bought this airpump because I had one before that I gave to a friend in need.This pump keeps blowing fuses . It worked the first 2 or 3 times I used it , but now it blows a fuse every try.Amazon wont let me return it , because its been mine too long , 3 months.Bad luck gamble , I think I will buy a Viar instead , but not from Amazon . . no personal loyalty to the customer , just a bunch of weblinks to return policy text . . oh well . . better to shop locally sometimes , where service counts
 Heard a lot about these on surf fishing websites and the good reviews on amazon . Purchased in march 2011along with a compact compressor for my motorcyclefrom same company.the compact compressor quit working minutes after starting the first use . The mv50 superflow required tightening of several of the external hex head bolts upon receipt.on first use it melted the supplied circuit breakers plastic casing but did not damage the breaker itself . Replaced breaker with supplied extra and it worked twice more before it stopped putting out air . It would run but not put out air . Iam going to primarily use this item to pump up my lawn mower tires because they deflate every week but I want it also to reinflate the tires on my truck on trips to nags head north carolina . I ca n't trust this thing for something like that . Will try another brand .
 I broke down and picked one of these up to keep as a spare to my other two portable compressors that I tend to loan out to friends . Instead of letting them have my old faithful , 400P next time , I 'll let them take this one . After using the compressor a few times for just checking regular tire pressure on the wife 's car and my motorcycles , the compressor stopped pumping past 30 PSI . -LRB- The car takes 40 and my bikes take 42 PSI . -RRB- - Since the warranty was likely to be over and done with , I decided to dissect this little beast . I 've seen the innards of other Viair portables before and noticed that everything inside was either aluminum or stainless . Imagine my surprise when I opened this one up and found a steel cylinder , and loads of rust all over the place . The piston was n't worn out , but there was a bit of junk holding the seal away from the cylinder on one side so I cleaned it up and reassembled the unit . It works , although slower than it used to . I do n't think I 'll mind if the next person I loan it to does n't bring it back .
 Beware of this company Q industries . Their products are highly unreliable and they have absolutely no contact information from which to get any customer service.Their air compressor overheats in a matter of minutes and you are lucky if you can fill 1 tire before the unit dies for an unspecified amount of time.The attachments and accessories are junk as is the unit itself.Better to stick with a better known company/brand who can offer you customer service when you need it .
 This unit arrive dead . I sent it to Q Industries some months ago for repair or replacement . I was informed 24 days ago that they were sending another.It 's yet to arrive , I feel I will never see it . Email communications with Tech Support is fast but action taken by the company is as poor as it gets.I have no idea how well this unit works when operational but at this point I wish I 'd never heard of it . You will notice I rated this item one star , however this is more a rating of the company who supports it than the item.Richard
 I thought this was going to be a high quality compressor based on reviews here . The unit worked once , on one tire , then never again . It cost me half the price of the unit to send it back to the company . If they warranty it quickly and refund my shipping money I will change my review , but I will be very surprised if they do . Made in China.This is probably the last time I buy something like this online .
 When calling for support from the owner 's manual on this product , I get a `` telephone service is no longer connected '' message with no forwarding phone number . Also went to the Q Industries website and checked the number there and it also did n't work . There was no way to get support from the website.Be very careful here . My battery or charger died after 8 months and there appears to be no way to contact the manufacturer.Wonder if Amazon will honor a return after 8 months . Probably not .
 First of all , Amazon was great and I have no problem with them . On the contrary , they make returns very easy and fair . I purchased this item several weeks ago and it was defective . It would not run at all . These things happen , so a returned it for a replacement of the same unit . The second unit was defective as well . Not recommended .
 This product either works or it does n't for me . I periodically fill up my tires and almost always have an issue whether it is a blown fuse , cable comes off the alligator clamp , or just does n't want to work . Like today I wanted to fill up four tires and I was able to do 3 with no problem . When I went to turn it on for the 4th tire it just did not come on . I changed the fuse , moved the clamps around ... nothing worked . I have also emailed the company in the past with no response . The screw on connector is a pain at times , you have to fill up more air in the tire because you lose a lot of it while unscrewing the connector . Think it is time to find another compressor .
 I purchased an MV50 Portable Air Compressor on 13 July 2011 . I have only used the unit a couple of times and it worked OK on my truck tires . While pumping up a bicycle tire , however , after allowing the proper , stated , cool down period , the unit quit on me . I checked the in-line fuse , after retreiving the green 30 amp fuse that came with the unit -LRB- I have never before opened the fuse holder or changed the fuse in the unit -RRB- , and found that the plastic part of the in-line fuse was melted in the holder . I managed to extract half of the fuse but one of the metal arms was welded into place and broke off so that the holder and , therefore , the compressor was unusable . The melted plastic part of the fuse was red , which means that it was a 10 amp fuse , the instructions said it needed a 30 amp fuse and the unit was therefore sent to me with an incorrect fuse installed in it and explains why it was melted . I bypassd the holder -LRB- using the 30 amp fuse in the new line I made -RRB- and the unit was still dead . Since the unit was still under warranty , I called the Superflow number in the owners manual and was told by a computer to send an e-mail to Customerservice@qindustries and was then hung up on . There is no other phone number provided . I did this and explained the problem and asked for a return authorization number . I got no response after four days so I sent another e-mail with the request and it is now 18 days later and still no response . I 've given up on Q Industries equipment and bought another companies compressor.Don ' t waste your money !
 Same problem as other reviewers had ... First time I tried to use it the compressor did not work ... Checked circuitry and got continuity but nothing else ... Tried to call Q Ind but phone disconnected ... Tried to e-mail but no response ... Spoke to Amazon about it but they would not honor Q Ind warranty -LRB- had product more than 30 days -RRB- ... Do n't understand why Amazon allows the product to be sold ... I guess it 's the kind of product that should be purchased at a bricks and mortar store ... As a result , would not recommend this vendor or product ... I intend to get some use from it as an anchor for my Kayak when I 'm out fishing ...
 With a coiled up air line that acts like a spring , the short power cord creates a real problem . It works fine for the side your battery is on , but ... the other side is a real problem . Doing everything possible to properly use the full length of the power cord , I found that the coil spring style air line almost ripped out the valve stem from the rear tire . I tried every way of stretching I could to try and ease the stress on the valve stem ... but no luck . If you had 2 people to do the job ... no problem . One can hold the tension off the stem while the other turns on and watches the pressure guage . Otherwise , look out ! There is so much stress on the valve stem , no matter what you do to stretch the stupid -LRB- yes I do mean stupid -RRB- coil air line ... -LRB- after all , with a little larger bag , the line could have been made in a non-coil fashion and this would be the answer to all your air inflation dreams !! -RRB- As it is , I plan to purchase a cheap set of jumper cables to use to extend the power cord from the pump so I do n't rip out the valve stem ! Sorry ... It could have been a great product but it now turns out to be a pain in the _ ss !
 This thing inflated one half of a tire and then stopped blowing air . It will blow if there is no pressure , but hook it up to anything that pushes back and it does absolutely nothing other than get ridiculously hot . Do n't buy this useless rubbish.Go to Harbor Freight and you will find any number of superior compressors for less money .
 I installed these lights and yes they are easy to install , however after only 5 minuets of them being on , the bulb inside the houseing started to smoke and made the lens foggy , the heat of the bulb also burned the reflecing lens at the back causing the lights to not be bright . Amazon.com swapped out the first set , and wouldnt you know the new set did the same thing . Amazon.com would not let me change for something else , and said that my money will be tied up for 4 weeks . I will NEVER again purchase KC brand lights due to this , and I most likely will not buy from Amazon.com as well .
 First of all , it was slightly damaged . The core was bent , like curved and the overall height was too short , so the cooling fans could n't use the original fasteners . But I had to use it , because I scheduled the customer and needed to be done asap before the plastic tank exploded on the original radiator . If it was a local store , I would have replaced it .
 This generator is the worst I have ever had the displeasure to operate . Took at least 20 pulls to get it started and then cross your fingers and hope it stays running . After only 3 uses the PLASTIC recoil mechanism of the recoil starter broke . After countless hours of web searching found no available parts or even a website or contact info . Recommend that you stay away from this one and that Amazon discontinues selling this junk . Could not post this review without adding at least `` 1 '' star , so please ignore it !
 I purchased this generator for my husband for outside projects and camping . The first day he used it everything seemed fine . He had it hooked up to a microwave , then power tools , and a small tv . The next day of his trip , he decided to rest a bit and watch his small TV . It was a good thing he did n't walk away to go the bathroom or whatever ... becuase my husband started to smell a burning odor ... it was TV smoking and ready to catch fire ... and in a panic ... he had act fast to turn off the genertor . It would stop - he could n't disconnect quick enough and was forced to throw it down to make is stop . That being said , we lost two things with this generator and a small flat panel TV . He called the customer service department to tell him about his event and they seemed very disinterested and offer NO HELP . I would not recommend this product to anyone . Its a fire Hazard!We were fortunate that only those two products were lost -LRB- this generator and our TV -RRB- becuase it could have been a loss of our camper and my husband 's life.DON ' T BUY this product , Busy Mom .
 if u want the bmw angel eye look go with something better & brighter this only show up in the night not in the day like the bmw angel eyes do this thing is just a plastic ring with a led on either end of it if your cheap buy this if u like something good spend your money & dont make a mistake that me & some of my friends made buying this
 Cheers to Simple Green for being effective and easy to use . But jeers to Amazon for selling a spray bottle of this stuff for three times the price that can be found at Home Depot . When I saw $ 15 for a spray bottle of Simple Green , I knew I had not paid that much for my previous bottle . I was going to order it here but decided that the price seemed a bit outrageous . So I made a quick trip to Home Depot and found it for under 5 bucks .
 I looked for a non-toxic cleaner . I bought Simple Green . Then i found out - Simple Green uses SLS . ----- CORRECTION / EDIT
 The product claims to be non-toxic but does not list the ingredients on the label . I found a report by The Dirt on Cleaning Chemical Companies . They publish a report card on products and here 's what they say about Sunshine Makers Inc. / Simple Green
 CO2 NOT compatible ... I had to go buy $ 60 worth of extra products to make this work without having to buy their $ 300 bottle . Not exactally what I wanted , but lesson learned !
 I was extremely disappointed with these floor mats . They were cheaply constructed - so they have been returned . Got much nicer ones at Walmart !
 the seal for this applicationis 24mm in outer diameterand the interior shaft size is 14mmthis part is not correct and is listed in inches which doest applythis is the correct part -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This item was very produced quite a bit of static , and a week after receiving , it quit working . I was looking for a cheap solution , and I got what I paid for . I have since boughtGriffin iTrip Universal FM Transmitter and Charger for MP3 Playersand it works just fine -LRB- for the price -RRB- .
 I never got it to work and just threw it away because I could n't get a refund after removing from the package . Waste of money so I will buy a more expensive one .
 I ordered these based on entering my year , make and model of vehicle . When I received them , they DID N'T FIT.Ok , no problem , let 's just return them to Amazon , no problem.Except ... they decided to charge me for shipping for returning them due to `` Customer Return '' . They 're too long . When you try to lay them flat on the floor , they hang out the doors . If you try to push them inside the doors flush , they stick up about 3 inches and do n't lay flat.Don ' t understand Amazon 's policy on returns . I returned the items -LRB- in NEW condition -RRB- because they do n't fit -LRB- after using Amazon 's tool to order them . And they decide to charge me the ~ $ 8 for return shipping.Very unsatisfying on several levels .
 I feel it is false advertising to list a product as an exact fit that is missing screw and bolt holes . The second problem is that the radiator cap from the original radiator does n't seem to fit the Spectra -LRB- ready-rad -RRB- to seal proper . I may pull this out , pay the extra and have the old one re cored . What you save in product cost you lose in time and frustration . Amazon should have these manufactures revise their description to `` some modification may be needed '' .
 I ca n't rate this thing very high because mine will only charge a portion of the way to full . I probably should have sent it back but did n't . I guess I kept it because I use it for an electric winch to pull my smoker into the back of my pickup and it will provide enough power to get the job done before crapping out.Follow-up : The thing finally crapped out completely I would buy a B&D ; jump starter again but not this one .
 The battery in my VW Golf tends to go dead because I do n't get a chance to drive it much , so I bought this product with the hope that it would start it the next time it died . I charged it exactly as was stated in the manual and it still did not have enough juice to start my car . If it has this much trouble with a small Golf I do n't imagine it would work much better with other cars.It could just be that I received a defective unit but in my experience , it could n't get the job done .
 purchased this about two yrs ago , never had to use it to jumpstart any car . But last month my wife had a flat tire , used the fix-a-flat stuff for a partial inflation repair , then tried using the compressor -LRB- was just charged the prior evening -RRB- . Compressor ran at full bore for less then 10 seconds , then barely ran at all.recharged it again , while it was at full charge turned on compressor without any tire connected and same thing.if you want this as an all purpose unit , only depend on it as a power source but not as a emergency air compressor
 I bought this product because the interior lights in my van are often left on and the battery drains quickly . I did n't test it , but when I needed it , it did n't work . It was not compatible w / my 2004 Honda Odyssey or 1999 Honda Accord , but did work on a 1994 Ford F 150 . I ca n't return it to the store because it has been over 90 days . Very disappointed in this product . I checked all the specs when I purchased it and it did n't say it was n't compatible .
 Worthless description of product . - what are the dimensions ? - how long will it hold a charge in the trunk of my car ? -LRB- some last only a couple of weeks some are supposed to last for 3 months -RRB- Someone needs to make one of these that trickle charges from the car 's battery so the backup is always fully charged .
 I purchased two of these items one for each of our family cars.During a recent battery drain I used the booster to jump start my car numerous times but was unsuccessful -LRB- although it had two full bars indicating ample power -RRB- . I had thought my starter or alternator had gone bad but a tow truck with its booster was able to jump start me on one try.I am certain the tow truck had a more powerful booster but this unit was rated well but failed when I needed it to work . I have yet to check to see if the booster is faulty . The rest of the unit works well .
 I bought this product in hopes of jump starting my lawn tractor as well as a vehicle -LRB- if the need came up -RRB- . Well , the need did come up ... three times ... . and this product was NOT able to give me enough power to successfully jump start my Explorer . It made the lights come on , and the ` open door ' bell sound , but that was it . Right out of the box , I charged it by following the directions precisely . I truly feel like I 've wasted my money !! Worse , I did n't find out how bad it was until it was already out of warranty .
 I received this jump-starter as a gift and it worked well for about 6 months then would n't hold a charge , which is slightly critical for a cordless , rechargeable jump-starter . I contacted Black and Decker to see if my unit was still under warranty but got the run-around from them and finally gave up . From the sounds of it and based up my experience with it , if you buy one or receive it as a gift , just call the number on the back to see where you can dispose of it immediately and end the misery of owning it sooner and than later .
 my husband got one of these last christmas and love it , So he bought 2 of these at Christmas for his family , one worked and one did not . I have exchanged products with Amazon with not too much trouble , But if you buy THOUGH Amazon it is a circle with no answers . Amazon has no phone number and either did the company I bought it from . There was no place to go and no number to talk to anyone . No wander it is cheaper they do n't have to worry about returns . They just send a broken product -LRB- from the packing , I think it had been returned once already -RRB- and we have to keep it . even more deappointing when given as a gift .
 I would highly recommend NOT buying this item . I 've had 2 or 3 issues with it over the last couple of years , not bad in itself , but the real stress began when I tried to get information/help from Black & Decker . After waiting on the line forever , the customer no-service rep told me they `` do n't handle that unit '' , and that I had to call a company called `` Backus '' , and he gave me their ph. # . When I asked why B&D ; could n't answer such a simple question -LRB- I had misplaced my adapter and needed to know the proper replacement specs -RRB- , he said they `` farm out '' some products to other companies . I said , `` But your name is on the outside of the unit , do n't you think you should be able to help me ? '' He said it 's like when you buy a Kia , made by Ford , you ca n't get help from Kia ?????? It made absolutely no sense at all , but that was his explanation . It was infuriating . I then called this `` Backus '' company , and 20 more minutes of waiting got me my answer.The unit is underpowered and loses charge quickly . And forget ever getting any help from B&D ; on a product on which they place their sticker on the outside ... in the words of my lovely customer no-service rep , `` It 's not our problem '' . Nice .
 I bought this at Walmart . It would n't charge completely after 2 months . I returned it and was able to exchange it for another one . That one would n't start my Ford F150 . It barely started my 2001 Subaru . Now it wo n't charge completely even if I leave it plugged in for hours . My local Walmart does n't even stock it any more . They probably got tired of the number of returns . Save your money . Get another brand .
 This starter worked well for a few weeks but now will not take a charge .
 This is the worst jumper pack I have owned or worked with . I knew better than to buy anything black and decker . I had a Schumacher before this and it worked great for years . The black and decker will not hold a charge I can leave it on charger for two weeks unplug it to use and it 's dead . It has never worked as it should . I have disposed of this piece of junk and will buy a Schumacher . Do n't waste your money on this item add a few more dollars and buy a Schumacher .
 Both Units were defective as they could not charge 100 % and all 3 green lights never lit even charging for over 3 days.Called the B and D customer support to confirm and was advised to get a refund on both units.Had to return both of them and Amazon customer service was great .
 Fatally flawed . Magnificently compact , clever design , but broke first time I used it -- el-cheapo plastic clamps snapped . Service center would n't repair it , so I had to return it . An otherwise beautiful design , with a frustrating Achilles heel . AARRGH !
 Disappointed
 I used this product once to jump start my car after charging it the required initial period . I needed it again but it was dead . I charged it fully and tried to use it again a week later . No juice . The battery does n't hold a charge.Unfortunately this item can not be returned . Do n't waste your money , buy something of higher quality .
 THE FIRST TIME I USED IT , IT WAS EXCELLENT . THEN , AFTER ABOUT 2 MONTHS I ATTEMPTED TO CHARGE IT AGAIN . INSERTING THE SMALL CHARGER WIRE INTO THE SMALL HOLE AND PLUGGING THE CHARGING CORD INTO THE WALL SOCKET , THERE WAS SO RESPONSE . WIGGLING THE CORD AT THE UNIT PRODUCED THE RED CHARGING LIGHT BUT ONLY IF YOU HELD IT BY HAND JUST RIGHT . I PUT A SMALL WEIGHT ON TOP OF THE END TO KEEP IT CHARGING WITH THE RED LIGHT BUT THE FLASHING GREEN LIGHT INDICATING A FULL CHARGE NEVER CAME ON . VERY DISAPPOINTED ... WOULD NOT BUY THIS AGAIN .
 I had a similar item because I 've always had a bad habit of leaving my lights on , and sometimes play the good Samaritan when I see someone who needs a jump . I forget the brand , but it lasted 5 years and was always ready when I needed it . I rarely had to re-charge the thing.When that one finally died , I purchased the Black & Decker Start It . I charged it up and a few months later when I needed it , the unit was was near dead and did n't have enough power to start my car . I foolishly purchased another for my wife 's car because it was the only brand sold in that store . That one never accepts a full charge -LRB- the green light never comes on no matter how long it has been on the charger -RRB- and loses its charge just as quickly as the first one I bought.I find I have recharge both every month so they will be ready when I need them . If I forget , I 'm out of luck.An emergency car starter that wo n't hold a charge is useless .
 I bought this unit because last winter my car battery failed and I needed a jump start . So I bought this unit and I 've kept it charged and in my trunk . A cold snap last week rendered my car battery dead ... I pulled this out and there was n't enough power to get the car started . Very disappointing . I 'm going to throw it away because it 's useless - it does n't work . Might work on a warm sunny day - but in a cold situation when most batteries fail and you really need it , it does n't work . Do n't waste your money . Instead replace your car battery every 2 years or so and you wo n't have any need for this or any problems .
 I 'll just note that most of the smaller jump starters are booster batteries which require that the car 's battery have at least a little charge left in them in order to start a car . I bought this one -LRB- a rebranded Vector 010 -RRB- for someone who had a habit of forgetting to turn the lights off on a Honda Civic without an auto-off or warning chime . I saw it at a Wal-Mart at a good price and it seemed a good value with it 's current/amps rating and an included 12V cable to charge off a lighter port -LRB- others charge for it -RRB- . It has occasionally started the Civic when the lights were left on for less than an hour , but has n't started when left longer than that ; a Civic should be a fairly easy car to start . It does n't work all that well especially when the safety instructions -LRB- to clamp negative away from the battery on grounded metal -RRB- are followed , but may work better if clamped directly to negative , then switched on so the connection is completed -LRB- may spark -RRB- away from the battery . There are notices about possible hydrogen fires , so take that as a warning . It does n't seem to hold a charge very long , but it does come with a recommendation to recharge it every few months and after each use . It 's actually rather lightweight , and probably does n't have a terribly large internal battery . I also have a Schumacher Mity-Mite -LRB- bought from Amazon -RRB- which is slightly heavier and seems to work better . Sometimes I 've given up on the VEC010 and pulled out the Schumacher which always worked . The VEC010 just seems to be a bit underpowered . There are larger jump starters in this series , and maybe they 'll work better . One possibility is to leave the battery clamped for several minutes , at which point the car 's battery gets somewhat slowly recharged by the jump starter , then try and start the engine . This is more or less how some of the lighter plug jump starters work . Think of it like trying to flush a toilet with a cup of water ; probably does n't work well . Now fill the tank slowly using that cup of water , and you can flush the toilet .
 I purchased this about 8 months ago and it worked once and would not hold a charge after that one use . I contacted the company and after several phone calls and phone tag I was told that without a receipt that the warrenty did not apply to the unit . Suggest looking at another brand and keep the receipt .
 This piece of equipment worked really well as far as juicing up the battery when it 's dead , and it 's really easy to charge and use . Problem is , after I had used it a couple times , the cheapo plastic clamps BOTH SNAPPED . Now they ca n't grip on the battery terminals . Under warranty , but so expensive to ship -LRB- shipping not covered by warranty -RRB- that it is n't worth it . Great idea , shoddy construction . ALL VECTOR have these same plastic clamps , so try to find one with metal clamps .
 THESE THINGS ARE USELESS . ANY PROBLEMS AND YOU ARE REFERRED TO A SERVICE CENTER . NO PARTS ARE AVAILABLE ON LINE EXCEPT THE CHARGER OR THE CIG TO CIG LIGHTER CORD . THE ONLY THING TO GO WRONG IS THE BATTERY ITSELF , AND THEY ARE N'T TO BE HAD WITH THE NUT AND BOLT TERMINALS . BLACK AND DECKER DOES N'T HAVE THEM . REPLACEMENTS CAN BE FOUND ONLINE BUT WITH F2 TERMINALS WHICH WO N'T HANDLE THE CURRENT FOR JUMP STARTING.IT SEEMS THAT BLACK AND DECKER BURY THEIR MISTAKES.IF YOU WANT SOMETHING RELIABLE TRY Solar -LRB- SOLES2500KE -RRB- Portable Battery Booster Pac - 250 Amps 900 Peak Amps . MY FIRST ONE LASTED 9 YEARS AND IT WORKS . JUST BOUGHT A REPLACEMENT BATTERY -LRB- UPG UB12180 Sealed Lead Acid Batteries -RRB- FOR LESS THAN $ 50 AND IT WORKS AGAIN.YOU CAN GET THESE B&D ; CHEEPO 'S AT WALMART FOR $ 35 , BUT YOU MIGHT AS WELL THROW YOUR MONEY OUT THE WINDOW .
 Got one in February of 08 . Construction was solid enough . Used it four or five times in August-September . My truck had a bad cable . After the last time , it wo n't charge . Now totally worthless . Have n't decided if it 's worth getting fixed under the warranty . I wo n't be buying another one of this brand .
 I have worked on cars for 40 years . I 've tried to jump about a dozen cars so far with this product and it has failed to start any of them . The unit , at 300 instant amps and 225 continuous amps , is just not enough power . In each case , I had to break out my jumper cables to start the cars , using other vehicles . Look for a jump starter with at least 400 amps . I would not recommend this product to anyone . For me , it was a waste of money .
 I 've used a lot of great Black & Decker products . This is n't one of them . Charged it up first time to use on my father-in-law 's dead Lexus . Illuminated the dashboard . That 's it . The Black & Decker outlet where I bought it kindly refunded my money no questions asked . I 've never written a bad review on anything and hoped I never would have to , but when backup gear is so undependable and downright useless , the word needs to get out . Perhaps I just got a bad one , do n't know , but judging by experiences of other reviewers , anyone serious about owning one of these definitely needs to proof test their purchase before it 's needed .
 My toddler turned the on ignition for my lawn mower while sitting at the controls - week later , battery was dead . Even with a full charge , the Black and Decker could barely turn over the little 19HP , two cylinder motor . Luckily I was able to push the tractor out of the shed and use traditional jumper cables.Lesson learned - never buy a cheap imitation of a commercial product . Black and Decker will slap their name on just about anything , but why spend money on the brand ? I 'd prefer to spend money on the product .
 I bought these for my '08 Xterra , along with those for the rear seats . The rear seats fit but the front passenger seat cover did not.I called the number on the instructions and I was directed to email pictures of the cover on the car , showing where and how it did n't fit . I did this and after a few days they got back to me by email.After a few exchanges of information and more pictures , they agreed the covers had not been cut properly so were sending a replacement . When the replacement arrived , I could see it was n't even for this vehicle at all ; the cutout for the seat back release did n't exist for one thing and there were cutouts where none were needed . I immediately got back to them on their customer service website with these problems but they had already closed out the service ticket so I had to start a new one.It 's been a week and I have n't heard from anyone yet . Hopefully I will . At $ 150 a pair , these things should fit like a glove and their customer service should be more responsive .
 I was extremely disappointed with these floor mats . They were cheaply constructed - so they have been returned . Got much nicer ones at Walmart !
 I was completely excited to find this part on my favorite of all online retailers , especially for this price , and was extremely happy to receive in time just as planned ... until my mechanic came over to fix and noticed that there is but one small issue - there is no `` slot '' for the oxygen sensor . How this can be an exact replacement , and missing this one major detail is beyond me . Also , there was no heat shield included as listed , but the gaskets were .
 This says it will fit the En-El1 battery , but the charge connectors are not positioned on the front not the side like my digital camera not digital camcorder battery , the labeling on the add was poorly described .
 After using this about five times , the black and gold parts came unglued , so that there were some ugly wires and two separate parts . Still functional , but ugly and inconvenient . The whole thing felt pretty fragile .
 They shipped very quickly , but they did n't package them very well so the coating was chipped and flaking off . They gave me a discount to keep them , but I still have to ship the replacements back . So unless you want to deal with painting the springs do n't bother getting them from Amazon .
 I ordered this part using the search options on Amazon 's auto site , but it turned out to be the wrong belt ! I verified the correct belt with the manufacturer , re-ordered the correct belt , and had to return this one . Be sure to find the correct auto part before looking on Amazon !!!
 This is a pourly made socket . it 's used for axle nut 's but if they are on tight or rusted this is not the tool for you . mine were on tight , and the sides of the socket are weak . for less money you can go to your local NAPA and get it in a much better made material . I 'm in the prosses of returning it and it 's been a week now and no response . buyer bewear . this is the first time returning an iteam on Amazon .
 I might be wrong , but when I read the product description I thought they come in pairs and they did n't . Therefore when I ordered the front and the rear I was expecting to receive the four pieces and I just receive one front and one rear ... Total useless if they are not changed in pairs ...
 Recently replaced the spark plugs on my 98 Cavalier with these . The fuel consumption dropped to 24 miles/gal from 28 ! and I replaced them to hopefully improve fuel consumption . WHen I replaced these Bosch 4304 Pt II with the same as original Delco spark plugs , fuel consumption recovered to 27 miles/gal ...
 I put a set of Bosch Platinum 2 plugs in my 97 F-150 this weekend . It was almost undrivable . Could n't figure what in the world I had done to my engine so I took it to the shop . They put put in a set of plain jane Motorcraft plugs which solved the problem . That 's a $ 397 dollar lesson in what NOT to buy . Thanks Bosch , I really needed that .
 If you 're looking for a heavy duty floor mat , this one is not for you . It 's very light and thin mat . I 'm not sure what to do with this after I bought this one . Do not trust the weight provided because it 's not accurated . It should be less than 2 pounds even with the shipping package . I 'm very disappointed !!!
 THIS IS NOT A CUSTOME FIT FLOORMAT . THE COLOR GRAY IS NOT THE SAME SADE OF GRAY AS VOLVO , THE HOLES THAT SNAP INTO THE FLOOR ARE NOT THERE LIKE PICTURED . THESE ARE THE SAME UNIVERSAL FLOORMATS YOU BUY AT WALMART FOR 25.99 . SINCE THEY DIDNT HAVE THE HOLES TO SNAP IN I JUST LAYED THEM DOWN BUT THEY SLIDE ON CARPET WHEN DRIVING SINCE THEY CANT BE SNAPPED IN LIKE THE CUSTOME ONES THAT COME WITH A CAR NEW . DONT BUY
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 Got these for my 2004 Nissan Titan pickup . At first I thought I had a transmission problem because my truck was `` lurching '' . When I did an internet search , a guy had the exact same lurching problem after installing ... BOSCH PLATINUM 2 's !!! So I swapped them back out and my truck is as good as new . Do n't do it !
 This eliminator bracket is ok at best . I put it on a 93 F-150 , the pulley supplied with it is significantly smaller than the one that was on the smog pump . This has the obvious problem of making the stock belt too loose . If you get this part you will have to buy a serpentine belt that is 2 inches shorter to make up the difference . Also no matter how tight you bolt on the bracket , it will be slightly turned in at the bottom causing the belt not to have perfect alignment . The pulley has a bearing set made in Japan that feels pretty rough out of the box .
 The generator is grossly overpriced even after the Hurricane . It is heavy and does not have wheels . I ordered a wheel kit and it came with no instructions and no way to know how to attach it . I would not recommend it at all .
 PURCHASED THIS ITEM AFTER CAREFULLY REVIEWING ALL THE PRO 'S AND CON 'S WITH EACH BRAND . PRICE WAS NOT A MAJOR FACTOR BUT PERFORMANCE WAS . BRAND NEW OUT THE BOX SITS A YG6600DE FULL OF OIL AND GAS , AFTER SEVERAL HOURS OF TRYING TO GET THE UNIT TO OPERATE PROPERLY - YAMAHA TELLS ME I HAVE TO RETURN IT TO A SERVICE CENTER . NEEDS ADJUSTING TO PREVENT THE GENERATOR FROM SURGING WHILE OPERATING A 1/3 HP GRINDER . I WAS ALSO TOLD BY YAMAHA THAT THIS WAS NOT A SMALL LOAD . I UNDERSTAND THE LOAD OF STARTING A MOTOR BUT COME ON , A 1/3 HORSE POWER GRINDER . . GIVE ME A BREAK . SO MY WORDS FOR YOU ARE , IF YOU WANT A HONDA BUY A HONDA ... KEVIN DAVENPORT
 This expensive panel although would do the job it is simply not needed.If you are remotely mounting the inverter like i did i just used a telephone line coupler -LRB- just a few dollars -RRB- to connect the inverter to your LCD panel via telephone cable . Happy inverting !!
 Bottom line ... . It is not the 808-1800 pictured , it is the 808-1801 which is just a simple switch box . The interface has the LCD . Proof for those who want to debate -LSB- ... -RSB- Look at the bottom of page two at the accessories .
 Amazon sent me the wrong part overnight two days in a row . The part does not match the picture . There is no LED or even close to the same part.The part they sent has a phone line and an on / off button only . The rep said after the second call he would send out the right one and it was wrong again . Then the rep never called me back after he said he would !!!
 The unit I received only has a switch and green LED , no LCD for battery voltage display , no amps display , no power display . I thought I must have ordered the wrong item and check to see if it worked with my PS1800 . It worked but when I checked my order , it was for the unit with full display ! So this one is going back .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I bought mine in 2007 , installed it in Summer 2008 , it has been used less than 50 hours total and this Summer -LRB- 2011 , it 's out of warranty -RRB- it went belly up , took it to the local Xantrex `` REPAIR '' center and guess what , it ca n't be repaired ; OH THE IRONY ! The AC board -LRB- they think -RRB- went bad and ca n't be replaced . What an expensive piece of garbage , no more Xantrex for me . I was told by the repair center that Xantrex is making them irreparable as their objective . I do n't see how something that costs close to a grand is built with intent that it can not be repaired . Thanks Xantrex !!!!!
 First of all , this product is grossly misrepresented by the manufacturer . It is rated at 300 Watts output , but that 's only IF you cut the power cord and attach it directly to a 12v battery . Otherwise , according to the instruction book , it is only rated at 150 Watts . Now , if you have a shop and electrician 's tools and know how to solder , then you 're probably in fine shape . The extra pieces of equipment -LRB- inline switch , inline fuse , ring terminals -RRB- should n't be a major expense . Buying a solder gun and solder adds to the cost . And you may end up having to take it a shop to have them do all the connections if you suck at soldering . It can get expensive to turn this product in to the product it is advertised to be , easily another $ 15 to $ 30 . The actual manufacture costs of putting in the inline switch and fuse and providing ring terminal connections , probably would have cost the manufacturer an extra $ 1.50 , but that would cut into their profit margine too much . So you end up with a product which , to be used as advertised , has to modified at extra expense and time -LRB- and a lot of running around to hardware stores trying to find the parts and the tools -RRB- . I am inclined to return it , simply because it IS NOT ready to be used as it is represented . I do n't even know if the product works . Once I cut the power cord to make it functional as represented -LRB- 300 Watts -RRB- , I can probably no longer return it -LRB- it may even void the warranty -RRB- . So I am stuck with a dilemma ... return it , and buy a product that is REALLY a 300 Watt inverter , or try to modify it so that I can use it at the rated power . It is definitely false advertising . And I do n't consider educational experiences like this anything more than frustrating and annoying . If you 're an electrician , then you probably wo n't have any problems -LRB- on the other hand , if you 're an electrician , you probably wo n't be needing/wanting such a small unit anyway -RRB- . Consider yourself forewarned . As is , this is only a 150 Watt inverter -LRB- and an expensive one considering -RRB- .
 As sold this item provides 150 watts maximum . It has to be modified at considerable effort to provide the 300-500 watts claimed . This modification voids the warrenty and has a high likelihood of ruining the unit for good . In addition , unless you design your own interchangable rewiring , once modified , it will be usable only when directly connected to a vehicle battery and NOT via the cigarette lighter . If you need versatility , look for a unit that comes with interchangable or dual power cords -LRB- one for direct battery connection , one for cigarette lighter connection -RRB- . If you need the higher wattage , get one already wired for direct battery connection . If you do n't need the higher wattage , you can buy a smaller , less expensive unit .
 I bought this to be some power backup at home and when camping . Got the product and tried to run my 27 inch TV on it ... . only to find it did n't work.Looking at the guarantee , it indicated that an additional accessory is necessary to test the guarantee . -LRB- A direct connection to the battery . -RRB- I purchased the necessary equipment and tried the inverter on the 27 inch TV . After several unsuccessful attempts -LRB- 5 or 6 -RRB- the TV did come on.It ran for more than an hour on the inverter . By that time it was late at night and I had to go to bed ... disconnected the inverter from the battery.The next morning I got up early to continue the test . -LRB- I wanted to see how long the TV would run on a full charged battery . -RRB- In my morning haze , I connected the polarity in the connection wrong . -LRB- Just for a small fraction of a second , and the switch on the inverter was in the off position . -RRB- The inverter is now dead . It no longer functions at all.Now I 'm investigating how much $ $ it 'll cost me to get a working inverter ... -LRB- The warrantee does not cover this mistake , so it is my dime now . -RRB- BE CAREFUL ! THIS PRODUCT IS VERY UNFORGIVING . I suggest looking for an inverter with polarity protection ... this one dows not have it .
 I unpacked it and first thing was it was short a few parts and then it would not go up or do anything . So i sent it back for a full refund
 Going to look great in my truck bed after I repaint . Large scratch on side of the handle . Wished it had a quick release so I can be removed easily for hauling stuff .
 For a better product try to find `` tow truck in a box '' . Could n't help me get me out of 3 '' of ice/mud . And after 3 years of construction experience i 'm not an idiot when it comes to getting vehicles unstuck ... this product is not worth it .
 My son received two blocks , this is misleading and falsely advertised , not the photo , 2 black blocks , returned it
 Well ... it works.Out of the box , this thing needs modification . The parts that attaches to your bleeder screw ... it 's trash . It supposed to give you are an air tight seal , but on most bleeder screws , you really have to work at getting it on . It fits -LRB- although , it does not like like it will -RRB- , but the method of clamping it on does not work well at all . It ended up just leaking during the bleeding process . It 's more hassle than it 's worth . I ended up just taking that part off and attaching the hose directly to the bleeder screw , which is how you do it in the two man method . What I do not understand is what the washer is for -LRB- the instructions consisted of 3 sentences -RRB- . It simply says to screw on the end of the bleeder valve -LRB- you have to take the valve part to put it on ... so watch out for the spring inside -RRB- . Not sure why you need it , worked fine without it ... . In the end , the only thing I kept was the ball valve on the end of the tube . I simply attached it to my own bleeder hose -LRB- there hose is very flexible and does not like to stay on the bleeder screw -RRB- . After shipping , it came to $ 11 . SO , essentially , that 's $ 11 for a ball valve . I originally wanted to build my own , but I could not find a ball valve anywhere , so I guess I still won in the end ... even if I did over pay for a ball valve .
 This is the worst license plate cover I have ever bought . Had to remove the rear one before the police stopped me as you ca n't read the plate through it now . I pulled it before it was even a year old . Complete waste of money .
 This cover can not be used with a &#34; trim ring &#34; . Seems its designed to be used by itself . It is so thick and poorly designed around the edges , you must use longer than normal screws/bolts to hold it in place . The plastic is very easily scratched as well . Just a simple wcleaning wipe with a soft towel will scratch the surface . Cant see this one lasting very long .
 Was missing the front rod , hard to get any service , impossible to get replacement parts ... friend put it together and manufactured a rod for me ! Go to a store ... save time , which is money to me , and make sure all the parts are there !
 Do n't let the photo fool you . It actually is a pin connection not a post connection . Look closely at the photos . The photos show two different connections -LRB- which I did n't see the first time -RRB- . The pin connection is extremely hard to connect .
 The handlebars looked great when I put them on my quad but they broke on the first use of them . They wo n't hold up under any stress of hard riding .
 i got these because they were supposed to be quiet . well they constantly squeak and i hate it ! but i already put them on , so i 'm going to wear them out since i paid so much for them . my brother said they squeak because i should have gotten the same brand of rotor . i am not a car person , so i do n't know , but to me , someone somewhere should have mentioned this because i would have gotten a cheaper pair and they probably would n't have squeaked because the pair i replaced where the cheap brand and i never had problems with noise .
 you need 3 things to have a roll top installed . This is only 1 of them . You would also have to buy the rails -LRB- short bed , or long bed -RRB- and either a clamp or a screw kit . You would think they could bundle the right rails with the right top , and throw in some screws . On the other hand , the factory was super nice and sent me the missing parts at no charge , but , I would n't count on that every time.Of course none of this is listed in the product offering and since it shows the top completely installed including the non-included parts , its very misleading .
 the product just came with the cover we had to by the rails and extra stuff it cost $ 400.00 extra the instruction said that it was suppost to come with all of it amazon is a misleading because they sale just the cover if I ordered it somewhere else it would have came with all the parts !!!!!!
 i almost got this one but things not add up . the shipping weight is 10 lbs . I have taken mine off my car its more like 1-2 and the statement about core item and extra cost and you have to pay to ship it back . no thanks .
 Where could I order the following spare parts : a -RRB- A Power Cord.b -RRB- Adapter Plate.Regards , Yuval Sharony
 The scraper is plastic and poor quality . A heavy rubber would have been more efficient . You will have to exert twice the energy to remove a small amount of snow or ice . I do n't recommend this product .
 I had n't even used this ice scraper 10 times before the handle snapped off the head . The review by Wayne proves that this is n't just an occasional problem.When I used it , the blade worked well on the side windows , but not on the windshield for removing frost . Since I do n't have any experience with ice scrapers , I ca n't compare . The brush is really nice for removing snow and scraped off frost . But save your money and find another product , because this ice scraper is too expensive to have it break on you so easily .
 Great tool for removing snow from your car . Not so good for ice . The head broke off when trying to remove ice from the car and I do n't think it was designed to withstand use as an ice scraper .
 Product Specs in ad say broom is 36.97 x8 .49 x 13.83 inches wide . The tiny little broom i received is 31 x 4 x 7.5 inches wide . This is unacceptable . It would be like removing snow from your car with a hair brush . However , Amazon refunded me and did n't even want me to send it back .
 item arrive ontime , howwever it comes out of the package loose could not get the damn thing to fit tightly it was just too loose .
 Was using for the first time to pump up a BIKE tire , and the framework is so cheap and flimsy that it started to buckle and I kept having to bend it back to resume pumping . It eventually broke before I could inflate one tire . Note that I was using it correctly because I had an identical design , but older version of this pump for years and years . This one is an example of reaching the lower design limits for usability .
 The plastic piece below the valve broke off . Irreparable and I 'd only had it for 40 days . Really , really cheaply constructed . Look at the other reviews . Way too many complaints about breakage .
 This pump did n't last a year . Like another reviewer , it broke near the valve at the base of the hose . And it was n't mistreated . It 's just a cheap product . Do n't bother wasting your money on this .
 For the little while it worked . The gauge is hard to read , and the plastic thumb-lock does not work well . Not recommended .
 I bought this to use on my golf cart tires . Two were low so I tried to pump them up . I did get enough air in them to go down the street but I will only use this if I have too . very easy to use but it takes a very long time.I could never pump up a car tire with it . Debating if I want to keep it . Price was right ...
 I bought this pump to replace an old bicycle pump I had thinking it would be easier to apply air pressure . The pump was flimsy and the hose broke right near the piece that you connect to the valve last week . Waste of time and money .
 This foot pump broke within 3 weeks of getting it . The plastic where the hose attaches to the body of the pump cracked and split . We wrapped it in tape and got a few more uses out of it , then it split some more.I guess we got what we paid for . I 'm buying a more expensive and hopefully better quality pump now .
 It 's cheap , effective and easy to use , but mine did n't last more than half a dozen uses before the air-hose broke just below the valve .
 Like many people looking for this product , I had an older one that worked great . I just ca n't find it anymore , so I 'm looking for a replacement.This one seemed to have a short chamber ; pushing a small quantity of air with each push -LRB- I might be wrong -RRB- . I started inflating the front tire on my bicycle . Before the tire could be called inflated -LRB- it was still soft -RRB- the pump made a puff noise and stopped working . It is now very easy to push and it is not pumping anything . Somehow the piston failed.I 'll open it to see what went wrong , but until then I could speculate that actually there might have been an obstruction in the pump 's house that restricted the output of air , or the pump is so fragile , it can not take the punishment of inflating tires .
 Worked a few times but then the metal started to bend and one of the pins came loose . I would not recommend this pump to anyone .
 Not happy about it . After two year 's very light use , the tube of the pump broke at the connetion to the pump . Air is leaking out from the tube . I guess that how long long a rubber tube can last ? Not good quality .
 I am a petite female under 120 lbs . I 've purchased this pump to inflate tires in my car . Unfortunately , the pump broke on my third tire -RRB- -RRB-
 After reading the other reviews I knew that the hose was fragile , so I was very careful not to put any stress on the hose . Even so , the hose broke on the second use . I tried fixing it with duct tape , but to no avail . The pump itself seems sturdy enough and comfortable to use , but it is useless with a broken hose .
 This cover is very expensive and will not keep your tools or cargo dry water leaks through each slot its like the bed has no cover . At $ 980.00 its a complete rip off the company customer service is a joke they even have voice mail boxes that are full so you ca n't complain and just do not care . ! the video they show is untrue this cover is not even close to stopping the outside elements from getting in
 Great looking bumper , but that 's it ! Second ride with it I hit a tree going about 5 mph and it cracked at the weld must have been a real bad weld job
 Item was described as being for a Dodge Ram pick-up ... when recieved it was for a Chevy/GMC . I contacted seller who stated they would make a refund but I had to pay for return shipping . Soooooooooo , I 'm out $ 39.76 for return shipping , plus original shipping costs , for an item that is of no use to me . :-LRB- This deceptive advertisement should be corrected or removed .
 Received the product in good condition with everything needed for install on my Honda Civic . Had it installed professionally at the Honda dealer . They said it installed with no problems , but warned me that often aftermarket catalytic converters will throw error codes due to not having enough platinum in them . Sure enough , about 7 months after the install I got a P0420 `` catalytic converter efficiency below threshold '' error code . Called Dorman , and they said they will honor the warranty through the seller . Basically I would need to return this part to amazon.com , and they will send me a new one . Given the high-ish labor costs , and since I have no confidence a new one will be better , most likely I will keep this one . Not happy with the quality .
 I bought the part from this seller1
 We received our manifold/cat and I was hopeful that it would be as easy to put in as the other reviews had described . The plates between the cat and manifold were not flat - thus after installation the gasket raddled and exhaust still leaked out of the car . A Machine shop had to flatten the parts for them to work properly . Quite the hassle and inconvenience for a home repair . Luckily I 'm not working so the car could sit for a few days until repaired .
 Great price ... but wrong decision ... Shipment went to a US address and then they shipped it back to Canada unopened , when I got it , Catalytic converter was n't included.It will cost me more to send it back for a refund.What a mistake , I learn a big lesson .
 I just learned that this product is not the correct part for my car . It is beyond the 30 day return so I am unable to return this product without losing part of my money . Very disappointed .
 When I received this part , I immediately read the limited warranty registration card . Contrary to what is stated on the Amazon product page and that which an Amazon employee affirmed on 10-1-09 , this product does NOT have a lifetime warranty if it is purchased at Amazon.com . I spoke to a Dorman employee on 10-2-09 . Dorman 's phone number is 215-997 - 1800 . The Dorman rep. told me that Dorman only warrants this manifold and converter for five years or 50,000 miles , whichever the original owner reaches first . Only through authorized dealers of this product can one get a lifetime warranty . Examples of these authorized dealers are O'Reilly Auto Parts , Pep Boys , and Advance Auto . I promptly returned the product to Amazon for a refund and then purchased it at O'Reilly , where it cost about $ 100 more . Trust me ; the lifetime warranty is worth it IF you plan to own your car for more than five years or 50,000 miles . Aftermarket Honda exhaust manifolds , regardless of the manufacturer , often fail after only a few years . I know firsthand because I replaced the same Dorman product today ! If only I had purchased the manifold from an authorized dealer a few years ago . Oh well . Live and learn . Amazon should remove the lifetime warranty claim from its website for it is false advertising .
 Bought this to replace cracked manifold . Went on easy everything fit ok . Cleared cat ineficiency code . Good for 200 miles and cat ineficiency code is back . Thank you dorman for selling me crap .
 I installed this in May of 2010 when I bought it to replace a cracked manifold as many of you so often do and are now in search of this part . After a couple of weeks the CEL came on . I bought a scanner and the Catalyst inefficiency light came on . I replaced both sensors , but to no avail ! The Catalyst on these are not reliable I seriously can not recommend this . After all this time of my CEL reminding me of what a piece of crap this is I finally decided to come on here and warn you all NOT to buy this product . Unfortunately I have not tried to resolve the issue with the manufacturer . I will have to find a suitable replacement at some point . Like I really want to do that !
 Seller -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- took 2 weeks to deliver the Mirror even though it was a 4-5 business day ground delivery.The mirror itself is not well made - no dimming toggle , cheap plastic construction , light bulb cover warped/won ' t stay on.Overall , quite unsatisfied with the purchase/product , and in my opinion not worth the $ 25 I paid for it .
 Your life could depend on this kit , YIKES ! I believe in over building anything I use . So what 's wrong with this kit . Only grade 43 chain , maybe , has an L4 stamp , 3/8 '' hooks , which are n't stamped with a grade rating at all , 5/8 '' shackle -LRB- probably OK -RRB- . I use grade 7 chain and 3/4 '' shackles for my CJ7 , weight , probably between 3700-4000lbs . In assembling the winch tensioner , the hole is too far back in the casting to get the bolt thru . The width of the casting is too narrow to readily accept the chain link , did n't allow for the weld on the link ! After forcing the link into the casting , the second link is firm against the nose leaving a good 1/8 '' to go to get the bolt in . I ground a small notch in the casting to allow the second link to seat itself a little deeper . Being as how you are going to be standing in line with the straps , chain , etc. , the weakest link had better be the shear pin in the jack , ONLY !! You do n't want hooks , chain , etc. breaking under load , I do n't want to walk out with my head tucked under my arm ! I 'll replace the hooks , that 's for sure . For my JEEP , the chain and shackle are probably OK , if not stuck in deep mud , but I 'm not happy . Remember , the shear pin should be the ONLY thing breaking if your exceeding the load limit . I offroad alone in the Rockies , I 'm VERY careful ! With this kit I 'll be even more careful because I never want to be forced to use it !!
 Well this product let me down in a big way . I did n't have time to assemble it before I left on my trip . Got down in the maze and the tensioner mount had the hole drilled to far in so the chain link would n't allow the bolt to go though . Useless . Also the gloves ripped apart the first time I pulled them on . Go get your own chains . This thing was poorly put together .
 To quote another reviewer
 You would be better off going to the hardware store and buying your own D-rings , chains and hooks . Be cheaper and better quality . This kit is just confusing also .
 Kinda bummed when I got this funnel . I thought Mr Gasket was top quality stuff but this funnel has plastic casting pieces that could possibly flake off areound the mesh screen and get into whatever your pouring in . Not impressed . I bought another funnel exactly like this but different brand and way better quality for half the price at ACE hardware . Threw this one away . Win some loose some .
 Like a previous reviewer wrote , if you like in a place where there is snow ... these will bind and rust to your valve stems . Understand , you can add anti-seize or may be even a silicone tape to the threads before you put them on , but those will not be 100 % affective in all cases . I did and was able to get 3 off with some work , but one totally broke off the stem.They do look great , but they can mess up your tires .
 I purchase similar chrome valve stems for my Audi S4 . I thought they looked great and were a nice upgrade from the simple black plastic that all tires have . What a mistake ! About 6 months later , well into an Ohio winter , I needed to put air in my tire . I could not remove the metal cap . After time , it rusted and became stuck on my valve stem . I checked the other tires and two others were completely corroded and/or rusted in place . I could not get them off and could not grip the valve stem any harder or risk twisting it off . I tried everything over the next few days , including penetrating oils and heat . I could not get them off . Finally , I had to take the car into my local tire shop and have new valve stems put it . Cost me $ 100 in labor for 4 stems and 4 simple black plastic caps just so I could put some air in my tires . The Tire shop guys were grinning and said its a rookie mistake they see more than you 'd think . Stay with the plastic !
 These are a disaster . I live in Vermont , and they will destroy your valve stems in extreme weather . Maybe they work in Arizona , but if you live where there is severe winter weather get ready to have problems with these . I can only second the other one star review . Plastic from now on . My car is presently in the shop getting all four valve stems replaced because of these .
 Just thought it is a little suspicious that all of the 5 star reviews have come from people who have only reviewed this product . That fact combined with the ludicrous claims of this product leads me to believe they are all plants !
 This review has two ratings . First , Coverking products do fit well and feel wonderful . Readjusted them once already , may have to continue that . They do n't seem to stay put very well . Maybe a piece of that non-slip stuff used under rugs will work . Now the second part , less complimentary . Their web site does say that '' ... include everything that is needed -- ... console covers ... '' . That is where this company is advertising falsely and incorrectly . I ordered these because my leather front console is peeling . It was not included in the order and , as dealt with by the wonderful people at Autobarn -LRB- ***** 5 star rating for their efforts -RRB- , I have been informed that the console covers are ONLY for consoles that fold up into a seat . This is not so stated on the Coverking website . I may return these as I am dissatisfied at the remaining `` bad '' leather in my car , although the seat looks much better now . Maybe I should have used an actual store .
 I would only recommend this tool to someone who uses it for home . I am a contractor whom owns numerous Dewalt cordless tools and am disappointed in most . I own the 14v and the 12v impacts , and in a matter of 6 months of daily use they have both burned up arbors . The batteries will not keep a charge close to origional . B&D service centers have repaired both under warrenty , but they will not admit to any design flaw . `` Heavy Duty '' , I do n't think so .
 Beware of purchasing this or similar items from Amazon . I inadvertently ordered the wrong item and when I went to cancel my order less than 30 minutes later , they said I could not because it was being prepared for shipping . Still is 2 days later by the way . When I went to their return section , they said that this item could not be returned . Why does someone sell you something that can not be returned to them ?? Now I am stuck with an item that can not be used and cost me a pretty penny to boot or of course I can sell it on Amazon myself , for less and pay the shipping . Go to the stores so you know what you are dealing with . Sure would be nice if they disclosed prior to purchasing that the item can not be returned .
 This is Junk I used to polish my truck and after about 10 minutes it stopped working ! Would not restart again needless to say I had to finish the job by hand . . Would not even give this away to a friend !!! Save your money buy a real one for a little more money !!!!
 It works but you get what you pay for . . I 'll use it till it breaks
 When I first installed the mirror only operated up and downwards . Later it stopped operating at all . You have the option to manipulate the mirror by hand and it does work . I am not sure if the malfunctioning is related to the wires coming out of my truck or is the mirror itself . I will have it checked soon . Price on this item was unbeatable as I checked many other sources and I decided to go for this one .
 I ordered the Dashmat under the premise that it was an easy install , being mechanically retarded this appealed to me ... lol ... I 'm sure it would have been easier had the velcro that came with it actually stuck to the dash . I did what the instructions said , clean the dash thoroughly with a mild solution , NO Armoral , my dash had n't seen Armoral in 10 years in fact . So after fighting , sweating , and swearing over the non-sticky velcro I found myself at the auto store looking for industrial strength velcro . After about 2 hours I had it installed .
 So after doing the head on my 95 2.5 L , it was time for new hoses . I went with Gates as they had a lifetime warranty and I 've had good luck with their belts . Well it turns out the fit on the upper radiator hose . The radiator hose is unusable as it is too short by about 1.5 '' The motor moving around will end up stressing the radiator inlet . The heater hoses are also not a direct fit and need tweaking . Grab a Dayco E71133 - Almost as good fit as OEM .
 Thieves have figured out that instead of trying to hacksaw through The Club or defeat the lock , it 's much easier to just saw through the steering wheel and slip the thing right off . Took the thieves awhile to figure this out while they sold about a billion of them .
 Just cut the steering wheel with a hack saw and you have a club to hit yourself on the head with !
 I have to preface my review by saying that I think my experience with The Club was unique , but nonetheless it was an awful experience . I bought The Club because I park my car on the street and rarely drive it . I did n't want my car to become a target , so I thought purchasing The Club was a great idea . Before putting The Club on my car , I read the directions and tested the keys . The directions were simple and the keys worked , so I went ahead and locked my steering wheel . I left my car on the street for 3 days , but on the fourth day I needed to move it for street sweeping . I went to unlock The Club and my key would not work ! I tried the other key and it also did n't work . My key just stood jammed in the lock unable to move or turn . After fiddling with the keys for 15 minutes , I had no choice but to leave my car on the street . Consequently I ended up receiving a $ 48 parking ticket . While at work , I googled different solutions to my problem and I got a few suggestions . I came home and tried the various tricks I read about , like pushing in the ends while turning the key , and still the key would not turn . I even had a few other people trying unlocking it , hoping that it was just me . But after two people also failed , I had no choice but to call a locksmith . The locksmith came and tried unlocking it as well and even he was shocked that the key would not work . The locksmith ended up having to cut The Club off my car . And sadly , the locksmith cost me an extra $ 200 . Admittedly my car did not get stolen during the 3 days I had The Club , but having a product that also prevents you from driving your car is hardly helpful .
 I bought this exact model lock for my steering wheel less than a year ago from a well known auto parts store chain . Last week , while locking down my steering wheel with this lock , the entire locking mechanism broke off from the shaft . After it broke , I was lucky that I was able to remove the club from my steering wheel . Whats worse is that I took good care of the steering wheel lock . I do not recommend this very poor quality product .
 I am using my second Club , now . I tossed my first one because the rubbery red plastic had aged and was nearly all peeled away . When decluttering my house for sale , I came across the keys to the old Club and thought I would try them on the new one . They fit like my glove goes on over my hand ! I wonder how many different sets of keys there are , if any . . ?
 Car thieves simply use it first to gain the leverage necessary to break the steering column lock.Then they use a small hacksaw and simply cut through your steering wheel and remove the lock now that the wheel can spin freely .
 After a month the key and lock froze up . Tried everything WD-40 trying to take pressure off the lock . Ended up cutting it off with a hacksaw.I was surprised how easy the metal cut . Not sure what to buy next .
 This item really should come with an option to tape it down . The included hardware sends rattling noises throughout your car at speeds over 50mph . No matter how often it was tightened , nor how often I brought it into the shop to be readjusted , it just kept rattling . I was so disappointed when I had to remove this visor , simply because the included hardware was sub-par .
 I installed this wind deflector on my 2005 Toyota Sequoia . The first part of our vacation , I had a cargo carrier on top , so there was too much air movement to open the sunroof at that time . When I removed the carrier , then drove the freeway for the first time with the deflector , at about 65mph , the entire unit started rattling so loudly , I thought I had a tire blow out . I could n't continue on the freeway and took city streets back to my garage to remove it . It took at least 45 minutes to install it , and about 2 minutes to get it off there . So now , I have a useless wind deflector that ca n't be used on the freeway . Not only that , but when I attempted to use the sunroof in the `` vent '' position , the wind deflector prevented it 's use . When I did remove that thing , I discovered a gash in the protective rubber seal around the sunroof . Who 's going to pay for that to be replaced ? It must have happened when it came loose and rattled the hell out of it . What a poor design . Never again will I buy anything `` aftermarket '' to attach to my vehicle . It 's just not worth it . Now the water seal is ruined , and I 'm stuck with a piece of junk that should have never been installed in the first place . Buyer beware !
 Length :
 I was expecting a more stable fit and better build quality . Also did n't expect the product to be dropped from the sky by UPS either , well that is how it looked like the package was delivered . The box it came in was destroyed , if they did n't just leave it without ringing the bell , I would have refused it . Shockingly all the parts it appears were there , just covered in rust dust . Every single piece was covered in this dust , even the inside of the product . The product is made of square steel tubing , even where it fits into the receiver . The fit in the receiver is not acceptable . I have a BACKRACK on my pickup and was going to use this product with it to carry a 40 ' ladder . If you are simply using it to `` EXTEND '' your bed to carry a canoe or kayak it will be fine . To use in a vertical manner as they show , would be silly with the amount of movement that occurs at the top . For the price I was expecting much better quality , I should have known better for the price .
 I choose this truck extender hoping to miss some of the problems associated with the other model on amazon . Unfortunately , this model also suffers from some less than excellent production methods . The two pieces that go together to adjust the height of the support have 5/8 inch holes that do not line up , making use of the included pin impossible . I was able to use this item only because I wanted to transport lightweight mouldings , so I used a 1/2 inch pin instead .
 This review refers to use of the Extend-A-Truck Bed Extender with a 2001 Dodge Dakota .1 -RRB- Poor Welds . If you choose to buy this product inspect all welds and have a welder reinforce any suspect welds . The first time I used the product one of the two ` hooks ' on the ` t ' section snapped -LRB- at the weld -RRB- when I was securing my canoe . The hooks should be a thicker gauge steel and be welded correctly .2 -RRB- Bed Extender Function is Useless . The product can be used as a bed-extender or a t-bar/ladder-lumber rack . The first time I used the product I secured it to my truck as a bed-extender . The first thing that happened when I pulled out of my driveway was that I bottomed out - the steel arm dug into my rock driveway . The driveway is not steep , just has a minor dip at the end . After inspection of the damage -LRB- a few minor scratches -RRB- I decided to keep driving to the canal to launch my canoe . I bottomed out again going over a train track - steel arm dug into the road and stopped me in my tracks . I continued my journey using the ladder-lumber rack function instead . Will not use the bed-extender function again .3 -RRB- Ladder-Lumber Rack Function Requires Additional Securing/Support . Contrary to the pictures supplied by the manufacturer , the product can not be simply inserted into your tow-hitch and be used as a ladder rack -LRB- unstable & unsafe -RRB- . The instructions provided clearly state that when used for roof top hauling that the product must be further secured by ropes to your trailer bed to provide adequate support and strength for safe use -LRB- not illustrated in manufacturer photos online -RRB- . Simply done but misleading advertising and the product provides no attachment points for securing . You basically have to attach a rope to one corner of you trailer bed , wrap the rope around the vertical up-right then secure the rope to the other corner of the bed - looks pretty dodgy/tacky . I will continue to use this product -LRB- for roof top hauling only -RRB- to transport my canoe but I would recommend any potential buyers to look for another option .
 The Darby bed extender can be mounted in two positions
 I just received the Darby Extend a Truck . Package appeared to have been opened before and taped shut again . Mounted it on my truck and the T-bar appeared crooked . Got out the old square and found the T-section was out of square by about 1/2 inch over a 2 foot section , making one side appear 1 inch lower than the other side . Plan to call the company and see if they 'll send me a new T-Section . Otherwise I 'll take it to a welder and have him square it up . I 'm sure it will work OK for carrying kayaks , but they ought to check to make sure the T-section is square . Not even close .
 siad item would charge an ipod touch in car ... did not work . . got message saying ipod did not support this product .
 The Tigger hitch cover looks great , it 's made of metal , and looks like it would last through a lot of punishment . It does not fit into a 1.25 '' receiver though .
 To Whom that orders this lights , beware , because you will only get one single light , regardless what you see on the picture , one light no wires , no fuse no switch , nothing but one light , and do not waste your time contacting Amazon , because on their catalog specifies one light but on their website it does not , so if you want two of them be prepared to spend some bucks . $ 124.38 for two lights , $ 6.99 for wires , $ 10.99 for a relay , $ 3.99 for a fuse holder , $ 4.98 for a switch , for a grand total of $ 151.33 .
 I saw the two lights and was in a hurry , All you get is one light and a sticker . BEWARE !!!
 After 1 month it failed to take or hold a charge . What a waste of a lot of money .
 I saved a lot of money , after replacing it did not fix the problem and now 3 other things do not work . They may be the fault of the dealer that programed
 I ordered this product for my son 's 1995 Nissan 200sx . This item claimed `` nibbed '' backing and displays attachment grommet for the driver 's side . The product I received was not nibbed -LRB- the backing was flat -RRB- and did not have driver 's side attachment grommet installed . I ordered the set of four grey mats , color was closer to black/charcoal than grey -LRB- I expected something much closer to a medium or even a light or dark grey but not nearly black -RRB- . I feel the product description was misrepresented . Quality of product seems good .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Looked great when I bought it , had high hopes . Moved from MA to NY in pretty good rain , opened up the bag and everything was soaked from the bottom up . Not sure if it was because the felt bottom was in contact with the roof of the car , but AMAZON said this was recommended with the roof rack I purchased . Terribly dissapointed , I hate writing bad reviews , but I bought this because it was supposed to be WATERPROOF . Wish I could return it .
 I suggest you do n't buy this item . I bought it about 2 weeks ago then went on a 800 mile trip to Colorado . The RackSack was easy to use but buy the time we got back it had basically come apart on the inside of the compartment . If you hit any wind at all the Sack also vibrates -LRB- the tie straps -RRB- , you can help this by twisting the straps but it is still hard to keep all parts of it from flapping .
 We bought two dashmats on Amazon for two different cars . The other one was so badly done we had to send it back . This one only had one flaw , a silly 1 `` x6 '' flap that was mis-sewn and hung wrong . No matter how long you let it sit , it would never look right . We folded it under and now the dashmat looks ok . Maybe cut it off someday and resew the piping to make it look like a professional job.As I 've said in another review , Dashmat products we ordered on Amazon do n't seem to be the quality they once were . I 'm looking at other brands from now on .
 Wax was so thin that it ran out of the cans during transit and wasunuseable when I received it . Not a good product at all
 This is not pure carnauba wax . It contains petroleum distillates . Made what I needed this for take a lot longer . The distillates can be somewhat evaporated by letting it sit out uncovered , but it takes a very long time .
 This So-called Pure Carnauba Wax is Crap ! 1st this Wax has Petroleum Distillates in it ? A High Quality Pure Carnauba Wax , Does Not Have Petroleum in it ! 2nd it 's difficult to remove ! 3rd it does n't leave a slick slippery finish at All ! 4th The shine is nothing to write home about ! So I returned this crappy wax , which in it self was a waste of money and time ! I 'm going back to one of the Best Carnauba paste waxes out there for the money , and that is `` Blitz Carnauba paste wax ! '' Blitz Wax blows Mudders wax away ! Heck , Black Magic 's wet shine liquid wax blows mudders away !!
 I normally use a different clay bar -LRB- from `` Uber '' -RRB- , and wanted to try a more easily attainable over-the-counter clay . I gave this clay bar system a shot . There are actually three products :1 . The clay itself . I found this clay to be very underwhelming because it is an extremely mild clay . I was claying a friend 's vehicle which has never been clayed before in 5 years , so I was expecting the clay to pick up quite a lot of contaminants , especially from the hood and trunk . It definitely picked up some , but only amounted to about 50 % , even after two passes . The surface still did n't feel smooth . I then went back to my usual clay bar , clayed the trunk and hood again . Upon examining my clay bar , there was the other 50 % that the Mothers clay did n't pick up . Also , the Mothers clay is fairly sticky and soft . If you have nitrile or latex gloves , be sure to wear them ! Even with gloves on , I found that the clay kept getting bigger and flatter simply from the light pressure of me claying . It eventually gets so large and flat to the point it 's clumsy to use , so I ended up prematurely re-folding the clay -LRB- which is particularly irritating since it has n't picked up all that many contaminants to begin with ! -RRB- . By itself , I would rate the clay bar 1 star .2 . The microfiber towel . This is a decent microfiber cloth ; nothing fancy . Do n't be mistaken that you can use this cloth by itself to wipe off all the detailing spray you use for an entire car . You will need multiple microfiber towels . The towel itself is pretty thin , and wo n't absorb much liquid . One side has longer nap than the other . It would probably be better for buffing polish or wax . By itself , I would rate this microfiber towel 2 stars .3 . Showtime Instant Detailer . I thought this was a decent product . It has pretty good lubricity , so when claying , the clay glides effortlessly over the paint . There 's a pleasant smell which reminds me of lotion or soap . My only gripe is that I ended up using the entire 16oz bottle on this one car . As such , I do n't think this is the most cost effective clay lube or quick detailer available . By itself , I would rate this quick detailer 3 stars .
 Just got a car that the paint needed some TLC to bring it back to life.Having some Turtle Wax '' liquid clay bar '' i tried that on a fender and was amazed at what it did.I knew i did not have enought to do the whole car so i went looking online for more.What i found was the liquid clay bar was highly critisized and the `` real '' clay bar was deemed so much superior i went in that direction.When i got the '' Mothers system '' i was well prepared having watched online video 's and reviews etc.Was i ever disapointed !! A complete PITA to work with a piece of silly putty in one hand while sraying detailer to lube it with the other and wiping it down with thier `` special '' cloth after . . Compared the area with the one i used the liquid clay on and what i did in one quarter the time looked much better than the solid clay bar area.I finished the car with the liquid clay bar.Having the kit with the included '' carnuba '' wash/wax i gave that a try . . supposed to be a wash and wax all in one.The car was clean after the liquid clay bar so i cant say how well the wash part of it worked but the wax part was non existant . . Used Mequires `` gold class '' liquid wax after and what a shine then ! . I do like the microfiber towel they included : -RRB- I may also have thought this a good product if i had not already used something far better and easier .
 I worry that I will not get the product to the rest of the items and I would like my money losing follow , UPS unknown product , apply a solution to my problem
 The product works fine , but the package was suppose to have two clay bars . It only had one . I would hope that Mothers is better than that . I can not recommend Mothers for quality control reasons . I feel ripped off .
 Griots clay is much better . Mothers clay leaves streaks even when heavily lubricated making the whole process very difficult . Mothers products are not all that good in my opinion . overrated
 I have been detailing cars and aircraft for forty years.I have tried almost every thing out there as far as waxes and cleaners go.I 'm am a old school Simoniz guy . Yea , lots of work ... but it works.I would always use a cleaner first , Dupont worked.I figured it might be time to try something new.So I tried the Mothers clay bar . Did not work well.I tried Meguires Clean and wax and that stuff is great.Tried Klasse , real good stuff.Micro fiber . . the more you spend , the better you get.The clay was a joke .
 Used it on 2005 Honda Accord -LRB- Eternal Bluee Pearl -RRB- to remove water spots . This product is useless . Definitely does not do what it advertises .
 This is going to a brief review . I tried clay bars after reading all the rave reviews on them . I think that claying helps with removing a good amount of the contaminants lodged on the surface and gives it a smoother finish that can be felt with the hand which will bring a smile to your face.On the other hand these contaminants transferred to the clay or in the paint cause scratches even when using a generous amount of the lubricant and rubbing carefully . I have frequently noticed new scratches just after I clayed my car . This did not bring a smile to my face . I had to spend extra time and effort polishing and waxing to get rid of these new scratches . I followed the exact instructions posted on the product but was not able to avoid these scratches.I think that either the directions and usage conditions need to be specified with more exactness OR the whole idea of claying is flawed .
 I was not impressed with this kit . The clay is fantastic , but the detailed that is included just sucks.First , I had to use an entire bottle to keep the clay lubricated around my entire small car . The ad clearly states that this bottle will last &#34; many &#34; cars . No . Not if you do n't want clay residue on your car.Next , after claying my car , the excess quick detailed dried . Oh no problem , instructions say you can clean with more detailer . WRONG . With tons of muscle and even more quick detailer , I was unable to clean the surface . I had to reach for my trusty 3M compound remover .
 Fan was noisy and always had electrical smell , has now failed within 30 days of installing it . Putting original fan back in ... at least it works but needs to be `` hit '' sometimes to make it start . This one seems to have burned out . NOT HAPPY . Apparently Amazon offers no warranty , not sure how to make a claim , nothing obvious in any of the documentation from Amazon OR manufacturer .
 The locks on this item are garbage , absolutely worthless . The lock/latch on one side came broken and the other side broke on the first day ! We purchased the swing arm model and the lever to release the swing arm does n't work if anything is in the box , it only works when the box is empty . This has the potential to be a great product however with the current locks and shoddy design , I would avoid this product . Buy the Thule , I regret not buying it . See , http://www.amazon.com/Thule-665C-Transporter-Combi-Hitch-Mount/dp/B00152VYLQ/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid;=1345945866&sr;=8-3&keywords;=thule+trailer.If you decide to buy this product like I did and its defective it will cost you a fortune to ship it back , which you have to do to get a refund.I STRONGLY RECOMMEND STAYING AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT !!
 I bought this hoping for a good portable 12v source . After charging for 36 hours the unit would n't hold a charge . It reverted to a red LED after about 20 seconds powering a 20 watt light . Given the batteries used it should have lasted 40 - 45 minutes .
 I 'm not sure why Coleman thinks that plugging a tiny 12V battery into your cigarette lighter socket will charge your BIG 12V battery that is dead . It 's evident that the internal pack is only 13.2 VDC from Bruce Miller 's photo . 12V lead acid car batteries are fully charged at 12.8 and close to dead at 12.0 after a 24 hour rest . Assuming you have a dead battery your mayby 12.0 - 12.1 V and trying to coach a charge from a 13.2 VDC battery with 6 feet of tiny wire in between offering resistance and more voltage loss.The best chargers put out nearly 15V pulse charge during a charge cycle -LRB- e.g. CTEK CTK7002 MULTI US 7002 Battery Charger which ** DOES ** charge dead bats fast -RRB- . With 13.2 in a nicad pack thats lost some charge already it 's probably down to 13.0 offering a 1V difference . Surprise it does n't work.Thanks go out to Mr. Miller for his photography inside the dud product . Had they added a couple more cells it * MIGHT * have had the needed voltage to charge a dead/dying 12VDC bat , and had they used D or F -LRB- elongated D -RRB- cells it would have had merrit but a C nicad , already down from 1.2 V in storage is n't going to do the trick . My big surprise is coleman , a name we have trusted for years , made such a contraption.I got one of these as a gift and just laughed . I ended up using the battery in an alarm - something more its size .
 After charging this device for over 24 hours I set it up to charge my cellphone but ran out of juice -LRB- without charging the phone -RRB- in less than a minute ! It obviosly does not hold a charge .
 Bought a couple of these to replace torn boots on my old Honda Accord . They did n't last but a few thousand miles before I noticed that half the screws/nuts had worked themselves loose and grease was getting everywhere . I gave up and had a mechanic remove the axles and boot real boots on . The mechanics at the shop were actually laughing about these boots and saying `` gee , have n't seen one of these in a long time , they never last long '' .
 The description of `` universal fit '' is misleading . It was much too big for my Hyundai Accent . Plus hard to install . Better off to buy entire shaft assembly .
 This does not fit properly they have the wrong plug attached to the cable . SO it does not work with the unit . Its too cheap to return . This was a waste of money .
 Wheel bearings should last longer than six months . I will not be doing a warranty return because poor quality bearings can cause an accident .
 I installed this on a 1992 Mitsubishi 3000GT VR4 . My old boots were cracking , but not yet leaking , so the CV joint was good and I hoped using this product would be good maintenance.Installation was difficult for a split boot . The supplied solvent glue has a tendency to dissolve holes in the boot when used in the amounts described by the instructions.I just checked the boot after six months of use . The end seals are poor . The large end is leaking grease , and the small end seams loose on the shaft .
 I was trying to save money , and this boot assembled very well , but it only stayed on the CV Joint end for a few days . I 've been an auto and aircraft mechanic and installed the bands around the ends very tightly with perfectly clean surfaces , but the boot is too stiff to flex properly.After spending $ 24 for the boot , I spent $ 75 for a new axle -LRB- Honda Accord -RRB- and installed it , which took the same amount of time as putting on the boot.Nice idea , very poor product .
 I wanted to try this out because this is inexpensive -LRB- cost me $ 19 -RRB- and the only other alternatives were to replace the OEM boot myself -LRB- or replace the half-axle with a rebuilt core -RRB- or take it to a shop . The parts to do it myself would have also been fairly cheap , $ 60 for a rebuilt axle or $ 20 or so for the boot , plus rental for special tools , etc. . Also , a lot more time and chance for things to mess up . Taking it to a shop would have cost about $ 300 , so I figured this would be worth trying it the `` easy '' way . What a mistake.First off , you have to weld the halves together along one seam , then let it set for a while . The problem here is 2-fold . First off , you do n't need much , and I mean NOT MUCH , of the solvent . Get a drop in every inch or so along the seam , and that 'll be enough . Too much and all it does is run down the boot and melts it along the way , and you will get pin-prick holes in it -LRB- not enough to worry about though -RRB- . Secondly , you have to let the boot half sit for a couple hours for the solvent to set . However , and this is a first , the solvent is so d * #n volatile , the rest of it actually evaporated out of the tube ! They give you 2 tubes of this stuff , which is fortunate , but when you go to seal up the 2nd seam of the boot -LRB- once it 's put on -RRB- , you have the same problem . You really need more solvent for the last step , sealing up the `` plug '' on the small end , but again the tube ran dry . With this second tube , I tried using a toothpick to plug up the hole in the tube , but once again , after a couple hours , it all evaporated ! What the heck is this stuff?Also , this thing is definitely not `` once size fits all . '' You have cinch up the large end by one rung in order for it to be snug on that side , but then it 's too short on the small end to safely secure around the `` plug . '' Then there 's the small-end `` plug '' itself , and this is really the weak spot . It comes in 2 pieces that are are supposed to interleave around the axle , but again , it was too small for my axle and thus did not wrap around completely . This was also a problem with putting on the small end around the plug , which is the last step . Because the `` plug '' was too small , it bulged up making it impossible to wrap the small end the entire way around the plug . Also , because the `` plug '' -LRB- sorry , but I do n't know what else to call this thing -RRB- is tapered , it 's easy for it to slip off since it 's not snug . And this is exactly what happened . Getting the band wrapped tight around the small end is virtually impossible , and sure enough after a few turns , it popped right off . Also , getting those bands on is not as easy as it seems . It 's very easy to over-tighten them -LRB- I did this twice -RRB- and the swivels that go back on themselves to finish the tightening have very fragile pins in them , and on one of my bands these broke.Overall , after spending a combined 20 or so hours on this , and having to do it twice essentially , I 'm ready to spend the $ 300 for a shop to put in a rebuilt half-axle instead . Too bad , I like to do my own maintenance , but you need good non-OEM products to use , which this is n't .
 This part is shown in many places I checked to be `` Exact Fit for your 1996 Subaru Legacy Outback '' . I liked the idea of saving the time and effort of removing the whole axle assembly , etc. . It is NOT an exact fit and it CAN NOT BE MODIFIED to be an exact fit . -LRB- I 'm yelling on purpose -RRB- I wasted 3 hours and 20 bucks on this part and where I 'm annoyed is - DORMAN KNOWS IT DOES N'T WORK , BUT THEY ALLOW IT TO BE SHOWN AS AN EXACT FIT BY THEIR RETAILERS . Do n't buy it unless you have used it before and you KNOW it works for the application . Dorman does n't supply dimensions to ensure fitment - your only shot at that is to go to the Dorman website and see if your car is listed . Apparently they do n't mind if their retailers give out wrong info , but they do n't want to - not directly . I would n't trust them on this one , after having had the experience . Hey I could have bought a complete remanufactured axle assembly for 50 bucks , which is what I 'm going to have to do now .
 did not fit my 99 corolla well at all . It is virtually impossible to glue this on the vehicle without getting grease on the seam , rendering it impossible to glue at the joint
 i got the boot and went to install it and the boot itself was torn!this is a poor quality product.just do the job right with a real boot and axle .
 In theory this is a a good idea , but in reality this is not good . It 's a harder rubber/plastic and very cumbersome to put on , fasten , and then grease your bearings . There are other brands of quick boots that work better . This product is not flexible enough .
 sorry to say it did not fit my 2001 Dodge Dakota 4wd . about 1/4 '' to 1/2 '' too small in diameter . replaced the whole shaft at my cost of about $ 70 .
 I just recieved this item after purchasing it on a competitor website . I was really satisfied in buying it as I thought it would be a really nice tool . However , after opening the tool any thoughts of happiness vanished . First thing , I now understand what OTC stands for , that being Ode To China . I have had OTC tools before , a set of spring compressors , which were pretty decent , and $ 100 , a Ford seal installer for vacuum hubs , again it worked and cost $ 70 . And a few others . I now see these are all cheap made Chinese bullcrap tools that cost a fortune . OTC must be raking in billions of dollars doing this . Now , back to the tool . Excitement flowed as I carefully cut open the package , and after a little fight the tool was out . It felt good , solid . Then I started to manipulate the `` interchangable '' probes . NO GO ! The alligator clip did what it was supposed to , but the needle did not . Frustration sets in . A few minutes of studying and I try again . Nope , the needle doesnt want to hook to the clamp end . Out comes a 5/16 wrench and I start moving things around . Then the end opposite the test light moves , and the whole terminal slips out of the housing . Then I notice the crappy solder job terminating the wire to the insert , to the point it is loose and I wonder if it will even work . More manipulation , albeit careful manipulation , I just spent $ 20 on this and I treat all my tools like they are kids . Finally after about 15 minutes , I switch the banana clip plastic sleeve for the one on the needle , and it fits on the test light , and the banana clip , after forcing , slips over the same . So now , it works . But then I notice the plasitic sleeves are cracked , and not from me . And also the sleeve over the alligator clip is also cracked . Reading on the package , yep , Made in China , should have known . So , it will work for now I think , but rest assured I will save and buy a $ 50 Snap-on test light in the future , no really , I will go to Harbor Freight and buy another $ 4.99 test light that I replaced with this one , and I am sure that it will put this OTC to shame . DO NOT BUY THIS POS !!!
 The product looked great when it arrived but did not fit my 2005 GMC even though the E-Bay `` Does It Fit '' utility said it would .
 This product is not meant for all gaskets , stay away . It caused my car to smoke up , waste of money .
 very stringy and gets everywhere . it also stains everything it touches and did not seal as well as i had hopes , still have oil leak
 put it on my carbs , about a 2 weeks later i had a leak , so i took the carb back apart , it gooped up everything every where , spend the money , buy new gaskets for carbs , or use the old ones , do n't use this
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 i bought this because i did n't want to spend an arm and a leg for a plug , but , i got what i paid for.won ' t stay in place without a clip.seems to be very brittle plastic , not soft at all , so i feat that if anything bumps into it , in the cold weather , it will just likely shatter.would recommend a different product .
 Ca n't believe they still sell these . If your engine happens to backfire , the foam will immediately catch on fire and the goop can fall all over the carb , rendering it unusable . Just search for `` Edelbrock triangle of death . '' They 're called that for a very good reason .
 I bought this filter thinking it would be a better choice than stock . I was wrong . It clogs up very fast . I washed it after every ride but over the course of 700 miles or so it became more and more restrictive . I would not buy another one . They are great on cars , but for an ATV stock is better than these . It also has far less surface area than the stock Arctic Cat filter .
 Absolutely garbage . Only one gasket came and it was broken up into many pieces . The package appeared very old and water damaged . I would never purchase from this supplier again . Better off going to your local auto parts store .
 Item was too shallow to clear the fuel hose . The description of `` 4x14 '' '' only applies to the box , and it is not described as having a recessed bottom . Be forewarned , return shipping if it does not fit your application is not free . I should have bought locally - I am now spending 3x what I saved with Amazon 's price to return the item to them . It also says that it comes with a reusable foam filter element . The box mine came in was opened , so that may be an indication of tampering , but I was sent a paper filter .
 Dont waste your money on this Covercraft hood bra !! I hated the material . It didnt fit over my hood like a glove . It never wouldve stayed on because it was already too big . I also hated how it hooked to the underside of my hood . Ive had a Colgan Custom -LRB- who is the founder of the car bra -RRB- on my other vehicle for 9 years , dont know why i switched . I know why , because i tried saving some money , big mistake . Do yourself a favor and buy a Colgan Custom . Yes , they are twice as much money , but it is totally worth it !!
 SENT THE WRONG ONE-RETURNED IT - FOUND IT CHEAPER AT A DIFFERENT WEB SITE-GOT THE SAME BRAND -LRB- DASHMAT -RRB- OTHER SITE WORKS GREAT NO PROBLEMS
 I ordered one of these for my subaru - did n't even come CLOSE to fitting properly . It 's the usual cheap automotive grade carpet as well . Avoid and get something you can see in person and make sure fits .
 The adhesive does n't bind at all . I even tried gluing my finger to the windshield . The stuff just does n't dry or stick , even with the accelerant .
 I ordered a sno-stuff windshield for my 440 bearcat . This pile of junk did not last 100 miles . Cracked in several places and it was never rolled and I never ran into anything .
 Correct part but it was broken because the person who did inspect the box would have seen the holds in it.And I would tell you that if it was my business all of my staff would have the right to not ship a broken part but get it replaced.would have more respect for that shipper . So when back on line and found the part local and was able to get my car back up and running . yes I would buy again and I had a problem with this but the return and refund was fast and for that i give you an A + .
 these headers are junk ive never used something so bad well actually the last set of flowtech headers i had were just as bad dont fit had to beat them out because they were wedgedin the car no concieable way to make them fit the car at all look like they belong on a truck
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 The accumulators available here are old stock items made in West Germany and are over 20 years old . According to automotive engineers , the shelf life for this part is only 10 years , so they fail quickly.You get what you pay for , and this is an example of a part far past its life expectancy .
 Although these pressure accumulators are attractively priced when compared to other parts sources , please be careful and conduct your due diligence before buying one . My old pressure accumulator works MUCH better than this supposed brand new one . After installing this `` new '' one on my car the brakes did function OK , but the ABS warning light was lit up constantly when driving the car . Also the brake pedal did not feel as firm as when using the old pressure accumulator . NOTE
 This switch worked for only a few months . When the summer came around I noticed my temperature would get pretty hot , then the fan would finally kick in . Then over the next week or so , every time I would stop at a light or in traffic the coolant temp would get very high , almost to overheat ! Scared the hell out of me . It took a little bit of troubleshooting , but this piece of junk switch stopped working . It would provide hardly enough continuity , so my fan switch relay would cycle rapidly , but never engage until my car was ready to overheat!I used this on my 1999 Honda Civic EX D16Y8 motor . I ended up going to the part store and bought a switch that has a lifetime warranty . Save the hassle , and buy a decent radiator coolant temperature switch with a warranty .
 I got the K&N ; for my 01 Grand Marquis . I was skeptical for a long time but seeing Amazon 's lower prices vs Autozone I decided to give it a shot . I was hoping to see an increase in gas mileage . Unfortunately it had the exact opposite effect . With a paper STP I can get my car to average 24.5-25 .5 mpg when driving conservatively . With the K&N ; filter in I saw my mileage immediately drop to 23.5 . I put the paper filter back in and just got 25.5 . When driving 400 miles a week that equals 1.02 gallons/week . . So with gas at $ 3.80 / gallon after 2 weeks the savings from this `` lifetime filter '' has exceeded the cost of a paper filter from increased gas consumption ... I reset my trip odometer every time I fill up and even while driving , comparing the gas gauge to the trip odometer I could see the KN was reducing my MPG . As for power , maybe a little at WOT but that 's it and with this car it 's got enough stock power so you really never have to push it to WOT.So there you have it . Maybe these other people have had their mpg go up ... or maybe they 're driving more conservatively after the KN cuz they 're paying more attention to their gas consumption/driving style and want to see it pay off . Buyer beware ...
 I loved the design but it was not meant to withstand sun . Faded quite a bit in a year or two . Probably should not be used on a car ... maybe on a binder or something .
 This tip will not fit a 27/8 '' exhaust pipe , let alone a 3 '' pipe . I will be returning the tip as it is useless to me .
 The description of the item stated it was a 3 inch inlet . It is not 3 inches . It is slightly smaller and will not fit on a 3 inch tail pipe . Quality is good . Wish it fit .
 I ordered one of these from Summit Racing in Mar 2011 . Put it on an 81 Chevy K10 with a near-stock Goodwrench crate motor . Developed some flywheel clearance issues that required replacing the flexplate . Had to take this starter to a machine shop to have 0.100 '' milled off the mounting pad to get the clearance right . The guy at the machine shop said the starter drive was not performing correctly . He was right . The clutch/sprag on the pinion shaft had stripped out . Probably bound up on the flywheel and stripped - my fault - admittedly . However , what is NOT my fault is the fact that this a cobbled together made-in-Taiwan starter . Trust me , you will NOT find a replacement starter drive/pinion for it . Yes it is a TYPE of Delco PG260 ; one of many types . The aluminum cone , solenoid -LRB- 2 screw solenoid - try finding one of those too -RRB- , and the armature all all odd ball types . The starter is made by UniPoint in Taiwan and has `` 3041 '' stamped on it . Scour the internet and you will eventually discover this starter was made as a replacement for Mercruiser Marine inboards using GM and Volvo engines . Go to the unipoint website and you will then see the only thing they make for it in replacements parts is the brush assembly - no pinion . So , I emailed ProForm about 36 hours ago - no reply . so I called , got put on hold , then the guy who answers tells me `` the guy '' who could maybe help me with that wo n't be back in the office for 4 days ; thanks , goodbye . I suppose they just aim to tell you that you 're gon na need to buy another starter . If you could get a replacement pinion drive , it would cost nearly half the price of the starter.You can not get parts for this thing .
 Like many folks buying auto parts on Amazon , I try to save money by buying the part online and installing it myself or having my mechanic install it so I can avoid the markup on dealer supplied parts . Do NOT do this with this part . Installation of this sensor required my motor to be disassembled , the part put in , and the motor reassembled costing around $ 450 in labor . My -LRB- ASE certified -RRB- mechanic did this and the ODB-II code was not resolved . I 'm not sure if the part was defective or if the compatibility selection by Amazon was wrong , but this part was definitely the problem . The mechanic just replaced the sensor with an -LRB- presumably -RRB- OEM part and my car is purring again . After calling Amazon , they are issuing me a refund for the defective part only , but I 'm chalking up all the wasted time , anxiety , effort and money to a cheap lesson in buying this type of auto part on Amazon
 I ordered a master cylinder for my camry . The part number matched , but the part was not the same . No reservoir . I will try once more . The box should have a shipping label and phone number for immediate questions .
 The hose seems pretty good quality but it did n't fit my car like it said . I had to cut it and even then it did n't fit right . I own a 1997 3000GT . The hose has some tough structure to it , which a good thing . It did seem a bit small on the inner diameter , but perhaps it is supposed to be . I 'm using it , but I wish it would have fit better .
 I manage to returned those chime alarm to my Chevy 2008 after market Radio replacement but the chime trigger only once . For overspeeding alarm you have to stay at 120 kph for about 15 seconds before single alarm heard . same in hand break warning . It will not give you warning that the hand break is engaged when car is on the move . It will trigger only after 15 seconds and only one bit of chime only
 Spend The Extra Money If You Plan On Using It On Your Car I Have A 90 Dollar One That This Was Going To Replace Not
 These bristles are flexible and so easily bend around trim and other details , but the material is NOT very soft . The bristles feel exactly like those of a cheap paintbrush -- scratchy plastic . The ends of the bristles have been sanded or squished to `` soften '' them but they are not soft like a quality brush . The bristles look like sun-damaged hair . There was a LOT of nylon dust in the brush when it arrived and had to be washed out several times.This brush is no softer than a similar brush I got at Costco several years ago . I prefer that one since the bristles wrap around the sides of the brush , which makes washing the car easier , faster , and less damaging .
 I ordered a repair manual for my Kia , I have no idea what they sent me but it was not in English and apparently their customer service sucks and Amazon would not step up to the plate either . . So I was looking forward to a restocking fee and being stuck paying postage . Well `` they '' said the book arrived damaged , and I got assessed additional fees . So I will not be ordering anything from these folks again , and I am not sure if I will order anything from Amazon either since they did not support me . I have returned things in the past but never had any such issues ...
 Dash cover was of pretty good quality but the fit for 95 Bonneville Pontiac was an awful fit . It needed to be at least one and 0ne half inches larger especially along the front edge . Sides were a short fit . Cut outs were fair fit . Sun can blister and crack exposed area . Back to the old towel to cover the dash .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Part # 158-0021 injector seal kit does not fit the Fiat FI motors . Do n't order these as they are too big . Buy from regular known Fiat parts dealer .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Although the blurb and cover promise an updated version covering through 2010 models , there are major things in my 2009 that are not even mentioned
 This manual does not provide a very accurate representation of that you 'll find in your Hyundai . It 's and OK tool to have but certainly not the best .
 Not what I expected from what I heard on link to YouTube . I wanted a LOUD horn for my motorcycle to get other driver 's attention when they are too busy TEXTING or too busy fumbling w / their phone . This was about equal to what I already have . I bought a BadBoy air horn locally and it does the trick .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 I wanted to return the taillight and both emailed and called the seller multiple times for return information . Have not received any responses .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 Tool advertised as being able pull steering wheels on all late model GM & Chrysler Cars . Ordered for use on 1999 Buick Regal . None of the bolts fit the steering wheel . Had to jury rig with bolts and nuts not provided .
 I put this in my 1997 Jaguar Vanden Plas . There was a noticeable improvement in gas millage . After 6 months , I washed the filter , let it dry then misted it lightly with K&N filter oil per the instruction . 2 days later the cold air sensor , thru put sensor , and retard return circuit fault all reported errors . I disassembled the whole intake line for cleaning up but still could not clear the cold air sensor and retard return circuit errors . I ended up brought the car to dealer for service that cost me $ 880 . I still have it in my car . I washed it again and misted it with very very light oil . If you want to put this in your car , be careful , K&N filter oil has been reported to cause trouble with intake sensors in many modern cars . I just bought 2 filters for my Jaguar Super V8 and Mercedes E350 . I washed them out of the box and applied a very very light mist of oil . So far so good .
 This product has caused my truck 's mass flow sensor troubles ending in check engine light coming on . I believe the code was P0101 . The tech said it was suppose to be a `` dry '' system and the oil based filter will inevitably end up depositing oil on the controller .
 This item is a 5-star item most definitely , but there are many things that seemed to be working against me when ordering this item from Amazon . I had been shopping around for a few weeks comparing different hitch receivers and prices . I was NOT going to originally order through Amazon based upon other customer reviews here . All of a sudden Amazon popped up with a new , very low price and I could get the free shipping with my Prime membership . Since it seemed like a great deal , I figured that surely Amazon would have fixed the problem with shipping this item by now since the other reviews were kind of old . Then it all went downhill ... Even with my free 2-day Prime membership shipping , it took a week for the item to arrive . It arrived only as the hitch receiver . No box , no wrapping , no instructions , no mounting hardware , no drawbar , etc. . Just a big metal bar with a shipping label tied to it . Pathetic . It had obviously been beat up in transit and it did n't have any of the items that were supposed to accompany it . I immediately called Amazon . They wanted me to return the item . Once they received it , they would send me another one . Well I was not about to go through what another reviewer went through where the second item was shipped badly , too . The customer service agent was understanding , I will say , and they finally agreed to send my replacement immediately -LRB- I received 30 days to return the first item before being charged -RRB- . Even though they were going to overnight it , they said it would take almost a week to arrive . Again , pathetic . She also told me that they were going to investigate the item and temporarily suspend it from the website so they can solve the problem with the shipping facilities . It 's been almost a month and this has yet to be done.When I received the second item it arrived practically the same way , only this time the drawbar and hardware bag were barely attached to the hitch receiver . When trying to install the `` 10 minute install '' item on my car , the threads on the bolts ended up being too small for my 2005 Toyota Matrix , even though this item is made specifically for my car . I would n't be surprised if the Amazon shipping facility did n't take care YET AGAIN and attached any old hardware.SUMMARY
 I had the same problem as the previous seller . The item did not come packaged and did not have any mounting hardware - just the receiver . I notified Amazon about the problem and they immediately processed another one to be shipped to me . However , the second shipment was exactly the same as the first - just the receiver . I had to lug these two heavy pieces of metal to the postal service to return it . What a hassle . Now I 'm still waiting on my refund .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I find this to be just a expensive cover not that much to be expected . Had to order separate seal for the portion behind the window . Buy any solid type for better sealant from the weather and for security .
 Nicely done AUTOPARTSWAY.COM OR AMAZON . The item listed was listed incorrectly . The picture identifies a Kansas State truck guard while the description identifies a Kansas truck guard . HUGE difference when you 're a Kansas State fan ...
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 The hitch itself is fine and instructions to mount seem straightforward.However , they should not claim that it comes with a drawbar , nor show one in the product photo if it does not come with one . Based on other people 's experiences with not getting one , I will just go to a local auto parts store to get one . Frustrating !!!
 DID NOT COME WITH DRAWBAR ! And do n't even bother calling amazon cause they said it did , and that 's that . If you do buy this prepare to buy your own drawbar and you 'll have to remove a stop inside the receiver . I ended up using a step drill bit to remove the stop and then my Reese drawbar would fit . Not too suprised that this is again another bad experience with amazon they did n't care , other than them saying you can return it then we 'll refund your money and then you can reorder it ! What a waste of TIME !
 Product Features * Drawbar , pin and clip are included -LRB- NO , NO , AND NO -RRB- THESE PARTS WERE NOT INCLUDED IN THE SHIPMENT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! * Rated for 2,000 pounds GTW Gross Trailer Weight and 200 pounds tongue weight * Backed by a lifetime warranty * Resistant against black rust * Includes mounting hardware and easy to read installation instructions
 bought this to replace a cracked manifold on my truck . after removing the old one started getting the new one ready . installed the air injection plugs.went to get lunch . about 2 hours later came back to the job found small cracks by the plugs cast is to soft installed due to need for truck will have to replace again at later time
 These are supposed to be ceramic pads , with the usual expected benefits
 pros : looks good . cheap.cons : not at all bright . . i couldnt see it without me being 3 feet next to it . if i cant see it then chances are im gon na go unnoticed when i have an emergency call . would not recommend . was able to exchange it for a strobe version.other : dont waste your money on this . be smart and spend a little more on the strobe or the LED one . you would be better off .
 looks cheap , the base is HORRIBLE ! its barely holding on to the roof top of my vehicle . the cord is not 10ft , its 2 ft maybe even less !! it stops working if you touch the cord ! Im not happy with the product ! the owner LIED on his post !! but when you really think about it it was 12 $ . . i mean what did i expect . .
 2007 Kia Optima V6I took the top section -LRB- Surge Tank -RRB- off of the intake manifold when changing the spark plugs , but when I tried to re-assemble it , I realized that the gasket does not fit . It 's close , but it 's an inch or so short and several inches wider . Local parts stores had the same incorrect gasket listed as well . I had to purchase the part from a local dealer ... Very frustrating
 This is billed as a universal puller/installer , and if you go to OTC 's website , you see it specifically listed as compatible with Ford 's 4.0 L V6 OHV engine . However , it actually is n't compatible when it comes to reinstalling the harmonic balancer . The problem is that Ford 's 4.0 L engine requires a very long M12 x 90 mm threaded bit in order to reach the crankshaft threads for reinstallation . OTC went cheapo and the M12 bit they provide is nowhere near long enough to catch any of the threads . I ended up just using the old balancer bolt to get the balancer on , and then I torqued in the new bolt . Very disappointing ... the item is well made , but heck ... there are how many million vehicles on the road that use Ford 's 4.0 L V-6 , and OTC could n't be bothered to give you a bit that was just 1 inch longer ?
 It takes way to long to pull the balancers off . Thread pitch is way too fine compared to others that we have used .
 This thing sucks , I mean it does work but who would be driving with an oval rear view mirror ? I strongly suggest the more sturdy and elegant ALL-VIEW mirror , it 's around the same price and its square , not rounded like this one.I just sold this one on ebay for $ 20 bucks so even if you buy this one and regret it , just sell it on ebay .
 You think you are getting the square mirror but you are shipped a large rounded one .
 Emergency Responder LightAs an EMT it is important to get to the patient as-soon-as-possible . A good light that can be seen by other vehicles -LRB- so they can get out of the way -RRB- is important , and this light does no do the trick very well . The magnet is strong enough to stay on my automobile without shifting but it will leave small scratches in the paint . The plug that goes into the car outlet is difficult to pull out and it broke after a few days . The price from Amazon is quite good . The manufacture is charging about four times as much .
 It looks good , works good , but the plastic corners clips break very easily . Even the company admits it is a problem .
 Very poor quality packaging , box was all but destroyed.Cardboard is not heavy enough , no metal staples , just tape . This was the second box I received like that , parts missing .
 the package had a Hole in it and I am missing the short brackets and the long bracket and I 'm not sure on the Bolt and not they were scattered inside thank you Stan
 The metal parts on the front side of the filter were rusted , God knows how long had this filter been waiting in warehouses before it was shipped to me.I bought it thinking that the brand was respectable and the product should be of good quality . The paper element is a kind of thin cardboard , the foam gasket is uneven , the metal parts are rusting . It was not made in the USA.I had to return the filter , and order a Denso First Time Fit filter .
 I purchased one of these two years ago and loved it . However , I bought mine for $ 20.00 . A $ 100 screwdriver ? No , a $ 100 rip off . I guess Amazon does n't do any research on its resellers . Caveat emptor .
 This has a 1/2 &#34; drive head on it . You would think it would have the power to handle 1/2 &#34; sockets . I was drive screws with it and it overheated , smoked and stopped working . It was rebuilt , three weeks , I started using it again and it promptly burned out . I was NOT abusing the tool by any means . Currently , i am waiting -LRB- again -RRB- for the tool to be repaired . I bought this and the drill because oft he lifetime warranty . I am going to need it just to be able to use these tools . Do n't waste your money on this garbage .
 Do not buy this tool It is gutless My Snapon 3/8 drive has more power . Total disapointment . This is the last time I buy a product based on cust . reviews .
 I bought this wrench to help me change the front brake rotors on my truck , which involved loosening some 19mm bolts . The description said `` class leading torque '' and `` an incredible 1,950 in . / lbs . of torque for tightening and loosening the most stubborn nuts , and hex-head bolts and screws '' so imagine my surprise when I found out it could n't do the job that a 2 foot breaker bar did in no time . Sure , maybe it has more torque than the little Skil cordless wrench I got at Walmart for $ 25 , but not by much . At first I thought maybe the one I received was broken , but some of the other reviewers also complained about the lack of torque . Also the slight burning plastic smell it produced whenever I tried to use it was a little disconcerting , even if it is normal . I will be returning this so-called `` tool '' for a refund .
 at first I was impressed , lots of power very nice.then it lost forward and smelled hot not dependable at all !! I ; m going back to panasonic for my next one .
 unfortunately the wrong air filter was in the box -- after finding an A1236C air filter today -- we found the difference -- the old one in the box was not an A1236C -- ca n't use it -- rip off
 I ordered the Dashmat under the premise that it was an easy install , being mechanically retarded this appealed to me ... lol ... I 'm sure it would have been easier had the velcro that came with it actually stuck to the dash . I did what the instructions said , clean the dash thoroughly with a mild solution , NO Armoral , my dash had n't seen Armoral in 10 years in fact . So after fighting , sweating , and swearing over the non-sticky velcro I found myself at the auto store looking for industrial strength velcro . After about 2 hours I had it installed .
 While the description states it works for 1994 and newer Chrysler/Jeep vehicles ... it does not . I tried it on my 98 Grand Cherokee , a friends 2007 Sebring , and a 2008 300 . The coupling tool did n't work for any of them . While I did not try it on any 1981 + Fords , I 'd have to assume it 'd work for them since that 's the only other vehicle listed.Aside from them not working for my application , overall the product quality is not the best . Remember , it 's plastic . Anyone who has done work with spring couplings will know that these wo n't last . If you 're getting them for a one time fix -LRB- why I got these -RRB- , they 're good enough and cheap . Anything more than that , go with a better quality tool .
 Not as advertised ! I purchased these jack stands because of the pinch weld cut-out in the picture . Well , they do n't actually have that , which is MEGA LAME.Also , right out of the box , the paint was chipped off in over 20 locations and neither jack sits squarely on the floor -- they always teeter . The quality seems poor -- I would avoid these .
 The gasket set came complete , however , one gasket I needed , was n't in there . It was also missing about 5 o-rings , so I had to go and source those separately . The quality of the gaskets is OK , not quite as good as the OEM gaskets . I would n't go with the Moose gasket kit again given my experience with this kit . I did make sure this kit fit my model , and yet it still was n't what I would consider a `` complete '' gasket kit .
 I ordered the Dashmat under the premise that it was an easy install , being mechanically retarded this appealed to me ... lol ... I 'm sure it would have been easier had the velcro that came with it actually stuck to the dash . I did what the instructions said , clean the dash thoroughly with a mild solution , NO Armoral , my dash had n't seen Armoral in 10 years in fact . So after fighting , sweating , and swearing over the non-sticky velcro I found myself at the auto store looking for industrial strength velcro . After about 2 hours I had it installed .
 for one it did not even look like the oem filter , not only but the oil would affect my MAS and scre up the tuning
 Beck Arnley has POOR quality parts ! Do not buy their parts as they will not warranty the parts if you buy it from Amazon . I called them 4 times and they refuse to replace my part or address the issue . I ordered the Beck Arnley 158-0267 from Amazon -LRB- and few other parts from other places -RRB- and the Parts are priced low and that follows the POOR POOR Quality also . The part I bought did n't fit -LRB- but was the correct part for the car and I called them -RRB- , the O-ring literally came apart before the install , the mill spec . of the part is SO POOR gas started to leak out everywhere . I called Beck Arnley and they pretty much said because its sold through Amazon , they did n't care and would n't do anything and also they did n't sell to many of those parts -LRB- they did n't care and told me to call Amazon -RRB- . I decided to return the part to Amazon and I have n't heard anything from amazon either -LRB- Amazon RMA process has NO phone # to call -RRB- . After loosing $ 100 and having to spend another $ 190 for a OEM dealer part and a weekend of time , I 've learned not to by after market parts from Beck Arnley and or from Amazon . -LRB- I have to say Amazon it great for lots of thing but not after market parts were you just should by OEM parts for the dealer or after market parts for the local shop so you can address the warranty and return issues -RRB- . Thanks Beck Arnley for POOR Quality Parts and Amazon you really should credit me my money back as I 've been a great customer for years .
 The charger has a cross reference chart in order to dial in the Tester to match the battery you are trying to test ... out of three batteries , I have not been able to match the battery model to the BatteryTender cross reference chart ... I have few more batteries in vehicles I have not had problems with yet , so not sure if this Tester is worth keeping .
 I read some scary reviews about the cheaper , made in China , spring compressors . I paid $ 17 and change for this tool . It was the most expersive one that I saw . The first thing that I saw when I unpacked it was `` made in China '' I could have bought this tool at my local Harbor Freight store for $ 8 . Although it worked , the two compression arms -LRB- jaws -RRB- were drifting away from each other sideways more and more as I tightened the compressing nut . Made me a bit nervous . The instructions say to use a 1/2 inch wrench to open and close the jaws . Not so . The nut actually required a 13mm metric wrench . If I had it to do over , I would have gone to Harbor Freight and saved $ 9 .
 This was supposed to fit my 1997 3000GT but I had to do enough modifying to truthfully say it did NOT fit my car . I had to cut the length down and the inner radius of the hose was just about too small to fit ; it took a real amount of work to twist it onto the radiator .
 Very small not what i was looking for but i guess i should have looked at the size i thought that this was a trailer hitch piin and it looks like it but its not
 This looks like what I wanted , but it is smaller . I do n't know what it is , but it is not a receiver tube cover .
 This is not a receiver tube cover ! This item is receiver plug cover , I ordered as a receiver tube cover and discovered the error when item was shipped . This item slides on and covers your light plug box .
 Package apppeared to have been opened before - maybe a returned item . Contains a straight installation tool with a square drive end rather than the winged handle as pictured . I like to get what I order . The tap is of the cheap 3 flute design - it makes a rough cut and I do n't recommended this kit for shallow holes . I will never again assume that what I order from Amazon will be `` New '' and as described . It comes with a tapered starter tap . A bottom tap is needed or not enough deep threads will be cut to secure the coil . The tap size is not indicated in the package . It appears to be an 8mm x 1.25 . The drill size recommended by Black & Decker is 17/64 . I needed the kit for an emergency repair so it was not returned .
 Order a roof for your jeep and get a door . Call them back and they will tell you the add is a mistake -LRB- should be a door -RRB- and offer to pay to have you ship it back . After making them aware of the mistake over a month ago , the mistake is still being made .
 Not for automotive use especially when it comes to removing crankshaft pulley/hamonic balancer on automobiles . What a waste . Can it be used on a bicycle ?
 Your interest in Dorman 's lifetime warranty terms will be high , when you notice the clicking noise of an exhaust leak starting at the cracks in your recently replaced manifold ... I foolishly put 3 of these on a 2002 Chevy one-ton van before I gave up on free replacements and shelled out the money for a nodular-cast iron factory GM manifold -LRB- heavier vehicle no doubt increases crack propagation speed -RRB- . By the time you get around to the hassle of removing the defective manifold , it may come off in 2 or 3 separate pieces ... : -RRB-
 If you put it on the inside of the car , the white side of the cling shows instead . It should be the other way around . It should cling on the side with the print .
 Product is not legal in California based on the label but was still shipped to a California address . Unable to use the product .
 This product was stated to be a replacement for a John Deere 11013-7009 , when i finally got to the location that the lawnmoore is stored i compaired it to the previous filter and it is wrong , the correct filter is pointed at one end this is the same shape on both ends and will not fit the filter box.This item is not correctly stated to be a replacement for the John Derre filter , dont fall for the trick .
 UNLESS YOU WANT TO WAIT A MONTH FOR THIS TO ARRIVE AND SUFFER THOUGH HEADACHES THEN BY ALL MEANS GO AHEAD AND ORDER IT . FIRST TIME THIS POS CAME , IT WAS USED -LRB- CHIPPED AIR BOX , HEAT DAMAGE , AIR BOX SCREW HOLE DID N'T ALIGN -RRB- . I SPECIFICALLY ORDERED IT NEW BUT HAD TO RETURN IT FOR A NEW ONE . AFTER I RECEIVED THE NEW CAI , I THOUGHT EVERYTHING WAS GOING TO BE OK , NOT . FIRST OF ALL , THE NPT FITTING WAS MISSING AND MOST IMPORTANTLY THE CARB STICKER WAS N'T THERE EITHER . I 'M RETURNING THIS PIECE OF JUNK AND GETTING A SPECTRE OR A K&N . YOU 'RE BETTER OFF GOING WITH A BRAND YOU CAN TRUST . I THOUGHT I 'D TRY THIS SINCE I ` TS A FULLY ENCLOSED CAI SYSTEM . DO N'T EVER ORDER ANYTHING MADE BY VOLANT . POS !!!!! BTW , ONE OF THE HOLES ON THE AIR BOX STILL IS N'T ALIGNED AND THIS WILL EVENTUALLY STRIP AND THE AIR BOX WAS STILL CHIPPED . NO HEAT DAMAGE THIS TIME BUT IN MY BOOK VOLANT IS WORTHLESS . THE ONLY GOOD POINT WAS TONY AND TIMOTHY AT MVP AUTO PARTS WHO SOLD THE CAI . THEY WERE VERY HELPFUL IN HELPING ME TO RETURN THE OLD DAMAGED CAI FOR A NEW ONE BUT UNFORTUNATELY THE NEW ONE WHICH WAS SHIPPED FROM VOLANT WAS GARBAGE .
 What more can I say ? Seal was bad before I even installed the part . Had to use the other one as a back up . Bleeder screw strips easily -LRB- made of plastic -RRB- . Sucks .
 I ordered the first alternater an installed it on my &#34; 78 Gmc Sierra Grande &#34; I have videos on youtube showing all this . An it would not charge at all an it sqealled like crazy an made a aweful noise so i sent it back to amazon they then sent me a second one free an refunded my shipping for the old alternater that i sent back an i installed the 2nd alternater on an the exact same thing happened it would not charge an it made a horrible sqealing noise an it is NOT my belts it is the ALTERNATER . It was installed properly an correct an it was a waste of money never again will i buy a chrome alternater they look good but they do NOT work as GOOD as THEY should ! unsatfied customer plus i didnt have alota time to install it as i was rebuilding my 350 an this is why i wanted this so i could &#34; dress up &#34; the motor abit an now after i finally got to installing it an found out the second didnt work either amazon will not refund my money an im very upset an unsatified customer
 Well , it LOOKED pretty and was sold as an alternator that was a fit for a 1982 corvette - not even close . It was about a full inch too small.oh yeah - and made in china ! Please !
 First of all I love Volant products . Great fitment on my 2000 Toyota Tundra . I 've used Volant cold air intakes on other vehicles in the past and had great performance and easy installations . For some reason I dont think they tuned this set up for the 2000 Toyota Tundra . I 'm a master Certified mechanic with over 20 years experience . After installation I noticed that it now has a hesitation on acceleration and my fuel trims are over 20 % too high . It also decreased my fuel mileage.I checked for any leaks and did all kinds of trouble shooting . I found no other issues . I put my factory set up back on , no issues at all . I sent an email explaining this to Volant and have had no reply at all . It might work better on other years , but that I cant confirm.On the 2000 Tundra the original airflow meter is designed into the air box and Toyota tuned their ecms to work with that set up . It doesnt like the Volant intake at all . I wish it worked for me , because Volant has the best designed kits I 've seen !
 The mirrors fit well , and stay where you put them . If purchased in a set like I did they are a good buy . The only thing that could be better is they could extend alittle farther . I 've tried the ones for a Dodge pickup and s Chevy Suburban , both worked really well .
 I was sent the wrong Mirrors twice the chart that you look them up on is wrong they sent me mirrors for a 1998 Gmc . I purchased them for a 2004 gmc which Mirrors are different then 2004 . I would not purchase mirrors from this company if there charts are not correct .
 We bought two dashmats on Amazon for two different cars . The other one was so badly done we had to send it back . This one only had one flaw , a silly 1 `` x6 '' flap that was mis-sewn and hung wrong . No matter how long you let it sit , it would never look right . We folded it under and now the dashmat looks ok . Maybe cut it off someday and resew the piping to make it look like a professional job.As I 've said in another review , Dashmat products we ordered on Amazon do n't seem to be the quality they once were . I 'm looking at other brands from now on .
 I 'm having to return the chain -LRB- wonderful shipping cost -RRB- . I trusted the site to be accurate in sizing = I was wrong . The CORRECT chain for Honda Rebels -LRB- CMX-250 -RRB- is 520-108 . That would be 6 links LONGER than what Powersports state here . Nice time to find out is not when the bike is off the ground with new sprockets , brakes , and you are trying to fit a SHORT chain -LRB- groan -RRB- . With shipping three ways , the good price is a distant memory .
 I have a 33 ' long 5th wheel trailer that 's 12 ' high . After having extensively worked this unit over with 3M 's fiberglass gelcoat restorer and wax , a task that took considerable effort over more than a week of chipping away at it , I was happy with the results . That said , I live in the desert and figured a good coat of Mequire 's Flagship Boat product would be beneficial if for nothing else as to add in some UV protection -LRB- this product touts that as a key attribute -RRB- . So a couple of weeks after the 3M work I applied this product to my large trailer and the results were extremely disappointing.My trailer is white gelcoat and after having applied this product I could see a white ` haze ' over much of the surface the product was applied on . When i started out the surface was pretty much a mirror finish , but now had a slight haze on them , very disappointing . I went back over the entire unit to ensure I had buffed it all off well enough but that did n't seem to do anything . After being on the coach for about a month now I 'm resigned to the fact I need to go back over everything again with some carnuba-based product -LRB- which is frustrating given the effort required -RRB- . A sample area I have already re-waxed with Mequires `` cleaner wax '' -LRB- a carnuba product -RRB- brought back the high luster that the Flagship Marine Wax screwed up.Bottom line for me is I 'm going to stay with carnuba products and most likely the 3M line as those have proven to work well for me over a 10 + year period -LRB- you just have to be careful with hard water around them or it 'll get stripped off -RRB- .
 I ca n't give this product a favorable review as there is n't much to like . First the &#34; standards &#34; are n't marked as to length . After a little time wasted , they can be figured out . Next , there is no way to attach the mounting arm of the gauge to the bearing saddle . The picture shows a person 's thumb holding the arm to the saddle . -LRB- They have to be kidding ! -RRB- So , you have to drill a hole in the arm . Next , there are parts included that do n't seem to have any function . I asked around the shop , no one could guess what they 're for . Finally , the carrying case has no holders for the tool . The depth probes are easily lost , rendering the tool useless . Nothing to recommend here ...
 We bought two dashmats on Amazon for two different cars . The other one was so badly done we had to send it back . This one only had one flaw , a silly 1 `` x6 '' flap that was mis-sewn and hung wrong . No matter how long you let it sit , it would never look right . We folded it under and now the dashmat looks ok . Maybe cut it off someday and resew the piping to make it look like a professional job.As I 've said in another review , Dashmat products we ordered on Amazon do n't seem to be the quality they once were . I 'm looking at other brands from now on .
 Looks like a well made valve but it 's not . In the off position the valve allows fuel to continue to drip . Additionally , fuel leaks through the seal at the shaft of the knob .
 I bought this valve needing it for a spare fuel tank on my motorcycle , it looks to be quality made , but after I got it mounted and the tank filled with fuel it leaked through the seal at the switch shaft , not just a drip but a good flow .
 I have a nice aluminum ballmount and did n't want to buy a steel ballmount just so I could weld a sway control tab on it . When I came across this bracket I thought it was a great idea and I 'd be able to keep my lightweight aluminum ballmount . But it 's worthless and I wasted my money . The bracket will swivel on the ballmount because its cutout is wider than a ballmount itself . Kind of defeats the purpose . The bracket looks beefy enough , but it is n't as it bent up after the first use . I ended up going with a steel mount with a tab welded on it and have n't had a problem since .
 I have been using these as day-time running lights on my Mazda Miata . They replaced a pair of older Hellas -LRB- similar model but with amber lenses -RRB- that lasted almost 10 years . On this set both glass lenses cracked within 3 months ! The cracks are clearly due to overheating . If you plan on more than just occasional use , stay clear of these lights .
 not good at all , the projector docent work properly the light pattern is uneven not like it a projector light , made in china ,
 I ordered this product for a 2006 Dodge Magnum , `` remember custom fit '' . When It arrived it was for several autos , including a Dodge Magnum . I installed the liner and It did n't come close to fitting . I called the manufacturer for more information about their product , they informed me it was the wrong liner and gave me the correct number for my car . I sent the liner back to Amazon with the correct number , paying return postage . A week later I recieved the same liner I sent back , so I refused the shipment . No such thing as a CUSTOM FIT ...
 I was really bummed about this product . After seeing the other reviews I had high hopes . It installed very easily about 30 minutes -LRB- I 've done a couple of these and this was on par with every other one I 've done -RRB- . I had it on for about 2 weeks during which time it worked almost flawlessly . It was tight as a drum and had much less movement then previous covers I 've seen . Unfortunately , it did n't hold . While traveling , I heard a snap and looked back and saw a corner had let loose . I tried to come to a stop but unfortunately air got beneath it and tore the cover off , damaging the stitching holding the cross members to the tarp . It turns out the plastic that holds the latch to the cover frame broke which caused the tarp to release from that corner -LRB- which caused the further damage -RRB- . It all seemed to be made of high quality parts , but attaching the metal latches to the metal frame with a small piece of plastic seems like bad design . Its possible that I may have just had a defective product , but I will not be getting a replacement . As always , Amazon was understanding and I sent it back for a refund -LRB- within the 30 day return period -RRB- .
 This might clean your lug nuts if you have a 3 '' bore where your lug nuts go :-RRB- . Other then that forget it .
 granted i 'm detailing cars everyday , however , the metal that holds the bristles broke at the base near the pastic . this is allowing only 2 of the curved bristles to do the work and it is not adequate ... this is a decent product for a 1-4 x a month carwasher ... not an everyday detailer ...
 Agree with other review , this thing will only work if your lugs are perfectly sized for this item . Does not work on my 68 Camaro or 03 Boxster .
 I thought I had finally found the answer to cleaning the recessed area around my lugs with this product . Unfortunately it 's too big to fit in the tiny area so I ca n't use it for its intended purpose .
 Brush does an ok job . The wires that hold the bristles are a little flimsy . Brush does not get into all types of lugs .
 We purchased a Hella Optilux H71010281 Model 1200 clear fog lamp kit on June 16th . One of the lamps has fog in the glass . The kit is advertised as having a 1 year warranty . We e-mailed Amazon and they that the manufacuter is responsible for the warranty . We e-mailed Hella , and they said that it is to be warrantied by the sellor , which is Amazon . I have a retail buisness and are responsible to my customers . I expect that Hella and Amazon should be responsible to me as well.Jon Bowers , President Northeastern Auto Supply Inc
 The description of this item , here and on the manufacturer 's website , is inadequate for determining if the pads will fit your particular trailer/jacks : Pack of 46 '' diameter padsFor use on Light Trailer Stabilizing JacksReading this one would think these pads fit any light trailer jack.Unfortunately , it will cost you 8 bucks -LRB- return postage -RRB- if you guess wrong.The photo is inaccurate as well . The actual item is painted black .
 Part came with incorrect gaskets for the engine it was made for . I had to go and buy correct gasket at $ 5.00 each
 These lights you would expect to perform halfway decently being from Hella , but quite the contrary ! I mounted these on a 2001 Jetta in Dec. and already in March one lamp refused to drain moisture and the reflector has rusted over already ! I contacted hella by email , who will not make a phone contact available , and they refuse to answer or stand behind their product . I was first told that the seller would warranty them for a year , which amazon does not after 30 days even though they have n't held up worth a crap , and upon contacting Hella again , they will not respond . Word of advice , you might as well spend the 50 bucks on two sets of lamps from walmart because they probably will last longer or at least you will have replacements ! These are garbage , DONT buy from hella unless you get it from a store-based distributor that will stand behind their product .
 Hella 2020 Optilux 55-Watt Driving Lighti bought a set of these for my other car 5 years ago , they worked great , great performance and durabilty.then i bough a set for my other car in december.when i installed them , before i even got to turn them on for the first time , one of the glass lenses fell off when i was wiping my fingerprints off with a rag.amazon was very good at issuing a replacement set.when i installed these , the first time it rained and i turn them on , one of the lenses cracked , so i have just said heck with it and gave up.they must be made different now , because my original set from 5 years ago is still working fine.i would not recommend buying these .
 I wrote the person that sold me this no reply 2 times i was going to open a case but decided they would n't let me return because i hooked it up but looks like the seal around the lighs are mushed out a bit and the screws well they arent all the way in on two places and i coud n't get them to go in so they are cheap made but they give off good light brighter then low beam silver star premiums in my caddy i would like a replacement but the cool thing is the dual beams you could put the high end 100 watt bulbs in both sides and have really good lighting . I just cant becausse the screws are messed up .
 Worked great , but the bolts and outer cases rusted right away . First cold spell both lenses cracked and one fell off.Great idea , bad implementation . I would have paid more for better quality .
 Nice small twin beam lights that put out decent light considering size and price . Unfortunately the first time it rains or you wash your car they get fogged up inside and stay that way for weeks . Plus the lenses are not replaceable so if one cracks you throw the entire light out.I dumped these and got a set of PIAA twin beams . They cost four times as much but put out more light and will probably last ten times as long .
 This product is retaining moisture inside of the clear lens on the 2nd day of operation . I placed a bead of clear silicone around the lens seal and the back seal prior to installation , hoping this would help avoid moisture infiltration . I am so disappointed in this -- the internal wiring and workmanship are good , but why did n't they do a better job of sealing the lens ? Customers should not have to reseal / reseat lenses out of the box.I have asked Amazon for a replacement . I have no box for the product and they are already installed on my truck . I should n't have to disassemble two lights and ship back for a resolution to my problem with these . We will see what happens ... in the meantime , I have a foggy fog light -- go figure .
 this kit is not for the plug-n-play minded ; It requires serious thought , different hardware , and modifications to properly install them ; The mounting screws supplied with the kit are flimsy , too small , the screw heads go right through the bracket holes , no good . Had to go to the hardware store to get proper bolts , washers , and nuts . Then Hella forgets to drill a hole in the center of the bracket for a mounting bolt to provide side-to-side adjustment of the lamps , -LRB- any auxiliary lamp needs to have up and down adjustment as well as side-to side adjustment for proper aiming -RRB- . What 's even more stupid on the part of Hella
 At first I was excited to get a great deal on a great product . About a week ago I installed and properly adjusted them to work with my headlights and I thought all was well . Yesterday I washed my car , hand wash mind you , bucket , soapy water , and garden hose ... Well . . when I made my way down towards the lights I noticed they were filled about 1/3 of the way with water . When I first got the lights I noticed that it didnt look like the seal was all the way around where the lens presses into the housing , but all the lights looked like that . Including the two I had to send back because they arrived with a shattered lens , so I figured it was intentional since it was consistent across the 6 lights I had seen . Im convinced now that this is a defect in the workmanship of this product . If I had n't spent 8 hours installing and wiring these to perfection , I would already have them off the truck in a box to return . However , considering my lack of free time , I will probably just use them until they fail . . Im guessing 6 months max if I dont start blowing fuses . Then find a better replacement . I could have probably picked up the off-brand walmart lights that look just like these , but do seem to be properly sealed , and gotten better long term results at a cheaper price . Hella & Amazon , I 'm disappointed ; for being a big name in lights , these do n't stand up to the quality I had come to know .
 These lights `` appear '' well made at first . But after they got wet , internal condensation started after a light rain . Amazon replaced the first set without a problem . However , the second set does exactly the same . Careful review shows that the lens is not sealed all the way around . I contact Hella -LRB- who owns the Optilux brand -RRB- and they say the opening in the lens seal where the humidity enter '' ... is designed to be that way '' . Go figure - allow humidity in ? This reflector will rust over time with that condensation.These are very cheap Chinese made with the Hella brand on them and obviously no QA from Hella.I am returning the second set for a refund and looking at other brands .
 broken lens cant even try if it 's good or badit was packed very poorlyi 'm very disappointedi wonder if any body had the same problem
 THis is the WRONG plug for an XT 225 . It is also about 3x the cost it can be purchased at any local automotive shop .
 I ordered a dash mat for a 2002 Dodge Dakota . . In reviewing my order , I ordered the correct year . But received 2005 to 2007 dash mat . I am in the process of returning it . This was a Christmas gift for my husband . In fear of this happening again , we will purchase it locally .
 I bought 2 sets , one for back up lights and another to use as fog/driving lights for our truck . Living in a northern rural community it gets really dark and being able to illuminate the area behind as you back up is critical for us , thus this light may be overkill to some , but we feel otherwise since the stock back-up lights are woefully inadequate . Likewise for driving/fog light use , dark , wet roads soak up tremendous amounts of light and sometimes more really is better.Upon arrival the packages were in decent shape considering how poor at times Amazon is a packing shipments and the outward appearance of the box the lights came in.Installation was basic and simple if a bit time consuming trimming wires and locating prime locations for each component . As driving lights they are okay . You definitely get what you pay for and these work , but not well . One light went dark after one day and found loose wiring within the light . Upon further inspection the light had lots of brokenness . The bulb was dangling inside the mount with the spring that holds the bulb place was skewed and jammed open . Two mounting tabs that hold the reflector in the front half of the clamshell was broken and the pieces rattled inside the light . Flashing from the casting was rough and the over all fit and finish was quite poor . I managed to repair the broken tabs with JB Weld and some ingenuity . The light works now . Other comments from reviewers with low ratings commented on the rubber gaskets not lining up well are founded in truth . One light was fine , the other light barely sealed anything out . The overall quality of the wiring is fine , but rather light duty and I question the manner in with the system is wired . At least a relay is used . Moving on , after that I discovered the 2nd driving light went out I traced it down to the switch inside the cab . At that time I removed the whole system , disgusted and upset that trying to be frugal ended up costing more money that I wanted to spend . Turned around and bought upper end PIAA lights and will await to see how `` real '' fog lights should perform.The Back up set for reverse lights work fine since I was not concerned so much with high output and they are only used for reverse and occasional hitching up trailer work . I am not expecting them to last , but since I have a couple extra lights to play with , I 'll milk miles out of them.In the end , please consider carefully why you want driving or fog lights . If light output is important to you then look for a quality set . Some LED units are coming down in price and worth serious consideration . Cheap lights is not an area one should get overly frugal on . I have tried a few brands over the years and these are every bit as poor and Blazer , Pilots and Optilux brands out there . These are budget brands that the more premium companies have to sell inexpensive lights through . I 'm sure less demanding customers may not have such troubles , but saving $ 50 or more is not worth it for me in this application .
 The lights work well enough but the rest of the system really is cheap . The wiring is super small and heated up when first turned on , you think they would use something heavy with the wattage . I do n't think the lights output was as good because of it . The connectors were loose fitting and had to be tightened up before installing , one had a bad crimp . The switch seemed little light duty but used it anyway . Ripped out all the wiring and installed my own heavier wire , works better and the light is brighter . Save your self a headache and spend a few bucks more on something with more quality . Get what you pay for !
 Poor Quality ! Only had them on the truck for a couple of months before the inside lens broke apart and ruining the bulb .
 Purchased the Optilux 1450 12-Volt/55-Watt Rectangular Clear Halogen Fog Lamp Kit from Amazon on 13 June , 2012 and received it about 18 June , 2012 . Was busy getting ready for surgery so did n't get them installed until about 26 June , 2012 . Had surgery on 3 July and could n't drive my car until 24 July , 2012 , so it car sat in garage and my wife drove me around in her car when I needed to keep a Dr. appointment . On 26 July , 2012 I had my car out and it started raining . The rain got inside both lights and shorted them out , blowing the fuse . When I checked the lights , neither had the gaskets in properly and this allowed the rain to get inside the lights . The silver backshield that reflects the light forward on one light has now developed black spots all over it which will greatly diminish its effectiveness . When I checked on the website , it had been over 30 days since purchase so of course the product was out of warranty a few days . Very Poor Quality is built into these lights and there are apparently no quality checks !!! I bought these lights to replace two Pella Lights that worked well but were just getting old and worn looking . Bad choice . You would be better off to tape two flashlights to the front of your car and turn them on when you need them !!! Would like my money back so I can buy a set that has better quality built into them .
 Lights work great untill they break -LRB- crackd lense -RRB- then you have to buy another set because Hella does not offer replacement parts for the Optilux line of products .
 If you do take these apart , and remove the bulb cap , make sure you get the rubber gaskets to seat properly upon re-assembling . I thought I had everything properly sealed , but I ended up with both lights looking like fish bowls , half full of water . Amazon would not honor past 30 days , however hella is honoring 1 yr . I will not screw with the new lights , and if they do not take on moisture , I will update my review.UPDATESo I received my replacement set and after a month of driving on sloppy roads , they too have moisture inside . These thing are garbage . If you have already ordered , try sealing them up with some caulk or something .
 I purchase these fog lights about a year ago and I must say what a wast of money , I even purchase a pair of Piaa Intense bulbs and still very little lighting . The bulbs cost more than the fog lights . Who ever gave this product more than a two star does not any thing about fog lights or what its purpose is . If you have a go cart perhaps this will work perfect . Do n't buy it .
 These things give off a pretty wide pattern for being so small . they could be a tad bit brighter but they are a fog light which is exactly what i needed . Lights feel well made and sturdy . The wiring harness is very well made . Wire is of good quality and is fairly long however , the load wire that goes from the switch to the relay was not long enough and needed to be extended for my needs . The switch that comes with the kit is really nice and has an LED active light thats red when the lights are off and greeen when the lights are turned on , but i wont be using it.EDIT
 I purchased a set of these for my 81 240 Volvo . I purchased them because they had significant good reviews , and they are the only ones that looked rather clean.Upon getting them , I notice that they look a lot more cheap in person , they also feel more cheap . Because they are pretty cheap lights.These lights have 3 bolts needed to tighten them . And two of them are allen wrench . Poor design.First you have to bolt the main bolt in to keep the light anchored to the body , but in order to do that you have to remove the lens completely , otherwise you 'll rip your hands up trying to use something other than a socket set because a socket set cant fit between the bad design of the first screws . What happens if you have to re tighten the lights later down the road?Now , say you spend an hour getting everything aimed right , now you try to tighten them down , but they keep moving because they have two screws needed to tighten them down . So after being frustrated and gradually re aiming them again and again , -LRB- while you get the bolts tighter and tighter -RRB- , you get them pretty tight , and to your dismay , they still move . . a lot . So you think , I 'll just tighten them down some more , well the metal they are made out of is so cheap , when you do this , the female threads completely strip out and spin in place.After that I became really frustrated , and its hard to not be really jaded about these lights . If they were n't such a pain to mount and stay aimed correctly I would have liked them more.They put out an `` okay '' light pattern . The left one , -LRB- at least for me -RRB- shot waaay to the left , and I had to significantly turn it so it looked way wrong , but only then did the light match up with the other side -LRB- which had the stripped out screw -RRB- . If you want to take out the black cover inside , be ready to remove 2 really cheap gasket 's -LRB- which is all you have to keep these thing dry -RRB- that like to fidget around and not stay in place , and SEVEN screws . Yes , seven . . maybe eight if having your ground connected while you `` try '' to tear it apart , bothers you , because you ca n't get the housing far enough out and have to sit cross legged or on your back while you do it . OH and 4 of the screws are tensioned , and they are a pain to get started so that you can get them all back in.These are cheap lights . They feel cheap , the look cheap , and they are not fun to work with.I give them two stars because they work . They shoot light out , and the wiring harness is decent , except for the switch which is even cheaper.I ended up just throwing them away because I did n't save all the packaging and did n't want to have to undo the wiring job.This is my opinion , you could totally love these lights and they could work great for you , but I had nothing but trouble and was very frustrated with the overall design . Before you buy any lights , really examine if you even need them , most low beams will perform just fine in rain , fog , snow.Thanks for reading !
 Thse clamps say they are stainless steel , however only the band was stainless . The Worm gear is made of Iron-steel ! The metal looked funny , so I checked with a magnet . We get similar Ideal-Tridon clamps elsewhere -LRB- for less cost -RRB- , and they definately do not stick to a magnet . Over the years I have already been fooled by this . Kept in a moist or humid enviornment these will rust and eventually fail . Rusty clamps look bad , stain adjacent surfaces , are hard to remove , and may not hold properly . Basically do not know of any reason to recommend these clamps .
 Installed on my 400e and 1 side was rubbing on the caliper . Had to buy more expensive parts from mechanic to get job done on time.As always amazin customer service was awsome . Refunded right away .
 seat cover fit was excellent . Only problem was that two of the loops that help hold the cover in place were torn .
 I thought the quality of the cover was really good . I was just disapointed that the ad on Amazon displays an elastic shock cord that does not come with the cover .
 I was pulling my Harmonic balancer on my '96 Impala ss . Any good mechanic will tell you to make sure 100 % to thread the screw through the entire width of the H.B. I did just that . after i started pulling the HB all of the bolts came flying out of the HB ! I thought I might have ruined my HB but when I looked at the three bolts all three were completely stripped and warped . The quality of the bolts are not high enough for some pulls .
 When the bike is covered , it traps moisture in the bike and leaves the metal oxidized or tarnished . Terrible . I do not use this cover .
 Completely useless for its intended purpose . The vendor obviously has a major quality control issue . The internal diameter of the wrench was to small to fit over the old or new water pump , and the tab spacing did n't match . After wasting a lot of time figuring out what was wrong . I purchased an Autocraft brand at the local parts store , and it worked in 10 seconds .
 I ca n't speak to the product itself as I did not receive what I thought I was ordering , which was several adapters -LRB- per the picture -RRB- . Upon delivery I only received one of the three which is the incorrect size . What was even more frustrating was that upon calling I found out that I have to pay the shipping for the return and a restocking fee of 20 % . After venting my frustration they agreed to ship me the correct part but I still have to pay for all the shipping . In the end it would have been cheaper and easier to purchase this part at a local store vs. online .
 This item is not what it appears . I needed a 1-1/4 '' to 2 '' hitch adapter , as pictured -LRB- the description says differently -RRB- . What I received was a 2 '' to 1-1/4 '' . I also did NOT receive any hitch extensions or anything else with it , as both the picture and description seem to indicate . The item was returned -LRB- thankfully for a full refund with postage paid ! -RRB-
 The item that you are purchasing is not being represented in the picture . Do n't make the same mistake I did by ordering what is being shown in the picture .
 This is an excellent product but whoever wrote or approved these instructions should be terminated . The sizes they give for the bolts are all wrong , lots of wasted time back and forth to the tool box . There is a seal that goes around the inlet next to the wheel well that is never even mentioned in the instructions . You find that out when your done and find an extra piece.By that time it is too late to put it on without removing everything you just spent an hour installing.We wo n't even mention the mispelled words or words with letters just plain missing.Read other reviews on other websites , lots of the same reviews regarding the instructions . Volant is either too lazy or stupid to correct them .
 In theory this would be a practical tool for restoring a car 's alignment after replacing a strut , but sadly it is not . First , while the magnet is strong enough to hold to a hub , there is essentially nothing to attach it to on most cars because a front wheel drive axle protrudes beyond the hub and the axle diameter is too small for the magnet to be solidly attached to . Second , there is a little wingnut that is supposed to `` lock '' your measurement in place , but anything stronger that a mild breeze will overcome the resistance provided and render your measurement useless , thereby rendering the whole purchase useless . My advice is just to use a carpenters level . It wo n't be accurate enough to skip the alignment shop , but it will be accurate enough to get you to the alignment shop .
 Bought this when I was in a pinch and needed to find the tool quickly for a project - it does not seem to hold the measurement as accurately as I had hoped for . There are better ones out there but you get what you pay for .
 Any camber gauge is worthless unless your car is level when making a camber adjustment .
 I found this tool to be totally worthless . Using a carpenters level against the rotor ended up being much more helpful to set the camber to 0 degrees . The SG Tool was assembled poorly and misaligned out of the box and shows 3 degrees camber when several different carpenter levels show 0 degrees . The degree mark tape is crooked and the level inside the tool is at an angle . In other words - total junk
 The wing nut for setting the alignment was stripped out of the box . The carriage bolt has odd thread pitch . I 'll keep it to try , but will have to replace the nut and bolt before first use . Also , the magnet is not glued in place and pops out when attracted to metal.Shoddy construction ! Poor quality control ! Shame ! Dishonor ! Suicide !
 If you are installing struts yourself ... there is no way around it ... it needs to be aligned by a shop with professional equipment to get it right . What you think you are saving in labor costs will be lost in buying tires very soon .
 I bought this pump because I am a tightwad . I will not install it because it is not AIRTEX brand . I bought an Airtex to compare . The pump AMAZON sold is not even labeled airtex , nowhere is it labeled Airtex , neither on the part or the box . This part sold through AMAZON is a fake and is not the real thing . This is an imitation , not an airtex . I should have known but I figured if it was on Amazon it would be okay , right ? It is not okay , this is a poorly made copy of an Airtex , but this is not an airtex.This non-genuine , non Airtex , imitation , aftermarket , cheaply made , semblance of an Airtex , this Airtex fake fuel pump may work , but I refuse to spend the time to install this cheap copy of the real thing to find out how long it will last.MAYBE this is a well made pump , even though it is marketed as an AIRTEX , it is not . IT is a rip off copy off an Airtex , but not an Airtex.This fake pump is sold under non truthful advertising because it is not an Airtex . It may be a very good quality pump , but it is not an Airtex brand , as it was represented.Buyer Beware of buying fakes.If it was labeled and offered as `` Compare to Airtex '' , then the public would be aware that it was not a genuine Airtex and then I would be totally content with this product that apppears to be somewhat well built , but it is not an Airtex product .
 1 . Does n't fit well - looks cheap .2 . Poor adhesion to grill . Will not stay on .3 . Should have application options , i.e. , screws , stickers , double sided VelCro.Waste of time and money .
 crappy customer service , recieved the wrong item , returned the wrong item , amazon would not help with their errors . will not do business with amazon anymore .
 I double checked application chart several times , I checked the numbers when it arrived . All correct , I ordered the correct item and Amazon shipped that model.However , after several hours removing the existing air filter components I started building the new system . IT DOES NOT FIT THE THROTTLE BODY ! Key cutouts are not there . Volant customer service is not open on Friday . So back it goes . Very disappointed . Will never buy a Volant product again .
 I used this on my car the other day for the first time with excitement . I ended the clean with less enthusasism : -LRB- I bought two with the hopes of using one in the house and one on the car . Will try two for the car on wash number two . Maybe that will make the job easier.Also takes a few swipes to pick up the water . Need at least a second try . I detailed the clean with a nice towel `` Meguiar 's X2020 Supreme Shine Microfiber - Pack of 3 '' I bought two of these and should have just bought four sets in hindsight . They work as advertised and am impressed with the results . Easy to use and no streaks.These special type of absorbents all give me difficulty and have yet to find the trick or the magic chamois or absorber . This was definately not it !
 As a microfiber towel substitute , I thought this absorber towel would completely suck up every bit of water after rinsing the car , but it didnt . Even being mostly dry and wringing out as much water as I could from the towerl , it still left streaks of water which I had to finish drying off with a microfiber towel.Also , I followed instructions and left it a bit damp inside the plastic bottle then it grew mold all over the towel after not using it for 3 weeks . Ended up throwing it away . I was only been able to use it twice .
 I have bought this item considering this would be good for car wash . My primary purpose was to dry the car after washing , but it 's not its not drying all the water . Also this is not lint free , you can notice the water spots .
 I GUESS SOMEONE WANTED IT MORE THAN I DID IT WAS GONE BEFORE I RECEIVED IT NOT YOUR FAULT.THANKSBILL MARTIN
 It worked great the first few times , but stiffened and did n't absorb as well after a while . Maybe I did n't care for it properly , but if that 's the case then it requires a lot of work .
 I had used this to dry my car - basically all it did was make big water beads into smaller ones ... ** wring out ** ... make the smaller beads into even smaller beads ... ** wring out ** ... make the even smaller beads into streaks ... I hope you get the point . It basically just pushes water around . I 'm going to try the Meguiar system to dry cars . I guess the only redeeming quality of this product is that it dries to a wavy sheet of synthetic material , which is kind of cool to look at ...
 Not that good . I based my purchasing decision on the great reviews here , but should have paid more attention to the one negative . Yes , it does a good job sucking up water , but it 'll be completely saturated in just a few seconds , and then you 're ringing the heck out of it to get the water out of it . Another couple of seconds , and it 's completely soaked again , and you 're ringing the heck out of it again . A real pain to be constantly ringing it out just to use it for another couple of seconds . And if you do n't ring it out , it 'll just streak and leave large amounts of water behind . I suppose if I had 5 or 10 of them I would n't be complaining , but I had money to buy 5 or 10 of these at $ 12 a pop , I would n't be washing my car myself . I 'll stick with my good , clean , cotton towels to dry ...
 I had high hopes for this cloth . It came in with massive multiple wrinkles in it . OK , so lets get it wet , use it and then hang to dry . It dries stiff as a bone , and the wrinkles are still there , warping the integrity of the cloth . Does it work otherwise ? Yes . Kinda drags on my granite countertops tho . Big disappointment ...
 This cloth came half hard and half soft . The hard side does n't get softer so it is hard to use to do anything with when it is dry . Felt like I threw my money away on this product .
 I 'm glad bought this exact item through my local auto store on sale for $ 2.98 . It does a VERY POOR job of absorbing moisture and is nothing like a true chamois cloth . Even after washing it in hopes of removing any residue , it still failed to perform . As one of the other reviewers mentioned , a cotton towel will do a better job . Mine is now in the garbage .
 I read some positive reviews before I purchased this drying towel , they must have tested another product . The Clean tools Drying Towel does a very very poor job of drying , the drying towel has high friction when moving it across the car making it difficult to use . A plane cotton towel does a much better job absorbing water then this useless product .
 do n't think you are buying a substitute for a chamois . you are not.it is thick , it does not absorb as well . it is a fake chamois and fake is always a compromise.it leaves water behind . rated just ok for me . spend your money on a real chamois .
 I have used this three times . It dries my car well . After each use I have stored it damp and rolled up in the tube , as per the manufacturer 's directions . Last Saturday I got it out of the tube and it has little pink spots all over it . I think it is some kind of mold . I used it anyway and it still dries well , but I do n't like handleing mold or rubbing mold on my car . I think I will go back to towels .
 It does n't work like a real chamois . It takes too long to absorb anything . You just end up pushing the water around and leaving water spots all over . A regular terry towel does better than the Absorber . Driving around does a better job .
 It was hard as a rock once I took it out of the container . Would not bend at all - not worth the money
 As simple as this : - This product is not good for drying your carBut it is good for absorbing water from a bowl ! It is IMPOSSIBLE to dry a car with it , it almost like polishing towel not drying at all !
 I detail cars at my work luckily not for much longer but anyways this chamois does not work that well the cheap ones i have at my work are much more effective . Overall SAVE YOUR MONEY !!! its not worth it . but get a chamois if you care about your car towels leave swirl marks but dont get this one
 I 've owned my absorber less than 4 weeks , but I 've performed 20 washes in that time frame . The product does a fine job absorbing water , and yes , it works differently than a chamois . Sadly , the product storage is not up to my expectation . I used it a week ago and followed the packaging `` May be stored damp in tube -- so it 's always ready to use -LRB- wo n't rot when kept wet in tube -RRB- . '' and when I removed it from the tube it had dark spots of mold and mildew across it . Ew , life smells funky.I thought , `` No problem . I 'll throw it in the washing machine . '' It washed , but the spots did not come out . I thought , `` No problem . I 'll soak it with a little bleach . '' It bleached , but the spots did not come out.I 'm typing this with the smell of bleach still fresh and I 'm thinking , `` Really ? Am I going to rub a moldy anything over the top of my car ? '' And I 'm pretty sure I 've put too much effort into the maintenance of this product . Maybe I should complete a video review ...
 Trigger would not operate and leaked air . Call to customer service was not returned . Quality Control and Customer Service do not seem to be high priority at Legacy . I can not recommend a product that does not work .
 Mine came new in the box without either the flexible or rigid extentions as well as the air coupler to hose . I notified Amazon and they said they were out of stock.This is unusual for Amazon as they have been spot on with most orders . I have not tried calling the manufacturer for the parts but feel I should not have to do so . I have to order another one just to use the original which makes it twice as expensive . Hope you all do not have the same experience ?
 Well I ordered these about 3 weeks ago & they arrived very fast in the mail . No problem there . I finally got around to taking my rear tires & rims off yesterday so I could install my new brake pads & lo & frigging behold , they 're too small for my car . Now I ordered the correct brakes for my rear but these when compared to the brakes already on my car , well they 're alot smaller . The brakes I ordered had the slot underneath that said whether or not they fit my car , and it said they do . But the brakes fit a car more like a Cobalt or something . I 'm very disappointed because now I have to sell these at a loss & I have to find another pair of rear brakes .
 too bulky and takes too long to roll up . i 'd rather it be made of a lighter material and fold or roll up easier .
 Will not recommend this product , after being properly installed , it only worked for a short period of time , then it blew .
 Did a waterneck replacement on the Ford SOHC 4.0 . -LRB- A very common failure for Rangers and Explorers . -RRB- At any rate , there are two sensors on the waterneck assembly . I was able to reuse one , but the other was destroyed during disassembly . So , I ordered this part as the replacement . It looked similar and the plug matched , but it did n't install very well . The threads did n't insert as far as I would of expected . I assembled the rest of the repair and started the engine . No leaks and the engine performs as normal , but the sensor does n't work . I have no temperature reading at all.This part was shipped in a small box that was in pore condition . Not sure if the sensor is defective or it its the wrong part.This install was about a year ago and the engine and all are performing perfectly , but I still get no reading from this sensor . Next time I 'm doing a repair in that area of the engine , I 'll swap out this sensor . -LRB- The sensor is hard to get to on this engine . -RRB- I will not order from this source again . -LRB- Amazon fulfillment was great . I just think the supplier provided a defective or incorrect part . -RRB-
 The rear struts were unusable , I had to keep using my old ones . Overall if you want to lower your car and perform good go with coil-overs . Do n't make a seven hundred dollar mistake like I did .
 I bought one of these to provide uninterrupted power to my computer , internet and a NAS . The device failed less than two months after the 1 year warranty had expired . It no longer charges my batteries and says it 's over loaded , even when nothing is plugged in . I now have a 400 dollar boat anchor , not to mention another 400 worth of batteries , cables and the trip-lite remote switch that I bought to go with it .
 I have been spoiled with APC UPSes because they are cheap sine-wave inverters . I hooked a scope up to this thing , and the garbage that comes out is not even relatively clean power . It has spikes in it and all of my downstream UPSes do n't even recognize the output of this as real AC power . I really wanted to like this device , and all of my decent UPSes use 24 volts , but I wanted a 12 volt UPS . I will attempt to post the waveforms on the product page . I returned it .
 I live out in a very rural area of the country with frequent power interruptions . I have a mid-sized portable generator , but you have to be home to connect and tend to them . We did n't want to spend a small fortune on an automated backup generator set up . Our essential loads are small . We are often away for one to two days at a time , so I decided to purchase a Tripp Lite APS1250 from Amazon.com . I almost purchased the smaller APS750 , but dug deeper into my wallet and bought the APS1250 -LRB- $ 402 delivered -RRB- to be sure it would run what I wanted and not be working hard . My plan was to have this inverter/charger keep the essentials running in our home until I returned and could fire up the portable generator if needed . Essentials to us mean keeping the refrigerator cold in the summer and keeping the furnace running in the winter.I purchased my Tripp Lite Inverter/Charger model APS1250 from Amazon and the service was excellent as usual . Upon opening the factory sealed Tripp Lite box , I discovered the four screws and plastic cover plate for the inverter battery cable connection terminals were missing . This was not Amazon 's fault , so I called Tripp Lite directly hoping they could send them via US postal service saving both myself and Amazon shipping expense and hassle . After two ridiculously long phone calls to Tripp Lite 's customer service , I could n't get anyone to understand what little plastic piece I was talking about . I gave up and decided to forget about that stupid little plastic piece . The unit will work without it.I had previously measured the startup and running power needs of my fridge -LRB- 1100 watts start up , 170 watts running -RRB- and furnace -LRB- 600 watts start up surge , 300 watts running -RRB- with a Fluke 87 multi meter . The lesser expensive APS750 would have been able to handle things , but again I did n't want the unit to have to work too hard . Now with the APS1250 inverter hooked up , I proceeded to test run the inverter/charger using a 12 volt marine battery on my refrigerator and furnace separately to ensure it would work for my purposes . It appeared as though it would satisfy my needs.I read the instruction manual and set dip switches for my wet cell battery and set up the APS1250 connected to only my refrigerator with my 105 Ah marine battery . Then I purchased two more large high Ah wet deep cycle batteries to achieve a 36-48 hour back up power supply system for the cycling loads I would have hooked to the inverter/charge unit . A month went by and I noticed the batteries getting a little wet on top . A quick voltage check showed the APS1250 float voltage was too high at 13.85 volts continuously and the Tripp Lite unit was boiling the batteries . This time , an E-mail to Tripp Lite 's previously unimpressive customer service and I 'm told this is not adjustable , all normal , and the unit is working as designed.A little frustrated because I am into this for a $ 400 inverter/charger plus another $ 200 for additional batteries that I can not return , but I was still convinced that this will do what I need it to do . I decided to just turn the thing off when I 'm home and turn it on when I 'm away for my one to two day trips . Time goes by operating it only for short periods of time this way , the 12 month warranty expires , and at 15 months the APS1250 expired and ceased to function as it did previously . Now when turned on it emits an electrical hum that is louder than a conversation , a smell of something burning is quickly noticed , and the unit keeps tripping off with no load applied every time within seconds after it 's turned on.Another e-mail to Tripp Lite 's customer service yields no hope . My intelligence is insulted because I 'm told the unit is operating normally . Additionally I 'm told the warranty time period is up , the chance of any customer good will is ZERO , and getting the thing repaired even at my expense is out of the question , and I quote `` Tripp Lite is not equipped to service our products . `` My Tripp Lite Inverter/Charger experience has been completely disappointing . I do n't know which is worse , the product , or the customer service .
 One can get this level of dirty power in a $ 100 inverter . I am shocked . Maybe it is defective as the previous reviewer had the same experience . Some of us have distortion meters and scopes . Very disappointing . returning .
 Amazon accepted and cancelled order for cables at least twice , Had to leave on foreign trip , Came back on 28th january , 2013bought cables locally and hooked up inverter and battery , As a precaution checked voltage across fuse terminals.without fuseand without load plugged into inverter , The voltage was 13,0 volt . Checked inverters internal resistance without any load . It was zero.This means the inverter is dead i.e shorted out . I am disappointed in Amazons quality control and Tripp Lites quality . From now onI will buy only brand name productsfrom Amazon . This was an expensive lesson for me .
 Bought this to pull heavier loads , but have only used it on a light trailer so far . In the picture , it has a satin finish and looks like stainless , but the description correctly says it 's chrome plated . It seems robust enough , but after only one use much of the chrome has already worn off , even though a light coat of grease was applied before use . I would n't recommend this ball because of the poor quality of the chrome plating . My lighter-duty Reese hitch ball purchased at the local Walmart has better chrome plating and looks nicer after years of use .
 When ordering from Amazon beware you may receive one shock absorber -LRB- and be billed -RRB- while the second shock of a pair is back ordered even though they indicated it was avaialable when you ordered . Beware ! Be certain that you do NOT check the default box to ship items individually . I have been billed for three and have the fourth on backorder . I have learned a lesson not to rely on Amazon when I need a product immediately.This is not a criticism of the specific product , but it is a criticism of the Amazon policies and service . I have been a loyal Amazon customer and will continue to purchase items that are not time sensitive . I can not rely on their representations of availability .
 The parking mats are EXTREMELY light . There is a small sticky strip on the bottom of the mat in one single location . The first time my wife pulled into our garage , the mat moved about 6 inches forward . The sticky strip does not hold this mat in place , and the mat is too light to stay in place on its own , which basically means these mats are completely worthless . On the packaging material that came with the mats , it says `` the mats may move '' . They are right , they do move ... do n't waste your money .
 Idea great , but needs stronger tape or 2 units to be sure of not slipping .
 we need to figure out a way to keep this from sliding around - it does n't haave an effective non-skid
 the tape that adheres to the floor did not keep the parking stop in place . in florida it gets very hot during the summer the tape that the manufacture uses does not stay glued to the surface .
 Serve the purpose but are very light and flimsy . previous bumpers were made of rubber and did not move on floor or leave marks on floor .
 I find myself wondering if there 's a larger version of this ... after reading the glowing reviews of this , including the one published by the fellow with the big truck and big wheels that go with it , I went ahead and purchased this ... the `` stop signs on a post '' all seem to be made of flimy material that get broken after you run into it enough times.I drive a Honda Odyssey which means fairly big wheels . . I was underwhelmed with the size of this when it came out of the package I thought it would be much bigger ... the bump you feel when you go over it is barely perceptible . . I have to turn the radio off , make sure the kids are not talking and REALLY concentrate on it to make sure that I feel that telltale `` bump '' that lets me know the tire is fitting in between the two grooves ... it makes sense the hard plastic involved would have to be tough and durable given you have a car parking on it but I worry about the plastic bumps '' squeezing '' my tires on either side to the point where it will damage the tire - the tire fits snugly -LRB- perhaps a bit TOO snugly -RRB- in between the two bumps ... something that would n't be an issue if this whole thing was bigger.Personally I think the manufacturers should just charge an extra ten dollars or something and make the whole thing bigger , bigger bumps , bumps spread wider apart ... would make me feel a lot more reassured about the whole thing . . also please be aware that despite how big it looks in the picture this is only big enough to fit one tire ... period . . though the tape it came with appears to be holding up pretty well as far as anchoring it to the floor -LRB- as opposed to the carpet tape other reviews say they had to use but then again I 've only had it a few weeks maybe the tape will wear off over time -RRB- ... . I 'm still using it since it gets the job done so far . . but personally speaking I do n't find myself very reassured by it ...
 In the picture this looks like the perfect , inexpensive way to position the car in the garage . Unfortunately , it does n't do the job . It is too narrow to always be in the right place as you drive in and , more importantly the ridges that are supposed to stop the car are too low to be felt as you drive over them . The reflective tape is worthless , you ca n't see it unless you are 40 ft. away . Do n't spend your money , a 4X4 works much better , at a fraction of the cost .
 I own a Nissan Frontier Pro-4X truck with 31 '' tires that 's a tight fit in my garage . -LRB- Not that the garage is small . Just all the junk I have in it . -RRB- I could barely feel this under the rear tire when I back my truck in . I gave it to my mom for her Imprezza and it works a bit better . However , her floor is old pitted concrete . Nothing will stick to it as soon as it gets wet . -LRB- Except the POR-15 I once spilled and remains years later ! -RRB- My solution for my truck was a scrap piece of 4x4 wood , some scrap plywood , and some wood screws . I back onto the wood and then hit the 4x4 . Best part was , it cost me nothing and took maybe 15 minutes to make from stuff I had laying around . If I was worried about looks , I 'd hit it with some spray paint .
 I Bought this 2 month ago and I keep putting glue to keep it steady ... but still ... I 'm looking for something works better ...
 It keeps moving on the floor every time the car is parked . I am starting to think about replacing it with a more durable option , may be a laser park assist .
 It 's currently sitting somewhere in my garage , in the original packaging , and collect dust . I 've tried it couple times , and I found it 's quite hard to get the front tire to roll right in the middle of this . If you miss it when entering the garage , you might end up hitting the wall , and curse yourself .
 I bought this many months ago and it simply will not stay in place when you drive over it . I contacted the company customer support and they sent me another piece of tape and it still does not work . Until they create an adhesive that will hold it you are wasting your money on this product .
 Was impressed with quality out of box but quickly discovered that adhesive strip glue gets hot in the summer in a hot garage and slides , accordingly , I screwed to floor of garage and then discovered distance between lower rear and higher front bumpers are not far spaced far enough apart to fit my GMC Envoy tires , as tires are big and stradle both bumpers and tire sits on the lower front bumper , If you have a small car with small tires then if you bolt to the floor this set-up will work well for you , but I am removing and reordering a different design that is just one high bumper bar ,
 Seems simple enough you peel off the tape and stick it to the floor ... voila a car stop . I see it as a good concept just poorly designed and researched.I followed the instructions exactly . The first thing you will notice is the rectangle starts to move a bit -LRB- here 's a tip ... mark your initial installation as you will need this location in the future -RRB- . Then it starts moving more and more.Just in case you think I have some dually truck and I slam into this stop let me say I have a Prius , my garage is tight and if I miss I damage my car.The next , or it could be the first , thing you 'll notice is that the stop is not big enough . First you go over a tiny bump and then your stop . If you are moving too fast , by which I mean a tiny bit faster than a slow crawl , you will go over the stop . Speed is a very critical factor in using this stop.So time to modify my stop : So peel the stop off the floor and prepare both for adhesive . I used a HD Liquid nails . The adhesive was just to make sure it laid flat.The next step is getting out your .22 caliber nail gun -LRB- assuming you have a concrete -LRB- not sure what else it would be but who knows -RRB- floor ... and put a couple nails in the stop , but after I did this it seems like also a potential tearing issue so I nailed a block right behind it to keep it in place .
 This product suck for vehicles with larger tires . Riding over the first bump is ok , but I am always afraid that the vehicle will also run over the second one since the size is not much larger . If you are not careful you could give it too much gas and then risk driving over the second bump . This can cause damage to your vehicle or garage .
 There are no descriptions on this product , so going off of the picture , I assumed that I would get the entire running board , and not just a 2 foot piece that fits on the bed . I am very disappointed as this is not the product that I purchased , but a PIECE of the product .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 Ok . I know that after market products can be of lower quality , but , the original pump lasted 22 years ! This one , 5 minutes ? I do n't know if I just got a bad part or what , but I know I wo n't be buying Airtex again . Purchaser be cautioned .
 List was $ 39.99 and Amazon was selling them at $ 6.13 each ... so how could I go wrong ? First , not all covers fit all seat easily ... even ones the manufacturer claims they will fit . I used Amazon 's vehicle parts finder to make sure these would fit my Expedition but they do n't without lots of work and some cutting . My seats are power and heated so there 's a control panel on the side of each seat that you either have to remove to install the cover or cut the cover to fit around the panel . If you cut it you get a sloppy fit on the edge that gets the most wear entering the vehicle.Second , my vehicle has netting on the seat backs so you either lose that or you have a huge hunk of fabric to cut out and it looks like terrible afterwards and , again , you end up with a sloppy fit . I 'll probably cut the back off at the seat back and just use the cushion cover since that 's where my leather is ripped.Lastly , these things have to be dry clean only so when they get too dirty they 'll hit the trash can before I send them out and pay more for cleaning than I did for the item.At least I paid next to nothing for these and the shipping was free . I would have been much more disappointed had I paid the list price and there 's a lot of truth to `` you get what you pay for '' . I 'd recommend you not buy these unless you do n't care about what I 'm complaining about . I gave the 2 stars because they do look good and feel a lot better than leather does after it 's been in the sun for a few hours .
 the carpet is nice and they really do n't fit correct.They came with out the holes to fit correct to the car.so will have to find some hole bracketts to fit correct.It took a while to get them and then wrong when we did.Should have just gone to volvo dealer to get them.Color is correct.I think someone just grabbed off shelf and mailed them .
 IF JEEP DOES NOT HAVE FRONT TOW POINTS THE `` EASY '' INSTALLATION WILL GO BETTER WITH A CUTTING TOURCH , WEILDER AND LOTS OF MODIFICATIONS ! A MASTER WELDER WITH A LOT OF IMMIGINATION ON HAND WILL HELP .
 didnt send me any bolts to put it in so now i have to find some but the got it shiped out very fast
 Please do not waste your money . This stopped working after a month and a half . Just outside the warranty . Save yourself the money and order the original from the manufacturer or at least get an original part . HUGE WASTE !
 Although this was the charger listed for our camera , it did not charge the battery -LRB- and we had two batteries-neither was charged -RRB- ... Figured it was not worth the time and trouble to send it back . It was a neat little charger ... too bad it did not do anything but look pretty .
 Received the batteries in a very short time but no where in the add does it state that these batteries are dry and no acid is provided . I must now shop around for battery acid or return the batteries at my expense . When I called customer service they explained that the maintenance free batteries come with acid but no where is that mentioned in their add ... the gentleman just apologized for the inconvenience and hung up .
 Please include dimensions . How could anyone buy something online without an accurate description ? It 's called `` height '' and `` width '' . Whip out a tape measure .
 in the description it says the dimensions are 5 ' x 3.5 ' oval , I ordered this item thinking that was the true size , was wanting to use on the back up a pick up window , but the actual size is 5 '' x 3.5 '' oval , that is a big difference . would not have purchased this if I knew that , then the shipping and handling was outrages , in all the total cost was around $ 11.00 , this ad for item is very misleading , and also all the other ones in that catagory show the same large size but is actually very , very , very , small .
 Picture on Web site was for the fast cure adhesive . Received the slow cure , 1 week , adhesive . Adhesive is in a metal tube . Normal calk gun does not work . Difficult to use .
 I bought this vest thinking I was going to get what was pictured but i did n't . the leather is cheaply put together and I think I would have much rather spent a little more . The vest lasted me about 6 months before a seam started to break . I decided to do a little more research for something better and I ran into these guys
 I ordered the vest 3 sizes to big so it would fit over my leather jacket . It barely fit without it . I returned it and talked to costumer support and the woman was VERY rude and unhelpful . After 4 weeks I did finaly get my refund for shipping . The vest also arrived in a diffrent description that the website said . There was only 1 inside pocket instead of 2 , this is the main reason I purchased this vest from them . False advertisment . I do not recomend this company to anyone .
 Item was sent and it took more than 2 weeks to receive , they claim it was custom made . The seat covers were n't even close to what I had . Even the head rest was the wrong shape . I wanted to return the item and then I got attitude from the seller . This was a gift for Christmas , they drug their feet getting back to me -LRB- AUTO BARN -RRB- on wanting it returned . For 150 bucks and wrong fit I think I should be able to return it . FINALLY they said I could , then make me do all this other ectra stuff , pay for shipping to return and then drag their feet on getting me my money back . FINALLY I get an email stating I can have my refund but they shorted me $ 10 dollars . That might not seem like alot but I paid for shipping BOTH ways and then they short me !
 I bought a new MOAB basket and extension for my 2010 Xterra . It has many pros but here are the cons for other buyers : - Mounting System Sucks . This is the same system we were using to mount things on roof racks in 1970 ! Two bolts and a piece of plastic on each of the four mounts ... C'mon ! On top of this disappointment , the bolts were too short and I had to go get longer ones to fit my Xterra . I had to find 8 - 21/2 '' galvanized carriage bolts with the threads over the whole length of the bolt . - I would have thought the extension would join the front and back parts of the basket with the same type of hardware on each end . On one end of the extension I have a solid respectable joint with a cool `` Thule '' logo , and on the other end I have four cheap round plastic connectors . -LRB- The basket is not as solid on one end as the other , and in fact it `` hinges '' at the back end - When I step up on my back bumper and grab the basket , it pulls down because of how wimpy the extension connects to the back section of the basket.Thule needs to re-engineer these issues before I will recommend this product . I suggest they look at how Yakima mounts their Cargo Boxes with a one-touch clamping system ... I ran out of threads on regular carriage bolts.Also , the wind deflector is thumb-tacked on the front of the basket with plastic keepers that take unhuman strength to push through the deflector/plastic clamps . I do n't trust them to stay put , especially in the winter , and both my thumbs were injured installing them . Poor system . VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS BASKET FOR THESE REASONS .
 Turned a small-slow leak into a break that sprays radiator fluid everywhere ! I was just about to do a trade-in for a new vehicle , but now this little $ 3 bottle turned into a thousand $ repair .
 This product does not fit the way the OEM cables fit because it does not have a rubber covering that makes the holes water proof . Also it does not come with the 5th high voltage cable . Returned this item .
 I bought this 1 month ago and have not put it in my car even right now , smells disgusting , not worth it .
 With this fan hooked up my motor was on the edge of over heating and it was 70 degrees out . Also after the second week the fan quit working and I cant find anywhere to get it fixed . Not that I want it fixed I want my money back . Well , if you read the fine print they give you a percent of your money back minus shipping from them to you and minus shipping it back to them.Horrible product DONT BUY !
 This fan would be great if the temperature probe was not so fragile . I order this fan and when it arrived the temperature probe was broken off of the capillary tube . Amazon sent me a replacement fan and it arrived with the exact same problem , so after two fans I decided to go with the Flex-a-Lite it is a much better design - the tube is a thicker gauge unlike the proform . Anyone who tells you they are the same product just in a different box is a liar . DO NOT BUY PROFORM 67015 UNLESS YOU PLAN ON RETURNING IT !
 The item is listed as : `` 3M Marine Adhesive/Sealant Fast Cure 5200 , 05220 , White , 3 oz . -LRB- Case of 6 -RRB- . '' However , when I placed my order , I only received one , not a `` case of six . '' Not the deal I expected . Probably could find it cheaper somewhere else .
 I ordered Fast Cure and got the normal 5200 adhesive sealant , the fast cure dries in 24 hours and the one i got in 48 hours , dissapointed eventhough the reciepts says fast cure ...
 This turned out to be nothing more than a ` beeper box ' - no light bulb replacement for original back-up bulb - but it 's loud !
 Amazon part finder said this would work in my 2002 Jeep Wrangler SE , however , it is underpowered and squeaks when I turn on my lights or a/c if I am idling .
 I 'm not entirely sure what I expected , but these are n't it . I figured that a terminal is a terminal , but these are cheaply constructed even for the price . The hardware has a loose fit and I am weary that the coating will not keep the bracket from rusting quickly in harsh environments like marine which is what I bought them for.Finally , the packaging was simply unacceptable . The box it came in was too big to keep all of the parts together and upon opening it every single nut and bolt was loose on the bottom of the box . Not the end of the world but it was just the topper of a bad experience .
 This review has two ratings . First , Coverking products do fit well and feel wonderful . Readjusted them once already , may have to continue that . They do n't seem to stay put very well . Maybe a piece of that non-slip stuff used under rugs will work . Now the second part , less complimentary . Their web site does say that '' ... include everything that is needed -- ... console covers ... '' . That is where this company is advertising falsely and incorrectly . I ordered these because my leather front console is peeling . It was not included in the order and , as dealt with by the wonderful people at Autobarn -LRB- ***** 5 star rating for their efforts -RRB- , I have been informed that the console covers are ONLY for consoles that fold up into a seat . This is not so stated on the Coverking website . I may return these as I am dissatisfied at the remaining `` bad '' leather in my car , although the seat looks much better now . Maybe I should have used an actual store .
 First off , the build quality seems top notch . The welds are clean , the paint is even and it appears to be very solid . My review below is for the fitment , and I gave it a low rating because it does not fit right over skid plates even though the instructions specifically state it will.I bought this for my Grand Cherokee thinking it was going to be an easy install . I have OE skid plates , and according to Curt , this is no problem since you simply do not use the provided spacers for the furthest rearward hole . I spent 3 hours trying to get this thing to seat correctly on both sides . I finally gave in and went to my friendly mechanic which required myself and 2 mechanics to get it to fit right . It sits too snug over the skid plate and it is impossible not to scratch both it and the hitch considerably during installation . It is a shame because that nice paint job on the hitch looks terrible now and will probably rust soon . Bottom Line is Curt should make a model for skid plates and without.Additionally , the bolts included were the wrong pitch AND one arrived broken so it cost me another $ 9 in hardware.I wrote to Curt and I was told they would have engineering look into it.Update
 I ordered this for my jeep grand cherokee laredo with skid plate the hitch is way too small i returned it and they sent the wrong one again . would n't buy
 I am sure the product is great . It looks well made and by a well known company . That said , this part does not fit my car . I used the `` make sure it fits '' feature however this part is no where near matching the holes/ports for my Corolla .
 Would I buy it again ? No . Watch removing the package staples since you could rip it very easy . It 's plenty thick . So much so I doubt it 's Sheep Skin -LRB- but they never say it is -RRB- , unless it an OLD RAM . Suspect it 's Pig , Goat , or Horse hide . These are made in China . It 's buffed pretty well except for one 1/4 inch hole and two spots about the size of a half dollar that are hard as rawhide , -LRB- not buffed -RRB- . Now those will scratch clear coat paint . The nice part is those spots are on the same edge as the tear , so when I cut about 3 inches off that side that will get rid of all three . This and the 5 foot one I bought had one thing in common . When I laid them on a dark bed spread they left enough Hide Lint that I had to vacuum the spread off . Haaaa Now the company does n't tell you but you should wash a chamois with mild soap and then rinse it to remove excess tanning oil and hide lint . I 've used real chamois since I was a teenager and am 69 now . Never have I seen chamois produce so much hide lint when washed and rinsed . After three rinses both still produced a lot of hide lint , which will be left behind when drying , -LRB- so do n't plan on waxing -RRB- . This one was small enough I even rinsed it under running water for the fourth rinse . Then wrung it out and used on a bathroom mirror . It still left hide lint and water streaks behind . So it will probably be used on hard non-painted plastic or on wheel rims only . If it picks up brake dust or tar , no great loss . As this chamois dried I stretched it to keep it soft but it really wo n't stretch , even wet . For years I wore goat skin glove training horses and goat skin will stretch when wet , just like sheep skin . Goat skin also dries hard like sheep skin chamois . Because this chamois does n't do either and is so thick I believe it probably is made from pig skin -LRB- sure acts like pig skin -RRB- . I would recommend the ACME Tanners Choice chamois which are sheep skin , made in Turkey and are some of the best in the world . Have three of those and happy with all of them , sold on Amazon also . No I 'm not with that company , nor a paid reviewer , just an honest one . I hope this review will prevent anyone from making the same mistake I did buying these products . Yes , I could return it but it 's not worth the trouble .
 This cloth arrived with many stitches in it from where they repaired holes in the rag , also it does not absorb nearly as well as it should .
 Not working as expected or intended . I washed my car and I dried soaking up the water stains with this chamois . Nope , it hardly soaked up anything.Do not buy .
 It is rare to find a better value for your money anyplace but Amazon . You can probably find a bigger chamois for the same price at an auto parts store or Sears .
 This product is not worth the money . Everything is blurry looking though it . Maybe I got a bad one . I was not please with the quality .
 Good concept , but boy is it not worth it ! 1 . Pictures show it covers most of the visor width - maybe on a sub-compact , but certainly not on my full size truck ! This is not a case of one size fits all , but one size fits smallest .2 . The color appears more of a light to medium yellow than smoke , and almost makes things look brighter . It is not very easy on the eyes . A good sunglasses deep blue would be much better .3 . The plastic used has a distinct wavy-ness or distortion to it - I never could get used to it .4 . The extra dark slider WILL ONLY PROTECT ONE EYE . No matter how you move your head , one eye will always see the direct sun !! And as the highways curve this way and that way , you are always adjusting it .5 . The slider is always there , no way to move it out of the way if the sun is behind you or beside you . Distracting at the least.If I had n't destroyed the packaging when opening it , I would have returned it ! Save your money and use your regular visor and a good pair of sunglasses . They would have been better off making the whole thing out of the real dark slider material , then just drop it down in direct sun only -LRB- for both eyes , no wandering -RRB- , and pop it up when not in direct sun .
 We used a similar product on another car and found it necessary for my wife is a little shorter than average . We purchased a new car and the original one broke while installing it . The Sun Zapper also broke after 3 months of use . Repaired it by replacing the plastic rods with a full length brass tube -LRB- glued on with epoxy -RRB- . Tried to install it and then one of the plastic clips broke after moving the shield a few times . The sun visor is especially thick and padded . Another type of clamping mechanism should be designed for the Sun Zapper to make it more durable . Not worth the money as currently designed .
 I gave it one star only for the purpose of allowing a submittal for review . The premise seems to be logical , but the actual product is inferior . The surface is wavy which in turn distorts the image . It does n't deserve a rating and I 'm surprised it is promoted . Five thumbs down !
 Way too small for your car . And I have Honda insight . I wish they would made little bigger with better materials .
 Conclusion
 The plastic is too warped to see clearly through but it works well when used on the side window to block glare from the side .
 The sun zapper is too narrow to be of any help . When attached to the visor appropriately , it is too high to be of help unless you are very tall . I am average height and it does n't block the sun at all unless its nearly noon .
 I had purchased two of these for two different cars based on overall 3.5 rating given here . The clips are made of cheap plastic and do not open wide enough to get them on anything but the thinnest of visors without snapping in two . Or three , or four . But the worst part is the `` shield '' itself . As with several other commentors , the distorted plastic is terrible and dangerous . But the worst , which I did n't see reviewed , was that the `` shield '' does n't reduce glare or the intensity of the light AT ALL ! Nada ! You could burn your retinas waiting for this thing to work !
 this prodcut sucks . as the other reviewer said the visor is made of cheap plastic and it distorts your view and gave me an instant headache . also its much smaller than i thought . i think if it had distotion free visor it would be a so so product but save the hassle of having to return it .
 I bought two of these items . ONe for each car . I do n't think the clarity is as good as wearing sun glasses or as clear as I expected . I do use them at times . But I do not feel it works as well as I thought . I dont recommend it ...
 For an expensive visor the quality of the shield is poor . The view through the shield is distorted because of the poor quality of the plastic . The clips are difficult to get over today 's thicker sun visors . They feel like they might break off when used . Should have listened to those other reviews recommending not to buy this product . Would not recommend it either .
 Problem with clip . Snapped when I tried to use the visor . Attaching it now by a rubber band .
 This product was purchased for an extended wester driving trip ... it is as advertised , IF you read all the reviews . It is not sufficiently deep -LRB- High -RRB- enough for most road glare conditions and is not wide enough -LRB- lengthwise from left to right -RRB- to make it work when the sun is at an oblique angle . It also gives a very distorted image when looking through it due to bad manufacturing . I would NOT recommend this manufacturer or product . I am going to look for a better alternative on Amazon now.Sun Zapper Innovative Glare Shield
 The Sun Zapper is a good example of a good product idea gone bad due to a cheap manufacturing process . I guess I was expecting to much from a product that only cost around $ 15.00 to $ 19.00 . My main disappointment was the poor optical quality of the amber plastic sun shield . The first time I used my Sun Zapper I pulled it down into position to block the late afternoon sun only to see a sort of wavy , slightly distorted , slightly soft image of the road ahead . It reminded me of a very cheap pair of sunglasses or some very cheap window tint plastic material . All of these optical defects are amplified by the strong backlight of the sun on the amber shield.This could have been a great product if they had a higher price point and used a near optically clear grade of amber colored plastic . SORRY , BUT I CA N'T RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT .
 I would actually give this one a -0 , but there is n't a rating for that low . I returned this item . It is not wide enough - the `` patented '' sun shield is a joke and it makes you nauseous to look through it as the cheap plastic is distorted !
 I bought 3 of these . I found one lying on the seat of the car , the visor clips apparently failed overnight - I found the broken pieces in the car . I complained to Trillium and they sent me new clips free of charge . which was good because a second one failed in the same manner - fine at night , in pieces in the morning . the third one broke at the hinge where the shield snaps into the clip . flipped it down to block the sun and the whole thing landed in the driver 's lap while the car was moving.all 3 arrived in a scratched condition , tolerable but still looked like they 'd been dusty or dirty and someone cleaned them using scratchy materials . plastic is too soft , would n't hold up to regular dusting without becoming badly scratched . and they are NOT optically clear AT ALL , I got carsick while driving trying to view thru the distortion.a great idea that could use some practical improvements - a metal rod at the hinge -LRB- instead of a quarter-inch bit of plastic -RRB- , metal clips or greatly improved plastic clips -LRB- or including several spares with each purchase ! -RRB- , and better quality plastic or maybe even glass - something that wo n't scratch so easily and wo n't distort your view so badly.I was n't expecting much , but I was still disappointed .
 These things are a hazzard !! They are not perfectly smooth so when you try to look through them everything is severly distorted !!
 I think it lasted maybe a week and then it fell apart . Good idea , look for something else dont waste your money on this one .
 I recently purchased two Sun Zappers and after installing them came to the conclusion that the Sun Zapper was a great idea that was poorly designed and cheaply manufactured . The optical quality of the amber tinted plastic is terrible.Looking through the plastic sheet you will see a somewhat wavy , distorted image of the road in front of you . It is worse than looking through a pair of very cheap sunglasses at the setting sun . This would be a great product if they would use a higher grade of optically clear amber plastic and polarize the lens element . I was expecting to much for $ 15.95
 I purchased this sun visor since I 'm often times driving directly towards the sun , but it is n't as great as I thought it would be . It 's narrow and it 's more of a distraction than it is helpful . I think it would almost be better to just have the small , darker piece to maneuver where needed .
 This product is gargabe . Way too expensive for a piece of junky plastic -LRB- which scratches easily -RRB- and is really just a piece of poop .
 what a waste of material . I guess the idea was nice . not very high grade . I like the tint but images are n't clear . It 's also pretty small . they do make soft visors for a reason . btw , I did n't buy it because I was going to use it for its supposed purpose . Also it was more then half off .
 Product was not what I expected . The darker of the two plastic is hard to see through and you ca n't remove it a distraction when driving . As others stated the amber does have a distortion . I would not purchase this product again .
 I 've already reviewed this once , but here goes again ... the plugs are fine ; however , I ordered 8 , got 7 -LRB- which does n't work well -RRB- ... then another much later . In the process of trying to find an 8th plug I came to realize that the local Reilly auto part store sells them for half the price that I purchased them for on Amazon ... so , I returned them and got a credit .
 I ordered this item after checking if it fit my truck F150 5.4 L V8 . Amazon web site said it fits my truck . Unfortinatly I did not have the time to istall it on my truck and I lost my right to return it , THEY DO NOT FIT MY TRUCK .
 I gave ita 1 satr because it advertises front pads . But , when i recieved the order . It was rear break pads : -LRB-
 I was disappointed to see the product is only the replacement stones . The item description encompassed the honing tool . This is what I was after . A picture of the tool was also advertised . Very poor representation of the actual product . Now I will be shopping locally for the tool and will think twice about ordering anything else from this site . The only plus side is I now have replacement stones for my future tool purchase . - A Gearhead
 I replaced this side marker and the first thing I found odd is that the placement of holes were not like my old one so i had to drill new holes in trailer , very tough on a drill bit , broke two bits . I put in water the next day and one week later buld didnt work . seems the ground collected green corrsion in a week . for 8 bucs i guess its what it is worth , or a landscape trailer might be good for . They should put a disclamer , not for water !
 go with the normal ball hone , this one left uneven scratches , bound up , and I had to get a ball hone to fix the cylinder
 I purchased a set of floor mats from Coverking -LRB- thru a reseller -RRB- for a Mercedes Benz 350SDL . When I received my product it appeared the product was for a Mercedes 350SD . Compared to the original floor mats , Coverkings front floor mats were ill cut and the rear mats were 5 '' short . I contacted the reseller who tried to contact Coverking various times , by phone and email , without success to remedy the situation . The reseller refunded my money in the end and apologized for the unfortunate experience , which was beyond their control . Coverking 's website indicates the product is for the 350 SDL which it clearly is not . I will not buy another Coverking product after this experience .
 The mats shown in the ad vs the mats I received are not the same . As I indicated in an earlier review the mats shown have eyelets for securing to the floor of the vehicle . My car 2010 Cadillac DTS has the catches in the floor for the mats with the eyelets . The mats I received do not have that feature . They tend to move and not be stationary .
 for an item that ways .3 lbs I paid $ 7.20 for ground shipping that is 7-10 days in transit . It is not worth paying for the shipping .
 Brake hose does not include necessary gaskets ! Ca n't buy the gaskets anywhere because they always come with brake hoses . Bought brake hoses from the local Autozone parts store instead for the same price and they included the gaskets .
 The unit does not have a powerful enough solar panel to run any fan powerful enough to more any more than 10 cubic feet/minute -LRB- CFM -RRB- With the average car sporting 150 CF then it would that this unit a minimum of 15 minutes to change the air in the cabin.In that 15 minutes the air that is replacing the air being moved out is already hotter than the original air than was removed 15 minutes ago.It can not work , it will not work so everyone that purchased one should complain to the AG of Washington State that Amazon is selling an item that has been proved not to work , and could not do what is being claimed and are therefore committing fraud.To keep a car cabin at ambient temperature you need to exchange the air in 30 seconds or less . Or the system needs to remove 300 CFM .
 in everywy a piece of garbage . the ONE time i dont read the reviews . its made like crap , works like crap , doenst work with tint , heck it barely works unless you aim it directly at the sun . i sintalled it on a nice sunny clear day and only when it was aimed directly at did it work ... . im returning the 2 unopened . hopefully trillium worldwides crappy non existant service will be offset by amazons good service .
 We could n't get the product to work like it was suggested . It was a pain getting it to stay in the window . Would n't recommend this product .
 Had high hopes for this ventilator , as a Florida resident , but it was a bummer from the getgo . Tried to install it in a 2004 Corolla and simply could n't get it to fit . An hour of messing around and I dumped it in the garbage . Might fit your car , but I do n't think it 's worth the effort .
 This item does not work with even light tint on the window . Must have direct sunlight or fan will not operate .
 I can not give a complete review of this product because I never received it , however I was charged for it . I tried to contact the seller with no success !
 While this thing works fine in the sunlight outside a vehicle , it totally fails to operate when applied to a vehicle window as directed . I tried it in three different vehicles with only very little window tinting . A much better design would be to have the solar panel on the outside of the glass .
 Does not work with tinted windows . The fan is sub par and does not have enough power to cool the car .
 several things wrong with this item , first the solar cell is highly directional , will only power the fan when the window angle is within 15 degrees of direct path if car is parked on flat surface and translates to about an hour 's running , unless you move the car to again align the window . I bought 3 units for three different cars , -LRB- make model and year all different -RRB- but with same results . same problem . so many design flaws I wonder about if any serious testing was done . other than the apparent . . got idea , built in the garage , tested with the light bulb , sold to people
 I purchased 2 of these and the fan , if there is one , does not work . Do n't buy this item .
 We purchased it and tried to get it to fit the window and had a hard time . It barely moves the air inside the card at full noon so its still HOT in the car . Its cheap and does not meet expictations , DONT BUY IT .
 You can read all about why these do n't work very well or you can try an alternative that does work.Purchase a decent quality solar car battery charger -LRB- Wagan makes one for about $ 30 -RRB- which you place on your dash . There is less tint in the windshield so you gain performance right there . Also , these units are more powerful and can generate power even on cloudy days.Now that you have one of these . Put it on the dash . Plug it into a 12 volt outlet , then turn on your car 's built-in ventilation system , lock the car and walk away.If your car 's fan -LRB- not AC -RRB- takes more power than this unit generates , buy another one and plug it into the other 12 volt socket . If you do n't have 2 sockets , you can get a 2 into 1 socket.You may spend a little more for this setup , but you will find it much more convenient and effective.You now have a PSEV , Partially Solar Electric Vehicle.If you want the benefit but do n't want to bother , you can always buy a 2010 Prius with the solar panels already installed .
 I had ordered this product to remove the hot air from my car and it sounded great until I got the unit . The first thing I read the directions and at the bottom it stated it may not work on some tinted windows , It did n't say that in the sales ad . Second it said to return it to the manufacture it not satisfied no cash refunds they would give you a credit to buy something else from them . One more thing they said in the directions that it needed to be facing the sun to work corectly so I guess I have to keep moving my car all day to make it work IF I had clear windows !!!!
 I live in middle east where sun is scorching more than moon always . Temperatures are roughly 120F normal for months and 150F in peak times . This product can not work if you have tinted windows -LRB- which I do have it -RRB- and you can not keep your car without tints otherwise you will burn your skin . The solar sensor needs direct sun light which means if the car is in part shade then it will not work.There is a ventilation channel or Adapter you have to install with this product it comes along with it and it creates air pockets gap between your window glass and this equipment.This air pocket or channel creates air passage which is killing if you live in desert locality , your car will be having dust inside as much as outside.Otherwise inconvenience I have felt is if you run A/C and you have this fan installed on your any windows with air passage channel strip then the A/C air will be leaking out and hot air will be coming in , you will never be able to achieve the maximum level of A/C performance with this . Solution ? install it when you park your car in scorching sun and then uninstall it everytime you want to drive away and to me this is a major inconvenience . Because when you are suited for meeting and there is a sun outside of 122F , you really just wana get in to you vehicle ready start with A/C on to maintain the temps . Instead of standing outside and fixing unfixing this fan . To me , this product might be useful for other region but not for desert or middle east atleast.Beware , Air pocket strip also creates good opportunity for thieves to unlock your doors because there is a gap of 1.5 inches created for the fan body by air strip .
 The problems of ths product are :1 -RRB- It does n't fit in my windows . I ` ved tried it in my 2 cars but still it does n't fit in it .2 -RRB- The weather strips are too short . I searched it on the internet for additional weather strips but it was not available . And for all I know is it is really not available in market/stores .3 -RRB- The solar plates must be facing directly to sunlight . There are some instances that the AutoVent is not working because of the angle of sun rays .4 -RRB- The strips are hardly to remove . If you set it up for the leftside of your car window , it should always be at the left side . if you choose to change the position to the right window , it is hard to remove the strips from the AutoVent to set it up for the right window .5 -RRB- the AutoVent is not practical if you are installing it up if you are in a hurry .
 It does not work unless you point it directly at the sun , and then not very well . This item is useless .
 did nothing for my car . i bought a sun reflector for the windshield and this lowered the temperature far more than this item . junk , just not worth the shipping and handling charge it has to be installed everytime you wish to use it . needed a cover over the outlet so that when you are driving and want to use the AC you do n't lose AC out the vent of the device .
 I gave this product one star but would have preferred the option to give it no stars . I bought the Trillium Worldwide TWI-7001 AutoVent Solar-Powered Ventilator . This produce does not give the information needed to make a decision about buying it . It is true that it is solar powered but it does n't tell you there is no storage battery and for it to work the sun must hit directly on the solar panels and that just is n't going to happen all day . I have yet to see it move . I am very dissatisfied with this product . It was a waste of money .
 I bought two of these items , one for each back window of my sedan . They made absolutely NO difference in the heat in car . The Florida panhandle was too much for them . Perhaps in Vermont or Maine they might be able to keep up . For me , though , they are a waste of my money . One star because the fans twirled under solar power . That 's all .
 The device is well built and really protects the rest of the cracked window and it does not creat any noise , and it worked perfictly for 24 hours before dying and refusing to work ,
 I thank goodness did not buy this product , but was very tempted . I want to thank all the honest people for their reviews . . It saved me money and time . Thank you
 I used it for two weeks and removed it because of air noise from the window it was installed on when I drove on the highway . I also found thatif I opened/vented the sunroof of my car the same outcome of the AutoVentwas achieved .
 save your cash , just crack two windows and it will be more effective than this . I 've tried several variations of this over the years , this one 's the same . The little axial fan can not make pressure which is needed to pull the air from the car , even then the tiny panel is inadequate too . Remember `` the mouse and the motorcycle '' with ralph the tiny mouse with the tiny car too ... . well I do n't thing this horribly designed and executed product would work on his car either.Both the mfr and distributer must know this , did they try it before they marketed it ? Maybe not . So I guess we ca n't blame them , they did not know , was n't their fault . I mean testing costs money , why waste it ? Here have all of mine , keep it , I do n't need it . Really.In the end I am giving it one star instead of the minus 100 it deserves because hey it 's cheap , like $ 15 ? That 's always a silver lining . `` Well it did n't cost much ! '' . On the day you see a product like this on the market which has real technical specs like not just the CFM rating of a cheap fan but the inches in pressure rating of a squirrel cage or cross flow blower , and the power rating in watts of the panel powering it , you will have a product that works.You 'll also probably have to chop a hole or two in the car to install it but hey ...
 The solar powerd auto vent does not move enough air to make any diferance in temperatur at all . I feel it was a total waste of time and money . It might make a cute science project in grade school but for its intended purpose it is useless .
 this is not a fan , its a plastic wheel that moves one cubic inch of air per minute . In other words it sucks ! And I do n't mean air , needless to say I 'm not happy with the product and I am returning the two that I bought .
 The idea behind this product is great , too bad it does n't work . The solar panel that powers the fan is extremely weak . It must be facing the sun directly in order for the fan to power on . I had the fan installed in my car for about 2 weeks , and not once did I see the fan going , and my car was no cooler than before I had this put in . The only time I 've actually seen the autovent work was when I took it out of the car and held the solar panel to the sun on a very bright day.This product is USELESS ! If there is one measly cloud in the sky , or your car window is not 100 % facing a very bright sun , the fan wo n't work and your car will be as hot as ever . You are better off just buying one of those metallic reflectors for the front windshield , at least you know that would work .
 The vent has been a waist . It does n't fit in my window , if I close against the vent at all , the fan will stop working all together . Just so you know ...
 This thing not only does n't work unless the solar cell is in direct sunlight ... but when it IS `` on '' it does n't move any effective amount of air at all . Total waste of money ... do n't buy it ... piece of junk !!! -LRB- I rated this item with one star only because there was n't any lower rating option . -RRB-
 I installed the device in a 1993 Buick Roadmaster and found that the fan did run in direct sunlight . It did not reduce the temperature inside the car very much if at all . The item was shipped promptly and arrived in good condition .
 This thing does not install in seconds as suggested , it comes with goofy plastic pieces that you 're supposed to put in the window with it . Who want 's to fool with that everytime ? It also says to not use with tinted windows , something that could have been mentioned here .
 This device is nothing but a high priced gimmick that looks good in advertising , but does ABSOLUTELY NOTHING IT SAYS IT DOES . The unit is hard to install , for beginners . It is too much to mess with every time you get out of your car in hot weather . If there is low sunlight , or you have the least amount of tinting on your windows , even factory shading , IT DOES NOT WORK . You must point it directly to the sun in order for it to activate the venting fan in it , and how many times is your car tipped and pointed so the unit will look directly at the sun ???
 it does not work and when it arrive i found it broken !! made from cheap materials , and i can rate it with a half star
 It does not work unless sunrays fall directly on it . I would n't suggest this product .
 This product does not cool down the car . It is too small . I would not use this on an expensive car because the weatherstrips that you need to install the product can be easily cut with a razor blade allowing for easy access to your car locks . If you buy this , PLEASE DO NOT LEAVE YOUR PETS OR KIDS IN THE CAR and think that it is safe .
 If you have tinted windows this product does not work !
 this product does work , BUT it has to face the sun , so if you put it in the window that faces east it will work in the morning , not in the afternoon , it needs to be put in a window that faces southwest to work the way they claim in the TV ad.Also they are hard to place with powered windows .
 Unforuntately , these devices do not work . The unit did nothing to reduce the temperatures in my car . There was also a TV channel that did a test of these type of units and they found similar results , that it does nothing .
 What can I say ? This thing would n't cool a gnat 's -LSB- ... -RSB- . I found no noticeable difference using this thing . The sun would sometimes tweak the plastic so the fan would stop running . If you leave it on the window while you drive , the wind spins the fan and makes a lot of noise.You 'd do better to tint your car windows .
 I bought this because I was delivering food for a living , and I had to park on the streets in the summer time . My car would get unbearably hot . So , I purchased this in desperation ; hoping it would prevent my constant dehydration.FIRST OFF , it requires you to cut this rubber stop so that it 'll fit your car window . If you do n't , according to them , then it does n't work . Which does n't make sense , because air flow is air flow.SECOND OFF , it does not run on Solar Power . It runs on photo-senors , which is different , because photo-sensors require a certain amount of light to power the circuit . And though , this is the same as Solar Power , it is not the same function as Phot-Voltaic , which is that ANY light , triggers it.THIRD OFF , it simply does n't work . I still had a tough time grabbing the steering wheel and my seat belt and the like . The only drop in temperature , occurred when the windows were rolled down ; NOT because of this product , but because there was natural air flow . And to test it , later , I put it up against focused light . The fan DOES N'T PUSH ANY AIR ! It just whirls around , making a faint noise as it laughs at you -LRB- metaphorically , of course . -RRB- Do n't buy ; I did , and now it 's at the bottom of a dump , with a TV from 1974 .
 It 's a good fan which could probably move a lot of air out of your car , but when i installed it i realized that the space it creates between the top of the window and the door frame was unacceptably large -LRB- about 1 '' on my vehicle -RRB- which means anyone can easily insert their fingers in to the space it creates . The plastic guards that are provided with the fan are meant to fill the `` gap '' , but this renders the window unusable as the guards will fall out when you open it.PS - if you have a car with `` auto close '' power windows , this device will likely not work as the window has a pressure sensor to avoid trapping fingers and is triggered by the fan when trying to close the window .
 The shipper and handling of the product was excellent , however , the product itself is not design to be effective . The solar panel should be at more of an angle to catch the sun 's rays in order to cause it to operate . If window have any tint , it will not work . The design should allow the solar panel to be attached on the roof of the car to operate effectively .
 Item did n't work well out of the box . Poorly balanced impeller and assembly . Solar cell barely had the power to turn the blade , much less suck fresh air in and spit hot air out , and I live in Sunny California . Did n't even want to bother replacing/refunding the item cause I did n't want another or waste time refunding .
 Unless solar panel technology improves greatly AND the solar panel size is increased by 10 fold , I do n't see how this fan can be effective .
 I have ceramic tint in my windows and the fan immediately spins when sunlight hits it . The problem is that the fan does n't move any air . Even when I hold it to the sunlight and place my hand over the air outlet , you ca n't feel any airflow . They use an impeller type fan , and it does n't move any air . Save your money , this thing is junk .
 Right out of the box it was a piece of garbage . The sun is n't strong enough for this thing .
 Looks good on paper , but the units really do n't work well . I purchased two , and the difference in the car 's temperature not much . The fams turn only in the brightest of light when the car is oriented 90 degrees sideways to the sun , which is not always possible . The cases flex when the window closes so the fan wo n't turn , so fooling around with them to get them just right takes time , then water can leak in if you get a thunderstorm because the fit is n't tight .
 Would I buy this again NO . Here 's why . I missed it but no where do they say these are Sheep skin . I may be wrong but suspect this one I got is domestic goat skin . A smaller one I bought I have no doubt is Pig Skin . Since they are made in China this has made me really compare and check them closely , since most Chinese products are inferior quality . First the package has 4 LARGE STAPLES that go through the skin Every layer -RRB- and if you do n't open these CAREFULLY you will tear it , since they double back on themselves . Some reviewers report holes developing when used and I can believe that . Second no where does this company say it is lamb or sheep skin , which leads me to believe it probably is pig or domestic goat skin , or horse hide . Is it going to scratch my new cars paint or hold up long ? Good question . I also bought the 2 foot one and have no doubt it 's not sheep or lambs skin . I 'll review it later and probably will never use it on my car paint since I fear it will scratch the new Clear Coat paint . The 5 foot one is thin enough and buffed fairly well , so its soft . But I have the ACME Brand made in Turkey also -LRB- same sizes -RRB- and those have instructions to wash with a mild soap to remove excess cod oil before using , -LRB- that 's normal -RRB- and when you do you will see the excess oil . -LRB- I use mild bar hand soap -RRB- These Detailer 's Choice ones do n't tell you that and if you compare them you can see a difference in the amount of oil used when looking at them unwashed . -LRB- AS an aside the Chinese made chamois have had import restrictions place on them in Europe due to the inferior quality , deceptive advertising , etc. . But not those from Turkey -RRB- Both of the Detailer 's Choice leather skins are cut nice and rectangular , which shows they come from a large skin . Now I do n't often write negative reviews but check what I 'm saying by researching on the net . If I had done that first I would never have bought these . Yes I could return them but after deducting the return fee and shipping it is n't worth it . I think of this mistake as a lesson learned and would not recommend these nor buy them again . Other negative reviews are probably right on the mark.ADDENDUM
 Order 2 of these in April . I wash 2 Ford Explorers weekly . In the past Chamois I brought at Costco would last me at least 2 years . Costco no longer sell them and I ordered these off of Amazon and they have been falling apart from the 1st time I used them . They come with a huge staples in them that puts 2 holes in from the beginning . Would not buy again
 Do n't buy this chamois . The quality is very poor . It is made in China . Something that Amazon does not indicate in product details . After rinsing the chamois as instructions state , there were holes in the chamois . Not worth the $ 16.28 . This is an overpriced poor quality disposable Chinese chamois . I have owned many chamois which have lasted years . This one will be good for one wash .
 It is hankerchief size ... certainly not 5 sq feet ! It was not able to be used as I intended . Months later , the advertiser has not corrected the error . Beware if you really need a large chamois .
 What a rip off !! At 21 '' X 28 '' , this Chamois measures 558 square inches . Five square feet is 720 square inches . NOT AS ADVERTISED !!! . Very disappointed . Will not buy again.I feel ripped off Amazon !!!
 Suede particle residue left on vehicle during first use . Also , holes began to form . I believe this is a manufactured leather product . Suede feel on both sides of Chamois .
 I should have read the reviews before I bought this chamois . After washing my car and drying the car with this chamois . There was noticeable lint all over the car . What use is this product if there is lint all over the car . You can not buff the car or wax the car with all the lint this thing leaves behind . I had to end up washing the car again to get all the link off . I just paid for an expensive grease rag . If you have money to burn or throw away , buy this POS . Better yet if you want to throw away your money , just give it to me .
 I have been buying Chamoies for the past few years on Amazon with no problems . But the last couple I have received started to shed all over my car , these are new not old ones . On a dark car it showes up like little lint spots not so bad on the lighter color cars . Very disappointed in these ... . I have been using Chamoies for over 40 years and have never had this problem before ...
 This chamois is very thin and will not last long . I purchased same item two months ago and is falling apart . After purchasing again realized this chamois is too thin and will not hold up with repeated usage .
 I had a nice leather chamois before , but I 'm not sure if this is real leather . It smells like it , but it 's really thin compared to the one I had in the past . Also with my old leather , it was like a leather jacket in that one side felt like the outside leather , and the other suede . This one is really thin , and both sides look like the suede part . I think the price is high for what it is .
 I ordered a dash mat for a 2002 Dodge Dakota . . In reviewing my order , I ordered the correct year . But received 2005 to 2007 dash mat . I am in the process of returning it . This was a Christmas gift for my husband . In fear of this happening again , we will purchase it locally .
 I really wish I had just purchased roof racks and a Thule/Yakima cargo box instead of this . The straps go through the doors which does n't work if you 're tall , and the car clip straps scratched my car up . The straps also did n't stay tight , which led to the bag flying off my car at 70mph ... Tore up in several places . Thank god no one was behind me at the time or they could have been killed . You can also only store lightweight stuff in it or it will dent in your roof.Complete waste of money in my opinion ... Do yourself a favor and spring for quality roofracks and a cargo box .
 Not real pleased with this . Bought it for my son for Christmas . The instructions were very vague and it looked terrible when we got it up on the car . It did not have near the storage I thought it would .
 I installed the plate on my truck it looked great got up the next morning the letters fell off of the tag .
 I bought this 1 month ago and have not put it in my car even right now , smells disgusting , not worth it .
 the price was great but this did not fit the lower bracket on my 89 Jeep Comanche . I could have modifyed it to fit perhaps but I 'll just take it back and get the Pioneer part from autozone.Don ' t fool with this part .
 The brand new generator , purchased for emergency power loss , ran for three hours then crashed . I had a shop take it apart . A bearing in the generator self destructed , with the ball bearings getting into the windings and destroying the generator . Customer service at Alton was finally reached after 20 calls over a month . Julie at Customer Service at Alton would not return calls . I finally gave up on getting help . Apparently Alton do not have parts for this China import . Customer service at Alton or any other department rarely answers their phone . I wrote Alton emails but never received a reply . My generator has to be thrown away . I will never deal with this company again .
 All the bad reviews combined is exactly what has happened with my unit . If some one gave it a good rating just give it time the same you will have the same problems as rest of us ! Never knew of a product that had no replacement parts were available and customer service so bad .
 We used this generator through two storms that knocked out power for a total of six days . It ran well . However , the generator leaks gas out of the gas fill and the fuel gauge when the unit is tilted to move it . Seals are no good . The starter rope frayed badly , and had to be replaced . Their customer service is in my opinion hard to get on the phone , unresponsive to requests , and has a uncooperative attitude . As this is an el-cheapo generator it appears that they have zero interest in being customer friendly . So , if you want an el-cheapo and are willing to take a chance on product quality and customer service , I can say that it did run through a couple of storms for us and is still functional . I would not buy from Alton again .
 Can not seem to get parts for this made in China generator.Carb has plugged up while setting dry.There are no part numbers supplied in the manualThere is no source given to obtain parts.The unit has been used very little and sat for a year after having the gas drained.When I put some gas in it , the gas just poured through the carb.Should have bought a Honda instead of buying a cheap china unit.ed .
 For the price they are ok . They seem not to fit well and are too short but , if you want to get off cheap they work fine .
 For the price they are ok . They seem not to fit well and are too short but , if you want to get off cheap they work fine .
 I ordered these brake pads under the assumption that they fit my vehicle . The info i put in on the website said that these pads would fit my 02 Tacoma . Unfortunately when the mechanic tried to put them in he said that they were not the right fit for the truck . My mechanic also looked up the part # on the Akebono website and found the same brake pads were listed . Had to return these and buy a different brand .
 For the price they are ok . They seem not to fit well and are too short but , if you want to get off cheap they work fine .
 There was only one other review for this item and it is as vague as the description given for the item . The other review stated the plug was different for a 95 Nissan . Well I am working with an 87 Nissan D21 and thought maybe it was different due to the year ... . This may not be the case!The plug on this light is a two wire for a 1156 bulb . The stock lights have a 3 wire plug for 1157 bulbs . So check your plug before ordering.If a person still wanted to use these then you could cut your 3 wire plug off your old lights and splice them onto these . Use them as either a parking light or turn signal.As for quality , these are the worse I have seen for after market lights . They have no rubber elbow on the back that allows the light to air out , but does have a hole on the back where one should be . Use your old elbow or else that hole will be where water enters.They also do not have the metal brackets that the plug mounts to but provisions to use your old ones.And they do not have gaskets/seals behind the lens . But they do have screws -LRB- but no retainers where the screws go into the bumper -RRB- The last after market lights I bought for this vehicle looked much better and came with everything ... . and only cost $ 14 for a pair . I have looked on Amazon and with the local suppliers and they are $ 20 each now . But if I knew these lights where like this , I would have spent $ 20 each instead of the $ 30 for this pair that I may not even use.I hope this review clears things up and helps better than the other review .
 I entered this item in the `` will it fit '' and amazon said that it would . Upon receiving it which the shipping was fast a + + on that , but I went to apply it to my vehicle and the factory plugs are different than the ones on the lights . The only things I could use from the lights were the clear lenses , screws for mounting and the brand new lamps inside the units . Bad buy on my part they should just sell the clear lenses not the whole unit . But shame on amazon for having incorrect information . These clear front bumper lights DO NOT FIT on a 95 Nissan Pickup XE .
 Filled and per-primed on the bench . Installed/bled and front brake circuit would not apply enough pressure to the calipers to stop some one from spinning the tire by hand with brakes applied . Complete failure out of the box .
 I bought this expecting to use it during plane flights to run my computer . When fully charged it would only power the computer for a maximum of 15 minutes . If fully charged the night before and unlugged/packed , it will loose all power/charge by the next morning . I purchased 3 of these all new and all 3 have he same problems . Not as advertised since it fails to even hold a charge for 8 hours and run time when freshly charged is a very small fraction of the long advertised run time . RUN from this product and find something else that actually works as advertised , but avoid this LEMON .
 Both bulbs blew out within 4 months time . They were brighter than stock Honda lamps . But , obviously did n't last long . Very disappointed . Do n't waste your money .
 I choose the correct type and brand of car ... when the bands get here in Dom Rep i go to the mechanic and when we try tu put the bands they do n`t fit . they ` re smaller for the mazda miata 2005 . Now i got those bands here and i lose my money
 Although , as stated in the subject , the product was as I expected , I found once I got it to the location I was actually using it , that it was missing parts . The original packing box had obviously been opened . I discovered this when I unboxed it from the Amazon packaging . I thought I checked it thoroughly for missing pieces but apparently not . The screw that holds the pump handle to the pump was missing . As I said , I did n't discover this until I was trying to use it . Though I accept the blame for not checking carefully , I still feel it is incumbent upon the supplier -LRB- either directly or via Amazon -RRB- to insure the item is complete and intact prior to shipping .
 I expected a soft cotton finish , but it is annoying finish with longer hair than you see in the picture.I would recommend to go for more expensive item to have better quality.I wanted to return , but Amazon charging $ 6.85 + $ 5 -LRB- to pick up from home -RRB- . So I just kept it though I did n't liked it at all .
 Got these pads because I was tired of dealing with the dust of the brake pads , these however do n't stop well when cold . They are okay when they are warmed up but until that time they just do n't work well .
 I purchased two of these items in April of 08 . The amazon page said `` lifetime limited warranty . '' This month , less than one year later , the right rear struck blew . I did n't ask for a copy of the warranty when I ordered these shocks because my original equipment lasted 125,000 miles and with a brand like Monroe I had no concerns . I emailed both Amazon and Monroe and received no reply . Since I emailed from their own web sites I could not make a copy of the emails sent . Amazon replied that it was Monroe 's problem and Monroe has not replied . I called Amazon and some dimwit transferred me , without saying to whom , to another number . It was the outfit that handles the warranty and they said they do n't handle individual warranty claims , they handle claims through retailers and sellers ... My Van sits tilted to the right because of the blown shock . I even said I 'd pay for a replacement with the understanding I could return the defective part and when it was returned and verified defective they 'd credit my account . Still no reply . Go figure , I do n't want money back , I want the replacement part ...
 Not worth the money as cheap as they are I guess you get what you pey for glad you took them back thanks
 Okay item . Worth the $ 7.48 for the two . They are n't easy to clean and show ever piece of dust . Not as heavy duty as I probably need , but fun to have , and do get some comments .
 I have been buying products from Amazon.com for a while and this is the worse product I ever bought . I got the pair on sale . I 'll never ever by cheap cheap products with cheap cheap price eve ever again .
 Bought it because it was really cheap , but when I got the product I am very disappointed . First of all , it says see the item for country of origin , and when I opened the box , the filter was n't even in a plastic wrap or anything ... and of course , there is nothing beside that filter inside the box . Then when you compare the filter to the pic on the box , it is not right as well , supposedly the pic on the box shows a black plastic casing around the white filter , NO , i did n't see anything like that , the filter is just one piece of cotton , the sides have mesh on them but no casing at all !!! Then I tried to fit it to my old volvo and not sure if my air intake casing warped or this is the wrong spec , but when i inserted this i had to use duct tape to tape both ends so no small openings would appear !! Bottom Line
 This gas can was purchased for long trips . The problem is the vent is built into the nozzle and it takes a VERY long time to pour the gas into my car . Would not recommend this product .
 This filter does not fit the newer style -LRB- B5 -RRB- Passats , I beleive this is for the older model ending mid 2001 .
 I entered the stats for my 1994 Honda Civic and was told this is the mat for my car . When I got it , it was a good fit except for the passenger side of the dash . It is too big on that side . I thought maybe I got the wrong one , so I came back to Amazon and looked at it again carefully and got the same model number . I searched online at found other sites recommending this same DashMat model number and this is the model number I kept getting for my car . So , because I needed one really bad and did n't know what else to do , I had to alter it myself to fit , which is OK , because I 'm a seamstress and I know how to alter , but this problem needs to be remedied by the manufacturer .
 Ordered the SYNERGY Digital Mini Battery Charger Kit for Sony NP-FA50 & NP-FA70 Batteries with the car charger adapter and 110 to 240 volt adapter plug through a company called BrilliantStore . It took two weeks for the package to arrive . When I opened it , the item was completely different . It was not a SYNERGY charger . In fact , it was a cheap knock off made by KAMERA . It had a car adapter , but no 110 to 240 volt adapter plug . I decided to try the charger , but it did not work . The 110 volt plug flips out , but it is cheap . I literally had to hold the charger in a certain position to get a good connection when the plug was flipped out , but the indicator light would not stay on . The car charger adapter did n't work at all . I borrowed a friends 110 to 240 volt adapter plug to see if the charger would work in a 210 outlet . I did the same as I had when it was plugged into a 110 outlet . Same disappointing result . I contacted the company about returning the item and getting a refund . I explained all the issues to them and their response was `` Dear Customer , The plug for the charger is actually a foldable plug on the back of the unit . Please call us at 1-877-383-5641 if you need assistance in locating this . '' Really ! WTF ! What kind of response was that ! Did they not read the entire message ! I since then have sent 2 responses to their message and have been completely ignored . I also attempted to contact their customer service # 3 times . Put on hold for an average of 30 minutes before being disconnected . At this point I have given up on the refund . A friend of mine bought it from me for what I paid for . He said he can use the components of the circuit board and the car charger for when he does electronic repairs . As for BrilliantStore , I will never purchase anything through them .
 This lock sucks , plain and simple . The key is difficult to insert and remove , it is not a smooth feeling and you have to fight it to get it in or out , and visually the key hole looks like raw cut metal with jagged edges . It looks like a piece of crap on the mailbox!It 's working temporarily since it 's -LRB- only slightly -RRB- better than the lock that was being replaced but it 's going in the trash as soon as I go to the local home hardware superstore to get a different lock.The product I received for ordering this `` EZ-Flo '' lock was a Guard Security mailbox lock part number 127/5 and nowhere does it say EZ-Flo so maybe I did not get the product that I thought I ordered . I ca n't find a picture of the EZ Flo packaging anywhere to compare to what I received .
 I bought this lock to replace the lock on my mailbox in my new house . It does not lock the pins seem to not engage I 'm not that worried about mail theft in my area , I do n't think I would have installed a locking mailbox if it was n't already there , so I 'm going to leave it as a visual deterrent .
 Maybe this lock would be OK inside , but outdoors it rusts quickly and freezes easily . I had to replace it in less than a month .
 Well , I needed a new filter for my 1999 Honda CR-V and the amazon site said that this would fit . It did not . I had to rip a piece of it off to get it in there .
 This product did not work for us . Someone else recommened it as it worked for them . No complaints as we may not be using it correctly .
 This blade is made by Trico and marketed by Bosch . Bosch sells so few your chances of getting really old stock are pretty good . Most people are happier with flat blades for winter driving , but flat blades do n't have the lateral strength to `` plow '' through heavy wet snow and tend to skate over the top . If you must have a conventional winter blade you will usually get fresher rubber buying the much more popular Trico branded version of this blade .
 I received this item in a firm plastic sleeve that might have been opened previously . The wiper inside was dirty . The other blade I ordered -LRB- same one in a different size -RRB- was in even worse condition . These are going right back to the sender .
 stays rigid and does n't conform to the shape of the windshield . Good thing it 's on the passenger side and does n't really matter .
 I got a matched set of these blades after having a normal set of Bosch blades ice up like crazy in Tahoe . I ca n't speak for the ice-resistant properties on these , but for normal rain they suck . They do n't seem to mold at all to the curve of my windshield , leaving a good 2 &#34; -3 &#34; on the left side of the driver 's blade completely untouched , and the same on the right side of the passenger side . In addition , on the upstroke , they seem to sort of skid off the windshield , leaving water pool that does n't actually get bladed off until the downstroke.I 'll be going with another brand next time , although I 'm not sure what .
 First one sent was 181/2 &#34; long and ended up damaging the paint on my hood . The second one measured the same .
 They tend to rise off the windshield like an airplane wing when driving at road speed due to air coming up from the bottom of the windshield . Of course , they do not wipe clean unless you 're sitting still or driving slowly . Money wasted .
 Purchased a number of these bosch blades , in various sizes for three cars . Blades installed on passenger side of Honda Accord are not curved enough to stay in contact with the window . When at rest , about 6 inches at the far side is off the glass . When in motion , that blade fully contacts the glass over only about 75 % of the wiping area . Blade seems to have very little ability to accommodate curved windshields . Have used many brands before , never had this problem .
 For the price , these wipers are not as good as I would have hoped . They are really no better then any other brand you can buy at any auto parts store.Personally , I honestly doubt that anybody makes a decent long lasting wiper blade for summer or winter . It seems this is the only part of a car or truck that is stuck in time . Not getting any better as time goes by . I have been driving for 47 years and have been through a lot of different windshield wiper blades on a lot of different cars and trucks . They are about the same now as when I started driving . All the so called advancements are in my book , nothing but a bunch of hype . Bunk , B.S. ETC. .
 Agree with other reviewer in that blade does not make uniform contact with windshield . Streaky brand new from box.I will see if I can modify it , bend it some , cause its not worth returning.Oh well lesson learned . If I want cheap I can always buy low end from Walmart/Autozone/ORileys . This is definatly a low end product .
 This product did not work in my VW Golf Manhatan 1996 1.8 LBack clips were missing . Perharps these brake pads are for another VW
 please dont waste your time with this item , it does n't sound like those youtube videos. , on the first day i got my whistle i want it too return it , but it was gon na be more expensier to mail it back.so i end up wasting my money .
 Yes what do I expect right ? Not a whole bunch but having worked on a whole bunch of turbo 's I expected to at least have the whirl a turbo makes as it decelerates and accelerates . this only became apparent if I rev very high . I did hope it would slightly lower my exhaust noise as it does divert the flow slightly . No such luck there either . The construction is good though but instructions for positioning or even installing were not included . It is possible a complete stock exhaust may be different .
 if you have a 3 '' or bigger exhaust it wont make a sound air goes around it so I really dont know if it will work on standard pipe its price than better than speed shops
 ITS A COMPLETE WASTE OF YOUR MONEY AND WILL DESTROY YOUR ENGINE . . ONE OF TWO THINGS WILL HAPPEN IT WILL EITHER CREATE BACK PRESSURE AND DESTROY YOUR ENGINE CAUSE YOU TO HAVE TO REPLACE IT OR IT WILL FALL OFF YOUR MUFFLER CAUSING YOU TO LOSE MONEY EITHER WAY YOU ARE GON NA BE LOSING MONEY IF YOU PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT
 Save your $ 20 - I am not sure what noise this is trying to imitate but it sounds like a tea kettle .
 The product was said to boost the sound of your car ... it did not happen , this product is not what it says .
 first off , it doesnt sound like turbo , maybe a tea kettle ! I have a stock muffler on my acura tl , and still sounds terrible . it does n't have easy installations . you have to drill a hole in your muffler to make it stay . if u dont whistle will fall off later . dont buy this item , unless the price is $ 5.00 !
 Putting anything in your exhaust pipe so it sounds cool is about as smart as wearing tight jeans that barley fit because someone said they were in style .
 first of all i bought this for my 69 camaro and it was a huge disappointment it was difficult to install and when i started my car it broke in half and shot out of the tailpipe second when they said please no bad feedback - full refund if not satisfied that was a scam as well i emailed them to say i was sending it back i mailed it the next day and never heard from them again ripoff !!!!!!!!!
 Does not sound like a turbo AT ALL . I can not stress enough how bad and fake sounding this is . It does n't even resemble a blow off valve whatsoever . It is simply an annoying high pitched whistle that is constant . Take my advice , do n't buy it !
 A friend bought one of these and wanted me to help him install it for laughs.First off ... my question is why would you want something like this ? It is a valve that takes your 3 '' or smaller exhaust pipe and makes it SMALLER . You are creating backpressure when you do this and you are only causing your engine to have to work harder to push out the exhaust gases , which creates the `` whistle , '' that is supposed to emulate a turbo spooling.After having experience with turbocharged vehicles , it does NOT sound like a turbo spooling . Like a review before me , it sounds like a tea kettle . If you want the turbo sound and not sound like a tea kettle , get a real turbo , you ricer.This thing is made cheaply . It slides inside the muffler in place of a silencer for a canister muffler , yet the tip ca n't be more than 3 inches . If you have a naturally aspirated vehicle , this probably wo n't be worrysome considering 2.5 '' exhaust diameter is about the practical limit . You 'd be better off getting a silencer or re-using the one that came with your canister muffler to change the tone of the exhaust . At least it would n't be creating an obstruction in the exhaust flow . It is also likely to fall out of your muffler if not secured properly , and one screw is n't gon na cut it.Save your money , this thing is a waste of your time if you are looking into it .
 to small for my vehicle , could not even here it , two days later it came of from my vehicle , not very happy ...
 This item is a scam . I followed all the instruction but there was no change in the way the exhaust sounded like . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I put it on my brothers 2001 honda accord without his knowing . He got so mad at me for doing it . but the funny thing is I told him its stuck on there forever . I did this 6 months ago
 this product does n't work if you install it you 're gon na lose some horse power by blocking the exhaust pipe
 Its was the dumbest thing in the world I got it think it was gunna sound sick does n't even work ... waste of MONEY
 I put the whistler on my tail pipe and it sounded cool . I drove about 2 mins down the road and I quit hearing the sound the brackets stayed bolted to my pipe but the whistler was gone .
 This Bosch cabin filter product required difficult cutting and trimming to force a fit into the tray of the vehicle it was stated to be intended for . I would not recommend Bosch cabin filter if you have an expectation that they fit specific cars .
 Not a very good quality filter compared to OEM . The paper filter and frame are quite thin . I had to trim the ends so it would not bunch up -LRB- allowing air to bypass the filter -RRB- in the Acura filter frame . Typical quality control issue . Bosch is not the name it used to be !
 Was expecting this brand name to be quality and value . It was pure junk . Poor fit and poor quality . It installed easily but I doubt it is filtering due to its poor fit . Honda Crosstour .
 never received tires so ca n't review . If i could they would probably be awesome they have a great tread design .
 I bought the vector cooler warmer -LRB- 16 can version , same item -RRB- , and tried it out . The metal element inside got cold , but it could n't chill a small bottle of water after 3 hours - no way it was 40 degrees belwo my room temp of 75 degrees . No wonder this thing is always on clearance . It did a little better on metal cans of soda directly touching the element , but not by much . The manual says for best results the food should be put in cold , or with an icepack , but as soon as it 's shut off theres no insulation to keep the food cold , so the food quickly reaches room temp , according to the manual ! Besides if I have to put in pre-chilled food and icepacks Im beter off using my insulated cooler which works , and is much more space efficient ! Plus , the cooler only ostensibly brings the temp down to up to 40 degrees below ambient temp -LRB- after 3 hours -RRB- . I guess in a car where the temps go up to 130 degrees in the sun it would keep the food at 90 or so . I bought it for fifteen dol . on clearance , but returned it today . It simply was n't worth the price . I would stay clear of this product . The only exeption I can think of is for someone who needs it only for metal cans of soda or beer and can wait several hours for a cool drink , although a cooler would still be more practical and cost effective .
 did not come with the T-nuts to hold in place . originial equpment had a different size T-nut nad would not fit this pad . therefor they are sitting on a shelf .
 These pads looks solid and good quality . But when I tried to install them on my Honda Accord EX-L V4 2006 they did not fit . The size of the pads seems same but the pads just do not fit into pads ' holders on my car . Had to return them . I hate to put one star for good quality product , but this may push other potential buyer to read all the reviews and save their time .
 absurdity to this product size does not come in the size is very large . Now I have to return them to waste time and pay for the delivery they say it is not their fault . to get that is compatible with Honda Civic Si 2008 is my problem and they sell things lie
 Came In as 2 passenger mats & no drivers side . So , where the gas pedal is it just barely fits around it and they ca n't lock in place cuz it dosent have the holes like is should . So , amazon sent new ones & same thing so I just kept them , did n't even have the original box . Paid $ 70 for wrong mats : -LRB-
 I purchased these for my c70 volvo and was disappointed to see the poor value and fit they represent . For 70.00 I expect a very good fit and for 70.00 I expect the photos to be accurate . Theses are front mats only NOT LIKE IN THE PICTURE where front and rear are shown . Give me a break , for 70.00 only two rubber mats ! stay away from these and buy the 4 mat set at Target or PepBoys
 I was in a hurry when I ordered these mats for my FX35 and I didnt read the reviews . Boy do I wish I did , the description is misleading making me think these mats were made for my car . They are not , this is a ridiculously high price for universal mats . They dont fit any better that $ 20 mats from autozone .
 Was asked year , make , model and trim package to ensure proper fit . They said it would , but it never will ! As a matter of fact , I said I have a nissan frontier , but the invoice says I have a volvo . I suspect it wouldnt fit that either . Now I have to spend even more money to send them back ! Dont fall for their ruse !
 I used the `` Make Sure It Fits '' function to make sure I ordered the Weathertech floor mats . I also went to the company website and used their website tools to make sure I was ordering the right floor mats . -LRB- I decided to order directly from Weathertech because they had the complete front and rear mats . -RRB- After waiting for 2 weeks and with much anticipation , the order finally came . I paid $ 15 for shipping in addition to $ 99 for the floor mats.I tried in vain to make the front floor mats fit and gave up after 15 minutes . I really wanted it to fit well because the product was well-built and looked nice . I called Weathertech Customer Service and they said they would refund my $ 99 but that I would have to pay shipping charges ... $ 18 bucks down the hole . So , I spent $ 32 on shipping charges and wasted a bunch of time . For $ 30 more I could have bought some nice OEM carpets!BTW - I also bought the cargo liner from Weathertech to replace my Husky since it was looking worn . The Husky was better built , much less flimsy and cost a lot less ! I will not be buying any more products from Weathertech.All in all , a huge waste of my time and money on the company .
 I 've happily owned other WeatherTech products . Not these . The W3 mats were specified for my Dakota . The fit is at best poor . I will be looking for something that fits better .
 Not happy with the mats that I bought , even thow it was ask what type of car I had the mats do n't fit like I thought they would . After spending $ 69.00 I excepted a better fit .
 Frustrating , that sums up my purchase of this item -LRB- direct from WeatherTech -RRB- . I used their website to read about their product and fitment . Their demo video and selecting of my car 's year/make/model on their website lead me to believe whatever I ordered would FIT my vehicle -LRB- 2006 Mitsu Evo -RRB- . Needless to say , the W3 model mats I received did not fit at all . I have uploaded photos of the `` fitment '' if you will.The only reason I ordered these was because of their alleged `` custom fit design '' . That could n't be further from the truth , so if you buy these do know they will not fit 100 % -LRB- YMMV depending on vehicle -RRB- . Now I 'm dealing with the return process . I was able to get an RMA from them , but no return shipping label . They say it 's `` my responsibility '' to ship em back . I even prodded them further for a shipping credit , but they were staunchly unwilling . Poor , poor customer service in this department -LRB- it 's a company issue , not a problem with the cust serv rep I spoke with -RRB- . I 'm only giving these 2 stars
 The WeatherTech W3 Rubber Mats are a poor fit for 2011 Nissan Frontier . The cut-out for the driver 's side foot rest is short by 4 '' inches , nor does it accommodate for the center console bump-out . The same goes for the passenger side mat . It does not accommodate the center console bump-out and has a mysterious 8 '' x 2 '' cut-out along the upper right corner of the mat . We have nice fitting WeatherTech rubber mats for our Toyota Sienna , but did n't have much luck with the W3 for my Frontier work truck .
 I have a 2010 Toyota FJ Cruiser . I entered my vehicle to make sure I was ordering the correct model of floor mat and even verified it on WeatherTech 's website . I received the correct floor mat model # I ordered -LRB- W3 -RRB- and it does not fit at all ! The FJ 's floor has particularly-shaped indention for a mat to go and the WeatherTech mat was even close to that shape , I mean not even a similar shape at all ! It even overlaps over the left footrest . WeatherTech should be ashamed of themselves for trying to pass this on as a product that will work for my car . If they did n't want to create a mat just for my car then do n't tell me it will work for my car ! Just say , `` sorry we do not have an available mat for your particular car . '' Now I have to return these .
 Slides around and is a poor fit . I would recommend getting a Toyota product before this one . It just does n't fit well .
 I bought a set of these directly from the manufacturer , figuring that at least I would get a semi-custom fit as per their description . Such is not the case . They are well built , a very substantial mat . However , the fit is not quite there . I called to make sure I received the correct ones , and was advised that it 's a ` generic fit ' and I had indeed received the correct mats for my car.As it is , I 'll make do . Weathertech offers a 30 day money back guarantee , but it 's net of shipping charges . Since it cost me $ 15 to get them shipped and probably a similar amount to return them , I 'll just keep them and look on it as tuition for a lesson learned.Next time I 'm in the market for mats I 'll buy locally .
 the description says will fit your 2005 durango , i guess their definition of fit is different than mine . the driver side is too small , and the passenger side is too big.to expensive to ship back so i guess i will live with it :-LRB- .
 Despite verifying my vehicle year , make , model , & trim and getting confirmation that this product fits my vehicle , this product does not fit my vehicle . Not even close . And the worst part of all is that I 've learned that the return shipping cost will be deducted from my refund because its not the seller 's fault ... so who 's fault is it ? These floor mats are not custom fitted to your vehicle . These are the same &#34; buy it and hope it fits &#34; floor mats that you can pick up at any local auto parts store .
 Sill hangs over the side , so it 's visible when you close the door :-LRB- Double stick tape does n't provide a good seal as water gets in between sill and frame . Just plastic .
 This is a beautiful bag in all ways but one . Unfortunately , the one way renders any positive features obsolete . THE MAGNETS SUCK ! The magnets are so weak that the bag barely adheres to the tank . I have been riding with tank bags for twenty years and I 've never experienced anything like this . A hundred bucks for a useless tank bag . What a sham .
 Item out of the box failed ! Took to dealership and they said it was not a genuine Delphi part . Beware , do not buy this part !!!
 This part causes more engine miss fire than the cheap one . I finally reserved to the cheaper one . I regretted returned the same one back to Pepboy .
 I purchased these floor mats for my 2004 Pontiac Aztek knowing Weathertech floor mats are suppose to be custom fit to the vehicle . I was surprised to see that the box said these also fit many other vehicles other than mine . I pulled the floor mats out of the box and immediately noticed that they were were identical but for opposite sides of the vehicle . The driver 's side and passenger side are entirely different in shape and the rounded part of the mat did not fit well around the squared foot rest on the left side . These mats are nothing different than what you could go down to Wal-Mart and pick up for 1/3 of the price . I paid the premiere price so they would fit properly but now am going to end up sending them back . While the quality of the mat is n't in question the misleading photos and statement of `` custom fit '' is what irritates me .
 I ordered floormats that were supposed to fit a 2011 KIA Sedona EX . The web picture looked like it was the right shape . However , the actual product did not match the picture and did not fit my vehicle . I had to return it .
 I purchased these mats for a 2004 Honda Pilot , which the description claims it fits . These mats are no better than the $ 20 generic mats you can pick up at a local auto parts store . They also show in the images that it comes with 4 mats . It does n't come with the rear mats . It only comes with the 2 front generic mats . I returned them to Amazon , which they did without issue . Buy at your own risk !!!
 I thought I was getting the two Front Mats and two rear mats for my car . The pictures for the product showed both so it seemed that I was getting both . Unfortunately , when I opened the box -LRB- after about three to four weeks of waiting -RRB- , I found that it only comes with two front mats . Not only that , the $ 69 dollar price on Amazon is $ 15 dollars more than purchasing the same mats directly from WeatherTec site so I really felt cheated.I am in process of returning them . This is the first time that I felt misled by a product from Amazon but support was very friendly about letting me return it for a full refund .
 Be careful - you will not receive floor mats for the back seat ! Even though the photos show a back seat mat , and even though the written description talks about trimming the rear mat to fit - NO BACK SEAT/REAR MATS WERE INCLUDED WITH MY ORDER !
 These mats are not custom fit , rather they are `` semi-custom '' fit mats . They will sort of , kind of , fit , and are not worth the money when you could purchase mats directly from your dealership that will fit for about the same price.That said , Weathertech mats are very well made . The rubber is high quality and they catch most of the liquid during the winter .
 It has very low finish quality when you look at this parts . It is not worth to replace you broken one because this create more issue and wose than broken one . I have constant whole car shaking and noise when I stop in red signal . It is not made in current technology and process . It is too bad . I have to change back the mount .
 it looks like a well built pump . the photo shows it as polished alum . , which i wanted.if it was polished i would be very satisfied with the pump
 If you want to drag fifteen gallons of oil in a metal pan this is the tool for you . I would not buy another .
 There is a hinge that opens the mouth that is difficult to open for my 6 y/o . I have to leave the mouth open 1/2 '' so he can open himself . The picture shows you can pour liquids into it , I doubt the nylon mesh is woven tight enough to hold liquids . Good trash capacity but the hinged mouth opening is awkward and bulky .
 First off , I bought this in May . The seam on one side has come undone . So now there is a big opening in my trash can that is not the top . Secondly , The trash can collapses way too easily . So trash has a tendency to fall out . I do not recommend .
 No one to blame but myself . It is small and not what I had hoped for or was expecting . I should have just returned it but for the price it just was not worth the effort .
 We were very unhappy with this product . It is flimsy and keeps collapsing into itself . I purchased it for my husbands new car as he has a very long commute daily . He finds it frustrating because it wo n't stay open or keep its shape .
 Product failed in less than two months . Poor design with multiple seams , which are heat sealed . A bottom seam failed in less than two months . Find a better brand , do n't waste your money on this . I have other brand trash bags which have lasted over 10 years without failure .
 I bought this a few short months ago and am very disappointed ! The stitching has come undone exposing the metal bars of the frame - time to throw it out !!!
 Pros : - Waterproof - Look like the product in the pictureCons : - Feels very cheap - Looks crappy - Lid thingy does n't close properly , so do n't except to put anything smelly in there - Cheap hinge for lid
 this is a well-made , solid trash container . The problem is , the photo on the front of the package has been photoshopped to indicated it is a lot larger than it really is . It 's deceptive . We did n't really have a need for such a small receptacle so we had to send it back . Look at the actual dimensions listed , NOT the picture , to determine if this is the right size for you .
 It is a great idea . Unfortunately , I had to throw it out after only having it 3 months because it ripped at the seam . The material looked nice and sturdy but the seams are just a thin vinyl and obviously tears easily there .
 I searched hard to find this product and it looked perfect . The closing lid to hide the garbage was a big plus , but also it 's weakness . The metal frame fell apart , poked through the fabric , and the tear has now continued down the side making it unusable . Not well constructed , and was way overpriced when I bought it . My 10 year old daughter could have sewed me a stronger bag . Only lasted about 3 months .
 I bought this trash can for my kids to put their trash in . It lasted about 3 months before the metal became all bent and poking out of the canvas . I 've since replaced it with withHighland 1932600 Car Trash Keeper , so far so good .
 These are not sensa-tracs . They are OESpectrum , which are several steps lower in the Monroe hierarchy . I 'd return them , but by the time I figured it out , they were on my car.Very disappointed .
 These -LRB- Strong Arm 4365 -RRB- will physically fit on the 2003 Jeep Liberty tailgate glass , but I removed them and reinstalled the worn-out originals . First
 `` Strongarm '' is the right name for these , as you 'll need one to close the glass with two of them installed . They do also really snap the glass up fast , which is nice but also a little too powerful . Like the other reviewer , I think they put too much pressure on the hinges . Also , in the last inch or so of their extension travel , they make a grinding sound just before they reach the fully extended position . Overall quality is questionable , but it might be a you get-what-you-pay-for thing . .
 These did not properly fit my 2003 Jeep Liberty , despite the description indicating that they are compatible . The struts are about an inch too long , pushing the glass much higher up than it should be . Even using both hands and all of my weight , I could not get the glass to close completely . Be warned - you may want to check your local auto parts store instead .
 I had to return these -LRB- pair -RRB- since they did not properly fit the vehicle . The item description listed my make and model vehicle for these lifts but I nearly broke the glass trying to close the rear hatch . These were about an inch too long and VERY hard to compress . A complete waste of time and money .
 I see in other reviews that these worked on some other people 's Libertys . My back window would not close at all because of the lifters bottoming out before the window can latch . The extra length and too much power is way too much . Like another poster said , `` they put too much strain on the hinges '' . The extra length and power beyond the originals will cause a problem with the hinges and/or glass mount hardware in the future . This model number is not a good choice for my Liberty .
 I owned this jumpstarter for about a year now . It has been in the box unused since I purchased it . I went to re-charge it in the event I would need it and discovered that the black squeeze handle that connects to the battery had cracked into two pieces , where the spring connects to the handle and it is totally useless now . I 've contacted the manufacturer and they ignore my emails . I would stay away from this product and this brand . If you google them you will see that they sell these to retailers for so cheap then they turn around and re-sell them to us , the consumer for 4 to 5 times what they buy them for . They are of poor quality and will not last . Research and find a better brand but stay away from this poorly made Canadian product with POOR customer service support .
 All I can say is that I fell into the mpg scheme . I own a 2006 Dodge 2500 diesel and it actually hurt my fuel mileage 1 mpg . My cousin has a 2006 Powerstroke and he put on a K&N and he also lost 1 mpg . The only thing the AFE did for my pickup was make the cab noise almost unbearable . Buyer beware !!
 Very lousy quality , made of very cheap material , sounds horrible and it broke down about 8 days latter , seriously avoid at all cost .
 I did n't expect much since the product was so cheap . The buzzing is far to much to listen past . We used it for 30 minutes .
 This product is operational , but the sound quality is dismal , especially the low frequencies , the transmitter itself is very week and could not even overpower the noise that always exists on an empty band . It also confuses the iPod and freezes it . The only way to unfreeze it is to disconnect iPod from the transmitter .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 This product does NOT fit a Jeep Grand Cherokee as promised in the add . There is NO grommet to fit the J hook on my jeep and it is way to big . A real bust and had to return ! By the way the photos with the product actually show the product with a grommet for cars that have the J hook .
 Item is overpriced it can be bought for 15.00 at Rock Auto . It is just a simple nut .
 This product does NOT fit a Jeep Grand Cherokee as promised in the add . There is NO grommet to fit the J hook on my jeep and it is way to big . A real bust and had to return ! By the way the photos with the product actually show the product with a grommet for cars that have the J hook .
 I bought this a while ago for my 1992 , 4 door automatic Geo Metro , I rebuilt the engine top to bottom and as I got ready put my newly built engine in , I first had to replace my rear engine mount . Just when I though I was done , I found that the pucks on the sides of the mount were missing ! So I took 1 puck from my front engine mount , so now I have one puck on my front and one on my rear . Even though I was missing the pucks ... I did not see a difference in my engine movement : -RRB-
 I ordered these floor mats and waited 3 weeks for them only to dicover upon arrival that the two eyelets that were supposed to be inserted in the drivers mat were no present . Had the eyelets been present I would have given this item 5 stars as the mats are very well constucted . Now I have to return the mats and wait another 3 weeks for them to be delivered . That 's bogus !!!!
 Its a great idea but its just too small . I wasted my money on this but oh well ; live and learn .
 This silly little thing is n't big enough to organize what 'd go in my baby belly bag on a bike ride , much less what I 'd need in a day trip . It wo n't hold ANY map I could buy from a filling station or a travel organizer . The flat parf of my Garmin would fall out of it as it went over the first bump on the road . Oh , it 'll stay hung where you put it . However , it wo n't hold even half of what a SMALL compact car 's glove compartment would hold . Oh well.I gave it to my next door neighbor 's girl for her barbie 's in-car stuff on their next weekend trip .
 This is a sick bumper sticker . There are actual cases of people microwaving animals and it 's really sick , evil and sad . Do not buy this bumper sticker to encourage evil people to do such acts to animals . We should treat animals with love and take care of them and be kind to them .
 As a cat lover , I find this bumper sticker offensive . Moreover , all it takes is one really sick individual on the road to think that this actually would be a fun thing to do , just to see what happens , causing some poor , defenseless cat untold suffering , leading to its death.Some people do not need to have any more bad ideas put into their heads . There are some really evil people out there who are always looking for something diabolical to do . Do not give them any more bad ideas . Avoid this bumper sticker , as you would the plague .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I run aFe filters on all my vehicles . I love them . Usually better perfomance & milage . That 's why I purchased it for this truck.This setup on my F250 destroyed my gas milage from about 15.5 to 12.6 MPG . I lost all power when towing . My wife thought something was broken it was so bad.I called aFe to try and get some advice , but no help.Sorry for the bad review , but that 's what happened to me .
 The seat fit the bike fine . Looked great . However it was a pain in my back side . The back rest created by the passenger seat dug into my kidneys . The seat dug into my butt . I felt two support bars that just tore me up . I am a big guy at 6 ' 2 '' and 290lbs . The seat moved my riding position about an inch forward . With the passenger seat on , I could n't sit fully in the solo seat without leaning forward . I tried all adjustments I could . I purchased all stock bracketing to mount it , pulled my bags off , no improvement . My wife loved the passenger seat , she could ride for hours with no problems . I could not . After about 30 minutes , it was almost unbearable . I put 300 + miles on the seat and then rode it to work a week later . 17 minute ride caused back problems all day . I sent the seat back and will look to an ultimate seat or some other brand later .
 I was very disappointed with this item . Within a month and a half the decal started peeling . When the weather got cold the backing became stiff and brittle . Very poor quality .
 The seat fit the bike fine . Looked great . However it was a pain in my back side . The back rest created by the passenger seat dug into my kidneys . The seat dug into my butt . I felt two support bars that just tore me up . I am a big guy at 6 ' 2 '' and 290lbs . The seat moved my riding position about an inch forward . With the passenger seat on , I could n't sit fully in the solo seat without leaning forward . I tried all adjustments I could . I purchased all stock bracketing to mount it , pulled my bags off , no improvement . My wife loved the passenger seat , she could ride for hours with no problems . I could not . After about 30 minutes , it was almost unbearable . I put 300 + miles on the seat and then rode it to work a week later . 17 minute ride caused back problems all day . I sent the seat back and will look to an ultimate seat or some other brand later .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Lights are okay . Sleek , attractive . BUT , plastic covers are cheap looking and barely protect the lens . All of my lenses on both vehicles have cracked from road debris and the replacement glass on these is NOT easy to find .
 Today I removed my Autolite xp605 Iridiums trying to eliminate a misfire -LRB- at partial throttle -RRB- I 've had for almost a month ... and that 's after $ 300 + on other ignition related parts and sensors trying to find the problem . I changed my plugs even though I had under 20k miles on them . I did not suspect them to be bad but I was just trying to narrow the possibilities down . Having never checked resistance on a spark plug before , I decided to try it . I found where these plugs have a reliable range of 2k to 20k ohms . Four of my six plugs ranged from 4k to 6.1 k ohms , one at almost 16k , the other at 246k ! I then test drove my truck ... smooth as could be . I spent about $ 7-8 a plug right after they came out . I 'm very disappointed . Stock AC Delcos are back in .
 I put this one in and found that the coil packs wont stick to this properly . The coil packs will jump because the hex nut it not the proper size and felt reduced power . Stay away from it or you have to push the coil packs in every 2-3 weeks to avoid the blinking CEL .
 These mounts are third world junk . One star is the lowest I could go on the rating.I did n't think anything could be worse than the usual Chinese knockoff parts , but those are jewelry by comparison to these.These are ill fitting , crudely made , inaccurately sized India-sourced trash.They are more than 1/8 inch off in some critical areas . Do n't plan on these fitting your car without a great deal of grinding , filing , hammering , and swearing.AVOID !
 In a pinch , this product is useful , but I 'm lucky I bought two packages . I suggest someone using it cuts a smooth faced vinyl floor tile to the exact shape required and using Gorilla Gule or similar product , first glue an exact fit of this mylar mirror to the tile , then glue the tile to the mirror on your car . The main problem with this product , is that the slightest bend or warp in it , makes for a `` Fun House '' rear view mirror , with grossly distorted reflections ... It is not quite as bright as a glass mirror , so this distortion can make for a truly bazzar effect . I 've found it is virtually impossible to install it as described in the instructions , without the product at least showing some moderate warping and in most cases it is bad enough to make the product unuseable , as a funtioning rear view mirror . useing the vinyl tile , or a peice of thin plywood , if your really feeling ambicious , as a backerboard , and you have a servicable , if not perfect , substitute , for your broken mirror ... Good product , when replacement glass is not available , or cost is a consideration ... This is basically the stuff they sold in the 70s , in hugh sheets , to mirror the ceiling above your `` Groovy Water Bed '' ... : - -RRB-
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 installed these on the front of my s10 a couple days ago and I have to say I 'm pretty disappointed with the quality and handling . This was supposed to be the last suspension replacement I had but it looks like I 'm gon na have to change these out . I do not recommend these .
 I ca n't get these brake pads to stop squeaking , I 've changed the shims twice and even tried the silicone adhesive and they still squeak .
 The setup is not difficult . Yes you can use jumper-style cables . Unfortunately , it just fails to run anything ; i.e. power saw , shop vac , or even 300 watt control circuit . And the bag of included fuses with no mention of fuses in the manual or visable fuse box on the inverter is a bit disconcerting . To top it all off , Coleman has made their warranty service singularly difficult to reach .
 I expected to be able to just use battery jumper cables and hook this inverter up to the battery in my car . instead , it appears I `` m supposed to now loosen the car 's own cables , slide the ends of the inverter cables onto them , and then tighten the nuts to secure . I can only guess , as the users manual says absolutely nothing about how to do this . If this is the case , i say this is an inexplicable and most unwelcome hassle . And coleman 's web site offers no information whatsover , and their customer service is open from a convenient -LRB- for them -RRB- nine to five . bah humbug . PS . there 's no mention of fuses in the handbook , but there 's a bag of them in the box . Great ! ~
 First light I received would not strobe consistently and RPM read out was never stable -LRB- plus or minus 300 RPM -RRB- . I returned the light and Amazon was right on it sending me a new one . Unfortunately it arrived with no screws holding the faceplate so it was n't attached to the light and the pick-up line had an electrical tape repair . I returned that one as well and expressed my displeasure back to Amazon . They took the high road and sent me a third light which arrived in one piece and worked like a charm . Was reading solid RPM and showing advanced timing with consistent strobing even at higher RPMs . I would rate the light much higher if I thought the quality assurance was better . If you get a good one - it 's great . If you do n't then I hope you bought it through Amazon because they will stand behind it and get it right .6 months later
 THANKS TO UPS AND THEIR SCREWED UP DELIVERY POLICIES , I NEVER RECEIVED THE ITEM I PURCHASED . I AM UNABLE AT THIS TIME TO REVIEW THE ITEM , BECAUSE I DO N'T HAVE IT !!!! MAYBE AMAZON SHOULD CHOOSE SOMEONE ELSE FOR THEIR DELIVERY COMPANY , LIKE FEDEX , OR THE USPS . ALL I KNOW IS I 'M OUT $ 43.00 AND NO PRODUCT ! THANK YOU
 I can not recommend Coleman inverters . I used this inverter twice and it no longer works . The light goes on , it will power a small wattage light , but nothing more . The fan does not work . Also the cables are cheap and the point of attachment is flawed and they can work their way loose . Not a good product .
 i had 2 of these , both fried under almost no load . sent one back , replacementcame & did the same thing . these are cheap garbage , stay away .
 Fourth time I have given this product a negative review . The previous 3 reviews were all deleted by Amazon . I 'll try this last time.On my recent attempt to use the product I touched my vehicle and got a severe electric shock , in spite of the inverter being properly grounded . Next I grounded the vehicle also , but that caused fuses to blow . After struggling an hour , I was able to replace the fuses . On my third attempt , smoke belched out of the unit and it was no more.Whether or not this is typical behavior for the PMP1200 , I ca n't tell . Use at your own risk .
 I am a fleet mechanic for a local city and thought this would help lube plugged zerks . Nope I 've tired it on garbage trucks , wheel loaders and more equipment we have and it did NOT work on any of them . Save your money it does n't work .
 When you buy older equipment that is not well maintained , it is inevitable that you will find old clogged greased joints . I bought this tool thinking it would solve that problem , by injecting a light solvent under pressure to dissolve the old grease that could then be forced out with new . I tried this on a backhoe but it has yet to work . In each case -LRB- about a half-dozen grease fittings -RRB- the grease was so hardened that you simply could n't force the solvent in . I had to remove the grease fitting , force the solvent through it , and then drip solvent in the threaded hole . So what 's the point of buying this tool ? It is very well made , however .
 My unit was DOA with a dead short - blew my auto 's fuse just when plugging into auto 's powerpoint . A non-starter . : -LRB-
 A lot of the necessary information is left out pertaining to the vehicles that is suppose to have the instructions inside and it is made of the cheapest paper made known to mankind . Wont order another one of these ever again .
 THIS HOSE IS TO SHORT FOR MOST APPLICATIONS . THE CONNECTOR IS ALSO MORE DIFFICULT TO INSTALL THEN A STRAIGHT CONNECTOR . THE HOSE SHOULD BE 12 '' LONG .
 Horrible generator !!! Will never start ... not of any use if does n't work ... do not buy !!! Have it for use on houseboat ... Nice when it 's 115 outside and generator wo n't start !! Will never purchase Sportman 's again ... only 90 day warranty also , of course it works for 90 days but plan on buying another one within a year !
 This Made in China Generator has a faulty carb that allows for the entire contents of the fuel tank to empty when running , or not running.This is a major fire hazard , and you should avoid all Sportsman generators because of this . A report has been filed with the Government Safe Products dept.
 I ordered this generator before hurricane Sandy arrived . It was not going to arrive in time so the next day i attempted to cancel the order . I was emailed by Amazon stating this could not be canceled . However , I was welcome to refuse the order which I did . Fed ex has confirmed this item was returned back to the shipper and signed for on November 5th . There has been zero contact or refund to my credit card . I have tried every way possible to try and contact someone at amazon but have gotten no reply and now the item shows as a non returnable item . Now I have no generator and am out over $ 350 bucks !!!! What a rip off . I plan to dispute this with the credit card company .
 The generator arrived at my home with a broken On-Off switch . I called the help line and they sent a replacement switch which I replaced with some difficulty.Th generator works fine now .
 I ordered this generator on sale at Amazon . It came with free shipping . Well you get what you pay for . When I received it the bottom of the box was open and some of the paperwork was missing as well as the entire frame of the machine being bent out of shape . When I called buffalo tools about it the technician suggested beating it back into shape with a hammer . He was serious . Apparently this is a common problem because he told me where it was bent ! When I indicated this might cause further damage I was told to take it to a local repair shop . Well I ordered it around thanksgiving and we are getting close to Christmas and its still in the shop . It has never even been started . This machine needs better packaging for starters . I will write another review when it actually is used .
 Even though I was not familiar with the brand I ordered it because the price , when it arrived the first thing I noticed was a loose bolt and missing nut on one of the rubber shock absorbers , the second was a broken spark plug cap . After receiving the replacement parts and installing them , and putting gas in it , it leaked at the bottom of the tank , not as a drip but as a stream . Contacted Buffalo Tools , a few days later , they told me that they had not been able to secure a service center in my area willing to deal with this Chinese engine . Needless is to say that I returned it . The quality and service is not there . At Buffalo Tools they appear to be helpful and knowledgeable , but the product is inferior . I would think that a basic inspection would have caught these problems . I bought a different one from a reliable brand and no problems .
 LIKE MOST PEOPLE , I GOT THIS FOR EMERGENCY . -- WHEN I GOT IT , - I RAN IT FOR AN HOUR WITH A BIG AIR CONDITIONER , AND IT RAN GREAT , - ABOUT 6-8 MONTHS LATER CAME HURICANE IRENE , I RAN IT FOR ABOUT 20 HOURS . THE BOLTS INSIDE THE GENERATOR HEAD FELL OUT - -LRB- THEY WERE NOT TITE AND W/O THREAD LOCK -RRB- -- THE ENGINE CONTINUED TO RUN AND THE BOLT CAUGHT IN THE ARMATURE AND SHORTED IT , AND BROKE THE WINDINGS INSIDE.THE GENERATOR ITSELF IS SHOT ! ! THE WHOLE THING IS OF NO USE NOW , AND -- I CAN NOT EVEN USE THE GAS ENGINE , BECAUSE THE CRANK SHAFT IS ONE WITH THE GENERATOR HEAD AND CAN NOT BE DISCONNECTED . I AM BUYING A DIFFERENT GENERATOR TO REPLACE THIS AS SOON AS I CAN CAVE THE MONEY OR IT.IT 'S SAD BECAUSE THE GAS ENGINE RUNS AND STARTS GREAT !
 Brand new generator out of the box no apparent damage . I filled it with oil and gas , connected the ground terminal with 12awg ground wire to a building ground . Started the unit and my ground detecting surge protection equipment went into alarm and my APC UPS would not charge . Greenlee GT-10 circuit tester indicated open ground . Installed ground rod into earth and connected to unit . Open ground still indicated , but APC UPS proceeded to charge and there were no ground failure alarms.Called Buffalo Tools customer service -LRB-866-RRB-460-9436 as directed in manual and was informed ` you ca n't use a circuit tester on these generators they have an open ground , that 's how the low oil shut off works . The unit is fine . ' I should have known better right then and there , but I proceeded to use the generator . After two days -LRB- approximately 10 hours of low load operation -RRB- my 26watt fluorescent drop lamp exploded behind my head . I immediately unplugged the lamp and went to the generator and tested the output at each of the outlets . They were both indicating 200 volts so I shut the unit down . I later discovered that three surge protectors with no connected load powered-up smoked and shorted out.There is no power gauge on the unit and the circuit protectors are a tragic accident waiting to happen . For the few seconds this power surged it was surprising how much smoke filled the house.I am experienced around this type of equipment and only heavy duty extension cords were used . Restarting the unit briefly I still measured 200 volts with my multimeter.IN MY OPINION THIS UNIT IS UNSAFE AND I WOULD NOT OPERATE IT LET ALONE RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE !
 Received as a gift and did n't get around to needing it for a couple of weeks . It started right up after putting oil and gas in ; but almost nothing came out . It will not generate more than a few volts - like 5vac and 0.4 vdc . The manual sure does n't address this problem . Do n't know where to return or have it fixed at no charge .
 I did n't expect it to have clean enough power for a computer or TV , so I hooked it up -LRB- separately -RRB- to two enterprise-grade online UPS units - an APC SmartUPS SUA2200XL and a Liebert GXT2 - in order to clean up the power . Neither of them detected the power correctly - both would turn on and off . So I gave up on that and just decided to use it for my refrigerator/freezer which is an LG that is just a few years old . It did work with that , but boy did the refrigerator sound ` off ' running on this generator . If you want power that 's anywhere near clean , look elsewhere . Also , this is the loudest generator I 've heard to date . Note that this seller is not who I ordered it from , but it 's the same piece of crap item .
 I received the generator a few days after ordering . It started but did not produce electricity . The Buffalo tools rep refered me to a local hardware store that can repair it . I dropped it off 4 weeks ago today to be repaired and am waiting for the repair . Next time I will avoid products like Buffalo tools and use trusted brand names .
 I questioned the company when I bought it I told them I didnt like the Idea the way they fastened to the vehicle its suppose to adhease to the rubber part around the window I didnt think it would work but they assured me it would . Well it lasted 1 week and they were falling off and I also done what the mfg. told me to do during installation cleaning extra good with alchol it failed so I then removed them again I cleaned it with alchol then I put a bead of silicone inplace of the 2 sided sticky tape and its been just fine for the past 3 months even through car wash blowers . Your wasting your time to do what the recommended proceedure is they wont stay fastened unless you silicone them on !
 When I placed the order , I used the tool on the website to make sure that it fits my 92 NISSAN Sentra XE coupe . Sadly , when I took a pain to take the internal door panel and the original mirror off , I found that new one 's cylindrical column designed for help to find the right fitting position was offset by almost 5mm away from the original design . I have to clip off that plastic thing to install it . However , when I hook up the cables , the motor did n't work at all , while my original mirror 's motor still works except the glass on it was chipped . I think there might be some voltage mismatch for the original design , but I do n't have tools to find it out . It is totally waste of my money .
 NOT WHATS PICTURED SHOULD STATE THE COME BLACK NEED COATING OR PAINT TO WORK AND LOOK GOOD FOR A LONG TIME .
 The set that was sent to me was for a four door S-10 not an extended cab S-10 as I ordered and is shown in the picture of the item .
 I ordered a set of vent visors for my 99 f150 and loved them . They fit into the window channel , which gives them a sleek , finished look . The set that I ordered for my Excursion are attached to the vehicles paint with double sided tape . I think they look hokey , like a cheap aftermarket product . If I ever order another set , I will find a set that fits in the window channel .
 The reflecting layer of the mirror started to erode -LRB- decay -RRB- in a couple of weeks after installation . Now the damaged area covers almost one third of the mirror .
 This wiper blade does not fit the rear window of a 2005 Honda Odyssey despite the parts selector / confirmation from the Amazon search tool .
 What you are seeing in the picture is a stock photo of some kind as my shipment contained four cap head screws and two stainless steel clips . None of these parts fit the application . I have no idea why , as the packaging was factory-sealed . As with all Amazon purchases , the return shipping charges will kill any savings you may have hoped to garner.The best advice
 Item does not fit correctly . . must go over a crome molding and it does no do so ... thus not able to glue it down .
 Ordered vent shade for a 2006 Lincoln Zephyr , and the one sent was for a Toyota Camry . Amazon was right on it and picked up incorrect item , and sent me another of the same thing . Ordered same brand elsewhere , and fit great !
 The mirror for the passenger side wasnt right . the mirror dosnt have the same curve as the stock one does so it doesnt pan out like a curve mirror justs shows straight behind . if anything it looks good on the truck but it does not serve its purpose ...
 This is an Accord bracket . I made the big mistake of ordering . Obvious when it arrived that it was wrong part . When I called customer service , was transferred 10 + times to find they do not even carry one that will fit . Was told I have to pay shipping both ways and a 20 % restocking fee.Do NOT order this part and I would recommend staying away from the company too .
 I tried so many times to leave a message so that I can return this but there was no reply . . This braket does not fit my honda crv . . Wot a waste of money . . I still have this . . All I wanted was tO hand number plate . . This did not even come with screw and looks weird ...
 This bracket does not fit a 2000 Honda CR-V as it is advertised ... Do not buy it , I do n't know what it fits but its not as advertised
 Two issues with these visors . First they arrived cracked . The external packaging was good , so wonder if they were shipped out already cracked.Second , the way these would install is directly onto the paint of the vehicle . Most visors go into the window well , which is what I was expecting . I would n't want to take the chance they would catch in a car wash and pry off the paint.I will continue to research better alternatives . These were the least expensive and the price comparable to my other vehicle visors , but do not install the same .
 One of the visors came broke , the packaging was good it looks to be an issue with the manufacture . This product is a one , only because the previous statement had the same exact issue . I will keep you posted , to see if the new set is cheap too.Other than that the product fit good , just came damaged .
 The passenger side version of this mirror is not convex , like the OE mirror . The driver 's side is the same as the OE mirror , but it does not seem as sturdy as OE . I do n't expect that these mirrors would last 25 years like my originals have.My guess is they did this so it can be used on left and right-hand drive vehicles .
 I 've not made purchases at Amazon that I can recall right off , but this one was unsettling at best.My purchase was never acknowledged ; I had to log in to find out that `` it will ship soon '' leaving me feel that whomever would do so when `` they '' were in the mood.It did eventually arrive . As for the product , well , it 's a water pump . My purchase was as a back up since my current unit is beginning to loose it 's back-check valve . I 've not installed it to-date , simply waiting until that anticipated day that mine no longer pumps water . Sure-flo pumps have always worked and I have no anticipation this one will be a problem.Karl here ...
 pump is noisy , vibrates , also have problems with switch not coming on , but I guess for the price what more can you expect
 I got 2 of these and within a year both locked up . Other customers seem to like theirs . Went to a FLOJET 03526-144 and it 's been running strong for over 4 years now . Never buy another one made by Shurflo again .
 This description is wrong ! This is not the 12V model ! check the Shurflo web-site and you will see . This is the 13.7 VDC model , whatever that is . I ordered it installed it and it did n't work on my 12V system . Then I read the box ... duhh . If you want the 12V you need the 2088-453-444 . Or you can waste your time waiting for it , installing it , then end up returning it like me . Good luck .
 First let me say that if the unit you order is actually the unit you receive , this product may very well be okay.I selected the make , model , and year of my car when ordering . The item that arrived was a window vent but did not come close to fitting.I called customer service and the rep I talked to was the worst . His accent was very hard to understand , asked me to speak up , took at least 20 seconds to answer a simple question , and in the end , asked me to EMAIL my problem to their company and did not even help over the phone ! Why have me spend all this time on a phone call when you then ask me to email my question for somebody else to deal with and respond within 24-48 hours . AWFUL !
 It only worked well for a couple weeks . Then , one day during a normal trip to work , it got really hot and started smoking while a GPS and cell phone charger were plugged in at the same time . I do n't know if it was because the car could n't handle it a glitch in the splitter itself , but it was quickly taken out and never used again .
 I bought this product wo that I could have both my iPhone and my gps navigator pigged in simultaneously . Unfortunately , the electrical connection is unreliable . When you plug it in the red light comes on indicating that there is power to the device . But if I plug ny two devices into it , within a few miles of driving I will notice that the Ted light has gone out . If I wiggle it around , the lit will come back on but it will not stay that way for more than a few seconds . You get what you pay for , I am afraid , when it comes to electronics .
 It is Not the quality of original . It vibrates when moving . I would get original in wrecking yard next time .
 I am in the military and stationed in San Diego , Three weeks ago I installed these plugs for my 2006 Honda Civic Hybrid as they were listed as the OEM spec plug at the local base autoport . Ran fine for about two weeks then I started noticing acceleration was getting slugish . I didnt think much of it except maybe I got some bad gas . Then a week later as I was 3 hours into a nearly 6 hour drive heading up the steep southern california grapevine hills heading north on Interstate 5 around 10pm at night the engine light came on and the Honda safe mode kicked in limiting me to 2000 RPM 's . Pulled over and shut the engine off and looked under the hood . Didnt notice anything obvious . Started back up and a white plume of smoke came out of the tail pipe and the engine was shuttering . I slowly drove the car the rest of the trip and went to the nearest dealer the next day.They pulled the plugs out and found two of the 8 -LRB- yes it takes 8 plugs in a civic hybrid -RRB- plugs were melted from pre-ignition in cylinder 1 , and the plugs in cylinder 2 and 4 were fouled . The two plugs in cylinder 3 were fine and that was the cylinder that got me home . I drove 150 miles on one cylinder ! I had the Honda dealer put the preferred brand plugs in and now the car continuously smokes and shutters . turns out the plugs that melted damaged the valves in cylinder 1 . So now I have to get the car towed home 300 + miles back to San Diego and then find a mechanic to either fix the valves or replace the head depending on how bad the damage is . And pray the block did n't get damaged . Luckily the autoport on base was nice enough to refund the $ 60 I paid for the plugs . But who should pay for the $ 1000 or more engine damage caused by the plug ? I guess I will have to because I do n't have another car . My car is not a turbo or supercharged sports car this was a 1.3 liter Honda hybrid family car I use to commute with daily . If these plugs cant handle that then why would I put them in anything else Autolite ?
 install these plugs in my 2005 Tundra . Ran great for 3K miles , then , engine light came on P0306 . . missing number 6 cylinder . . pull the plug out , bad plug . . junked all 6 . . put back the OE denso plugs , no problem , runs fine . . never had any issue with Autolite until now ... will I ever buy Autolite spark plugs again , remain to be seen . .
 Ordered 6 spark plugs . Amazon turned it into 3 shipments of 2 each . Received three shipments and 8 plugs plugs when filling the order . As most competent car folks know come in boxes of 4 . In one of the packages was a four-pack . Unfortunately it was a four pack of four USED Denso plugs , not new Autolite plugs . Obviously some low life returned used plugs and Amazon did n't bother to check them before restocking them.If that was frustrating enough , dealing with the trying to return them has been difficult at best . Sent back the four used plugs in the single box . The clerk at the return center only credited me for one plug and not four -LRB- most likely the same one who restocks used plugs -RRB- . Overall the experience has been frustrating . I shop and spent hundred on Amazon each year and am usually very satisfied . Thought I 'd save some time and order plugs on line . Wrong . Waste of time and money . Do n't buy car part from Amazon . Support your local Pep Boys , AutoZone , O'Reilly 's or Mom and Pop Auto Supply shop . You 'll help the local economy and deal with people who the difference between new and used and the difference between one spark plug and a box of four .
 This product looked nice but as soon as we tried to put it on our steering wheel it split at the seam . Our steering wheel is not oversized . We ended up going out and buying a different one.Don ' t waste your money .
 I put this on as soon as I got it and it almost completely broke . The seam on it broke and the the material started tearing . I was so excited about getting this and now that I have it I already need a new one because it is broken .
 I bought this steering wheel cover about a year ago . it looked amazing before I put it on the wheel . It was exactly what I wanted but ... getting it on the steering wheel was extremely difficult and I was never able to get it on completely straight . Also , the white edging around the stars started peeling off almost immediatel . Now the seams are coming apart and the little bit of stuffing in it is coming out .
 If you are looking for a lightweight thin plastic/rubber molded liner , then this is your product . If you are looking for heavy duty all rubber liner that will hold itself in place and not bubble up in the middle and slip around , look elsewhere . This liner is light weight and of what appears to be a mostly plastic with a little rubber mixed in . The price for this is in line with an all rubber heavy mat , not a piece of thin plastic . When I installed this , it will not sit tight against the molding under it . It is rigid plastic , so it wont lay and hold flat . Not impressed for what you pay for this . If it was only about $ 35 to $ 40 I would have given it 4 stars because this is what you would expect to get at the price point .
 poor manufacturing , bad listing , had to send it back , also their measurements are bad , it was skinner thespecified , no 646 ! I should have gotten EBC !
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 This product was recommended to me by more than one source and is supposed to be specifically designed for exactly the application I 'm using for - to remove wood-grain applique from a late 1970 's station wagon . I had used a couple of cans of `` aircraft stripper '' from the local chain auto parts store prior to using this and quite frankly , it worked much better . When you spray this product it creates a white film over the area you want to remove and anything else nearby but very little of the woodgrain actually came up despite repeated attempts . This product comes in a large can but I used an entire can of it with very little results . I am extremely disappointed in this product and would not recommend it to anyone .
 It looks great and feels great , with simulated leather between areas of rubber where the glittery dragons are . However , when I first put this on my wheel , the simulated leather portion was torn and ripped . This could be because I left this portion to be the last to slip on , so it had to undergo the most stress . Be careful when you install , I recommend leaving the rubbber , dragon area to be slipped on last as it may be better suited to handle the tight fit .
 The steering wheel cover actually has a warning on the back that says `` WARNING
 At just about any car parts store you can find sets of steering wheel covers of much higher quality for the exact same price . So unless you have your heart set on dragons I would n't recommend this cover . The raised dragon which is the only reason to get this is n't even that great looking once you have it in person .
 I bought this wheel cover for my husband to replace an identical one that was old and fraying . It ripped when he was trying to stretch it onto the steering wheel .
 This is a very poor quality steering wheel cover . It smells rubber so I threw it away . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 It looks nice , came quickly , and feels nice.I have a 2000 Toyota Carolla and it was very , very difficult to put on . My father came to help me and commented that it is the tightest steering wheel cover he has ever put on . As he tried , it ripped on one side . With the rip , it fits . So it works , but I now have a rip in it .
 Well I ordered a blue xenon but what i got was not even close . Yes its bright , true to 80 watts but its whitish-yellow in color . The packaging box itself was so cheap and odd . Yes , when you look at it , its blue colored glass headlight bulb but it doesnt give a light close to blue !!
 One of the worst buying experiences in my life . I just burned out my 4th set of bulbs , after buying the original set 7 months ago . I 've paid for shipping to and from Plasmaglow each time , filled out the paperwork , and wasted hours and hours mailing them back to Plasmaglow . These bulbs lasted between 3 - 7.5 weeks , not months , not years . 40 years worth of warranty , but I can barely get 40 days worth of life out of them . I am an aircraft mechanic for 24 years , I am installing them correctly , but the filaments keep burning out in the exact same spot . They are deamed faulty by the company , and after I pay shipping both ways , a fill out the paperwork then they 'll send me a new set . They refuse to help me , now that I refuse to keep paying their postage ! They wo n't answer my voicemails , emails , etc. . . This company in horrible , do not deal with them !!
 I bought this thinking the light would be blue but it was n't . The light was as white as any other light . I ended up sending it back . Amazon refunded my money and paid for the shipping both ways so I was n't out anything .
 What a waste of money , I 'm very disappointed . These bulbs have no blue tint at all . They Look like my stock bulbs . They SUCK !!
 These are the worst bulbs I 've bought . They claimed to be blue but there was no blue in them . They are just a little brighter than the original factory installed bulbs but showed nothing else different . I wasted my money on these and not getting what I wanted . Shame .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Chrome is nice and it is packaged well , but it does n't fit very well . There is a lip all the way around the outer edge that keeps it from sitting on door handle properly -LRB- I am installing on a 1999 F150XL -RRB- . They actually sent me two sets for the one set price , which is helpful because I mounted the first set to see how it would look being mis-aligned due to lip on back and I 'm not real happy with that , so I will probably use the bench grinder to try and put an angle on the lip of the second set so I can rip the first set off and try the modified set .
 The product i received was not exacly as pictured . yea , it will work &#34; I think &#34; but it should be slanted as pictued , to allow antenna to stand streight up . This one is going to stick out to the left .
 When I first turned this on after finding it on clearance at a local shop , I thought I 'd scored a great deal . But now , just a few months later , only a few segments of the LCD display show up so it is hard to guess what the reading is.When that happens to other devices -LRB- usually after YEARS , not months -RRB- I generally just clean and reseat the LCD connection and it 'll go years more without needing attention again . But the LCD connection in this gadget is a sort of one-use conductive adhesive tape . Maybe that can be reliable if they prepare the contact surfaces just right before sticking it down , but I 'm guessing they do n't . If you can find it at a price you do n't mind shelling out again every heating season , it could still be ok , but even so I 'm used to longer lifespans .
 This thing never registered anything close to an accurate temperature . I would never buy one again .
 I was extremely dissapointed with this item . Not only did it look nothing like the picture , but it was also of a cheaper quality ! When I went to return it , processing took forever even after I paid extra money to have it shipped back to them within 2 days . I would not suggest this or any other item from this vendor .
 I wish someone would have left a review before I bought this kit ... I 'm going to let you know a little secret about jetting ... USE THE STOCK JETS ... I ordered this kit for my 2006 Honda 450 trx atv , and this kit is useless ... I have since had to order new jets from Keihin ... Just some advice , save yourself your money and spend the $ 2.61 and buy the single jet from Keihin ...
 Purchased a set of these for my 95 accord V6 . Will not fit around the bearing without grinding the rotor .
 Bought one for the moulding on a 1968 Buick GS 350 CA because no one local had the other ones . I will never use it again-ever . You have ZERO leverage to pop the clip loose and must use significant brute force . The two rubber `` feet '' at each end quickly went M.I.A. resulting in metal on glass contact . The plastic molded around the grip broke into three strips -LRB- sides and top -RRB- and fell off , leaving the squared corners to dig into my hand as I tried to `` jiggle '' it . I would recommend this tool to someone I REALLY hated . If this review stops even one person from making the mistake I did , I will sleep better at night .
 When ordering it asks to select your vehicle and was assured it would fit the 2012 Toyota Camry SE - received pkg today and it does not so now have to return pkg - If it had not said it would fit my vehicle I would not have ordered yet Amazon is stating they will charge the return UPS fee ??
 this does not fit the 2012 camry door handles ... waste of time and money . I was very excited to have these items sent to me too . smh
 I have installed several sway bars of other manufacturers on similar vehicles , I have my own shop . This one while much cheaper in price was much harder to install with drilling the frame , and with in 3 months one of the mounting brackets on axle fell off , I even used my torque wrench to follow instructions . Spend more and get a better one . It did improve handling until it fell off .
 I have a dashmat from years ago for the same car , now I have a second . The new dashmats are really poor workmanship in comparison . It looks like a reject . Major sewing errors and miscuts , sloppy factory defects . I had to send it back.I already have same exact mat from years ago that always fit correctly , this one is ridiculous , not right at all . I 'll try a different brand , I guess.I also ordered for a different car and that one had less defects so we kept it . Still , We will do some sewing to correct one poor detail .
 Pros
 Its cute but is n't soft at all its more rough and the thing sheds all over the place creating a lot of lent and dust on the dash board of my car . Its like fake wool .
 So first off ; I LOVED my sheepskin steering wheel cover.It feels great on your hands
 I bought this in April 2012 . By August the elastic had given out and it no longer stayed on . Admittedly it spent it 's first month in the heat of Phoenix , but the whole point of this cover is to protect from too-hot or too-cold steering wheels .
 I bought this steering wheel cover a month and a half ago . It fit a little loose at first , but stayed on just fine . I removed it over this last weekend because it has NO elasticity left to it . I had my last sheepskin steering wheel cover for over 3 years before it literally fell apart from use , but it still fit tight . I 'm very disappointed in this .
 I really wanted to replace a previously owned stretchy lambskin cover , but this was the closest I could find . While the quality of the sheepskin is nice -LRB- after years of fake synthetic ones -RRB- , the piece is really stiff and does not stay in place ... which could be dangerous , as the cover will turn with my hands and the wheel goes nowhere . It does seem to fit just fine , just does n't stay in place . Thinking I will try to sew it on and see if that makes it a bit safer , but would rather something that just was more stretchy . Oh this was for a standard steering wheel on a Corolla that has never had fit problems before with covers .
 Bought this center link and tie rod ends for my Grand Cherokee . Everything was fine until the center link arrived today . The box was opened and the plastic bolt bags were ripped open and the bolts removed . The brackets were left loose in the box with the bags . These bolts are designed to specifically fit these brackets . These are not bolts you can just run down to the hardware store and buy . It appears that Amazon has a thief in their organization , and worst of all there is no way to contact Amazon . You have one option it seems ... return and start again , other wise I cold have spoken to someone and resolved this without having to write this ...
 I purchased Brembo brake rotors for my 4Runner based on superior description and brand name . I am highly disappointed with the warped rotors within a year and 8k miles . Would not recommend this product .
 I purchased this cover for my Toyoata Tacoma and it leaks like a sieve and is ill-fitting . This company will not honor what it sells in any way , zero customer satisfaction . If you own a Toyota Tacoma , do not purchase this Tonneau , you will regret it !
 installed my new extang solid fold on my new 2012 silverado first rain here in seattle opened the cover and nothing but water on all my items inside the bed tried to seal areas were leaks were but it filled the inside of the panels with water only way to get water out was to stand covers on end and let water run out . took extang off my new chevy will look for something better for my new truck any body want a free extang solid fold cover ?
 Bought it 05/21/2012 and on 09/27/2012 it flew in 5pm rush hour traffic at 50 to 55mph . Thank God it did not hit anyone or anything . It got ran over by hundreds of vehicles before I could get turned around and back to it . -LRB- This was on an interstate -RRB- . When I got back to the area it had been ground to bits and shreds . Check Google for reviews . I wish I had . It has happened ALOT ! Extang says I am a liar , but my bed rails are bent from where it tried to hang on .
 The sheepskin is a bit skimpy and the color came off on my hands .
 I first bought this cover in beige , which came out a pleasant surprise
 False advertising
 I was very happy with it initially but when I removed it after couple of months , i noticed that my leather steering wheel was spoiled with the cover 's internal color -LRB- dark blue -RRB- . i tried to clean my steering wheel but color did not come off from it.not a very good quality . may be you need wash it once before using .
 I 've bought many sheepskin steering wheel covers in various price ranges and qualities , and this is the first one that did n't fit ! How can it not fit ? They do n't come in sizes ! It 's a nice quality , and maybe it 's just a defective one , but I 'm not reordering .
 bought this item had to pay alot for packaging , they put it in big box cost me about 40 us dollas in packaging , really upset ...
 After using this product for 2 days I had to take it off . The underlying stitching was rather sharp and bumpy and you could feel it every 5 inches around the diameter . Found a suede type cover from an auto store that is much more comfortable .
 I would give this 0 stars if possible.I bought this to replace an actual sheepskin wheel cover that I have had for 2 years . My old dirty one is 20 times better than this piece of garbage . The polyester fluff , or whatever it is , is not that soft , not very thick , and not even uniform - not at all like the picture.Don ' t waste your time or money . Buy the worst one from the gas station instead and it will be better than this patchwork of scraps.I 'm considering just throwing it away for the satisfaction ...
 I have bought many sheepskin steering wheel covers in the past , and none of them acted like this . It kept twisting and would not stay on the steering wheel . I should have returned it , but I kept thinking it would get better as it stretched out . Never did . : - -LRB-
 The sheepskin is too &#34; skinny &#34; , as in not plush . Bunches up and slides on the wheel in a turn . Returning .
 This is the second that I bought of same color based on first one 's good result but this one has turned into a green color after some months.I can not even replace or return it now .
 I used the part finder to make sure that these Brembo 25507 front disc rotors fit my 1997 Honda Civic EX . Amazon says they fit - and I had to enter the year , make , model , trim level , engine size -LRB- only one choice -RRB- and power front disc/drum rear info -LRB- again only one choice -RRB- . I ordered with confidence but there I was in the middle of the Sunday project finding out that these 25507 rotors are much too small - they would not even go onto the hubs and the overall diameter quite a bit too small . So , was forced to scramble to find an open auto parts store that had the parts in stock.When I called the auto parts store I was asked what size the rotors were - there are two sizes ! I am not sure why but there you go . It is not really fair to run stuff by a local parts store to confirm fitment and then buy online , so from now on I think it is very likely I 'll get my auto parts local where I can just take them back for an easy refund if they screw up . I bought these over two months ago , thinking I 'd do the fix over the Christmas holidays but did n't get to it - now it is too late to return them so I am stuck with them - a $ 60 mistake!I checked again and the parts finder still says these rotors fit my car . Just went to another auto website - and it states right on there that my car needs the Brembo 25331 , not the 25507 . Turns out the 25507 is for regular Civic DX , LX and the Del Sol .
 I ordered the Dashmat under the premise that it was an easy install , being mechanically retarded this appealed to me ... lol ... I 'm sure it would have been easier had the velcro that came with it actually stuck to the dash . I did what the instructions said , clean the dash thoroughly with a mild solution , NO Armoral , my dash had n't seen Armoral in 10 years in fact . So after fighting , sweating , and swearing over the non-sticky velcro I found myself at the auto store looking for industrial strength velcro . After about 2 hours I had it installed .
 First of all , if you are looking for an exact match for your broken mirror - look elsewhere . I hope the seller will change the item description because this -LRB- driver 's side -RRB- mirror is not for a 1993 Honda Accord 10th Anniversary 4-door Sedan.I ended up putting the mirror on . You have to adjust it by hand since it is not an electronic mirror . The inside cover wo n't fit due to the mirror 's joystick which sticks way out allowing you to adjust the mirror . The inside of the mirror has some styrofoam insert which seals the mirror from the elements . You wo n't be able to put that on either.My car is really old so I do n't really care but it does not feel great to get ripped off . There were no instructions in the box either . Perhaps I am the fool for thinking this was exactly what I needed . Already waited 3 weeks for it to be shipped and do n't feel like driving around without a mirror any longer , so I am going to keep it .
 Sometimes , I have to click this SEVERAL times for it to do the job . Can be frustrating , but it has worked each time
 Anti-Drainback ValveYesFilter Bypass Relief ValveYesGasket Inside Diameter -LRB- in -RRB- 2.420 in.Gasket Outside Diameter -LRB- in -RRB- 2.810 in.Gasket Thickness -LRB- in -RRB- 0.330 in.Height -LRB- in -RRB- 4.010 in.Maximum Burst Pressure -LRB- psi -RRB- 500 psiOil Filter StyleCanisterOutside Diameter -LRB- in -RRB- 3.630 in.QuantitySold individually.Relief Valve Open -LRB- psi -RRB- 22 psiSmallest Particle Filtered18 micronsThread Size13/16 -16 in .
 No where in the description does it say it will not fit with the factory track system , after purchasing and attempting to install and a call to Lund it did not fit . Their suggestion remove the track NO WAY . Now I get to pay shipping back to Amazon for what I can say was not my fault . The cover looked well made and seemed fine if only it worked on my new $ 30000.00 truck .
 Despite the fact that you can choose a 78.9 inch bed -LRB- king cab -RRB- , they will not ship a 78.9 inch cap . What was shipped to me was a 72 inch cover for a crew cab . I needed a cover for a king cab . When I contacted customer service , they were not able to help me other than letting me return it .
 These were warped out of the box worse than my factory rotors . I am an auto mechanic by trade and was super disappointed when I went to apply the brakes and had even greater vibration than what I had started with . I ended up removing these and machining my factory rotors and reinstalling them to make sure it was n't something else like a bad hub with excessive runout or something and voila ! no more shimmy with my freshly turned factory rotors.I boxed these back up and returned them to Amazon .
 I purchased two of these . Both leak through the valve stem and are useless . I 'm no valve expert , but perhaps running some water through these to see if they leak would be a good quality control check for the Chinese manufacturer . The ones I received were in boxes labeled Four Seasons .
 Very limited usage . Does not specify exact measurement on lug nuts . Was really disappointed . Should have a list of specific lug nut for the product to be used .
 I bought this to remove locking lug nuts on a Honda Oddessy . Neither socket fits . Both are too big . This tool would work fine on regular -LRB- non-locking -RRB- lugs that have been striped .
 I could n't get it to work . I have an old junker vehicle on my ranch . It has the special locking lug nuts and we lost the key . We did n't buy them originally so there was no way to get a replacement . I had a flat and had to figure out a way to get the locking lug nut off . It is n't registered so I could n't drive it to a tire shop.There are two sizes in the package . They have threads on the inside and are supposed to `` screw '' onto the lug nut . One was way too large and the other seemed too small but maybe it needed an impact wrench to drive it on . I could n't get it to work . I ended up just taking a 12 point socket that was a tiny bit smaller than the lug nut and hammering it on .
 seat covers look nice , but must be made one size fits all ... did n't fit my bucket seats very well . lots of wrinkles . might as well have used beach towels !
 November 5 , 2009I would review this item , but ca n't . I ordered it on Oct 1 , 2009 , and as it still states on this page , the item will ship in 2-3 days . After a 10 day delay , I received the `` good news '' that the order was being shipped . Unfortunately , I now have received at least 6 messages , each apologizing that the shipment will be delayed another week . After speaking with an Amazon rep , she guaranteed that the item would ship by Oct 30 , and followed this with an email assuring me of this . Of course , then on Oct 31 , and Nov 4 I received messages of further delays.On top of this , I have been unable to cancel the order , as it is always being prepared for shipping.My worst experience with Amazon , so if you are thinking about ordering this , think again .
 This mirror is a piece of junk . Remote control shaft that knob secures to is very poorly designed and weak . Hard to adjust mirror . Spend the extra bucks and buy Toyota OEM not this cheap immitation . Big difference in quality of mechanism .
 Instead of the heavy duty version Fram oil filter I ordered from your company and Amazon , I recieved the lowest quality Fram filter you offer . Thanks for the crappy oil filter I was trying to avoid purchasing . Now I have to use it being I can not wait another week for a replacement . Filter number PH6349A is not the filter number I paid for , this is a orange standard filter and not the premium black filter made directly for synthetic oils . Again , thanks for the false advertisement , hope people do n't trust you guys as I did to keep your end of the deal and to not waste valuable time and money .
 The problem is that there is no slots for the lower part of your licence plate to slide into , therefore when you tighten the top fasteners it sticks out from the plate . If you loosen it up then it rattles . It looks good , but I am looking for another .
 This system works , but it does NOT install and uninstall easily . You need a hammer and a long bolt to take the pins out . I bought this thinking I could use my ATV to plow and ice-fish . I would need to remove it to use my ATV for ice fishing , and it DOES NOT remove easy . Having it on your ATV removes a good amount of ground clearance . Lucklily , I am able to return it .
 By installing this unit to the lower A-arm it when weight was lifted it pulled the Ball Joint right off the wheel
 The seat cover attracts all kinds of lint and dust . It 's not thick and the quality was not near as good as I expected . It 's already spreading at the seams in certain parts and has barely been used . I guess you get what you pay for ... the one good thing I can say is it did fit the bucket seats in a chevy S-10 .
 I have bought several of these over the past 6 months and have yet to get the right mirror . . You will get a CIPA 27093 Buick Pontiac sedan OE Style Power Driver Mirror in a cipa 27326 box . . I keep buying these and amazon keeps paying to send them back without ever fixing the problem .
 I looked at several back up alarms and picked this one mostly because of the `` Wireless '' in the name . When I got it and read the instructions I was surprised that I had to lift up vehicle carpeting , take apart interior body parts and spend a lot of time with the car 's electrical system while I was routing wires all over . Too much for me , I sent it back .
 just dont buy this item this is just piece of junk if you want to waste your money . then do it
 Looked good when it arrived , it 's great if you do n't plan to sit on it . Did ` nt last long after using , had loose beads rolling around before long . The stitching that hold the beads is some cheap breakable plastic and my body weight -LRB- 225lbs -RRB- was enough to break the stitching in a short period of time .
 The mirror fit just fine , looked ok , even says something like `` Objects in Mirror are Closer than they Appear '' . The problem is that this is a lie . The mirror is a flat mirror , not a parabolic mirror like is typical on a passenger side mirror . The mirror surface is sort of wavey , and not crisp . For the cost , this is tolerable , but really ? Non parabolic mirrors ? Are you kidding?I would encourage you to go buy a real one and tell this K Source business off .
 This listing makes you think you will receive two boots , for the price it looks correct . Surprise they send only one boot . Jokes on me . So dont get fooled . good luck , stay away
 Last weekend I installed a Jardine oil filter relocation kit on my 2009 V-Star 1100 with only 2,259 miles on it . After I was done , took it for a little ride , everything seemed to work fine.Next day , during a longer ride , there was a sudden screech and the engine stopped . The mechanic traced it to a fitting on one of the lines on the Jardine oil filter relocation kit that was not machined through . Diagnosis - oil starvation . The damages - $ 3,100 for a new front cylinder head , camshaft , camshaft gear , and all the related parts .
 It did not stay in place . It slid all over the floor . It is a great idea but it needs to be softer plastic or rubber or something to stay in place .
 I purchased two `` parking mats '' and could n't be less satisfied with them . They do not stay in place and have to be adjusted consistently so that we do n't bump the wall in our rather small garage . I would not recommend this product .
 Did not suite my needs . Much harder than I anticipated and the two sided tape did not work on my epoxy garage floor .
 I swore I bought the biggest one . This one they sent me is a lot smaller and works like crap ... the seller just wan na make a fortune on this ... do not buy !
 I decided not to install this hitch on my mustang because it required me to cut a large square out of face of the rear bumper cover to mount the hitch to the steel bumper underneath . I would not recommend this hitch to anyone with a Ford Mustang or Mercury Capri . My Dad put a different brand hitch on his '83 Mercury Capri many years ago and it did n't require any cutting of the plastic bumper cover .
 This hitch is cheap . I would not trust it to pull a bike.It is not at all what they show you in the picture.Valley 58710 Class 1 Hitch
 The ideas incorporated in this drum key including the keychain quick-release and flip feature are fantastic , but I 've had to consecutively return two of these keys within a few weeks of initially ordering it . The swivel/quick-release mechanism is so weak it will fall apart after using it only a few times . If only Evans knew who I was ... . shame shame Evans .
 The drum key is a very good idea but recently , I was walking to class and the drum key disassembled itself from where it attaches to the keychain . I was surprised because i was not doing anything to the drum key . It does move a lot when i walk , i constantly hear it jingle and jangle but i thought nothing of it . Like i said , recently the pin that holds it together disassembled and now I am wondering whether Guitar Center can fix this or should I contact Amazon -LRB- where i bought it from -RRB- and get a new one .
 My primary concern was getting rotors that would perform as well as the originals . I have a 2006 Honda Civic with 242,000 miles , so for me , performance was important . After doing extensive research , I decided to try these Brembos . They have a great reputation and the price was right . When I received them , they went on without a hitch -LRB- I wo n't get into how difficult the originals were to take off -RRB- . I also installed new brake pads -LRB- I have been using the autozone duralast brand for over 180,000 miles -RRB- . I broke them in as instructed and now I have driven about 5,500 on them . These rotors are outstanding ! In fact , I would have to say they are better than the originals . They break with little effort . I will continue buying Brembo -LRB- as long as the price continues to be right -RRB- . *** Updated 5/22/12 *** These rotors turned out to be junk ! After only 20,000 miles , I had to turn the rotors because they warped . When I took them in , I was told the rotors could not be turned because they were too thin already . What a waste of money ! I will now have to buy a new set . I will stay away from Brembo !! Do yourselve a favor and buy another brand . I ca n't afford to replace rotors every 20,000 miles . THESE ROTORS ARE CHEAP AND LOW QUALITY !!! DO NOT BUY !!!
 I purchased these rotors for my 2008 Honda Civic LX sedan in preparation for replacing my son 's rotors after he retuned from college . Yesterday I went to install them and with the car jacked-up and both wheels/rotors off I compared them to the factory rotors I had just removed and they were an inch larger than stock ! I had to reinstall the old rotors -LRB- to go with the new pads I had already placed in the calipers -RRB- and run down to the auto parts store -LRB- 10 miles -RRB- to get a new set of rotors , wait for things to cool down , and the do the rotor replacement all over again . Now Amazon tells me that I 'm outside of the return window for these things ! Sounds like it 's time to cancel the Amazon Prime account -LRB- which , in retrospect , will save me from a lot of impulse buying -RRB- . My advice is to independently check the sizing/parts information before blindly trusting Amazon 's parts advice.I 'm giving the one star because they might make for good door stops/conversation pieces at work.Live and learn .
 Cheap product , Not what I paid for , one was defective , but I could not return because it was thrown away by the shop since I did n't open it at home and took it the shop . Made in China , probably made the cheapest way , the sides were not grinded smooth like the rotors should be . Not happy with the product . Next time I will go to the store and buy it .
 Bought this from a local wally world and it was one of the more expensive engine degreasers . It cleans decently but its hard to gauge because the bottle was out before i could even spray my entire camry 's engine bay !! It shoots outs in a foam but is not enough to cover sufficiently and ledt grease marks on the engine even after following directions to the T. Spend your money elsewhere , the foam is nice but a standard spray gives just as good coverage and has more product .
 I placed this holder on the High-Lift , and then tried to put the asembly into the cover . It does n't fit . I feared that If I forced it , I would damage the cover . This is a either/or assembly . DO N'T try to use both .
 This is not worth the money you pay for it . Bought it an was only on the Jeep for 4 months before it broke in half and the one half got lost on the trail . Only saw it when we got back home and found the one half stuck in the jack.Will try and see if they will cover it under warrantee but are not very hopeful about it .
 I received this item fast . However , I installed it with ease , but it is way too loose and the handle still slides out the `` handle-keeper '' I still have to resort to either taping or using zip ties to secure it to the jack.Poor product from Hi-Lift themselves ...
 the seat cover look very nice ... but it did not fit into my Scion TC car seats .
 I SHOULD SAY ITS OK FOR WHAT AM USING IT FOR I HAVE NEW 2008 AUDI -LRB- LEATHER SEATS OF COURSE -RRB- I BOUGHT 1 OF THESE SO MY DOGS CAN SIT ON IT AND NOT RUIN MY LEATHER SEATS AGAIN -LRB- OF COURSE -RRB- SO IF ITS FOR YOUR DOGS TO SIT ON ITS GREAT !!
 I had high hopes that this product would remove the water spots that were on my car . Unfortunately it seems to of done very little , if anything to remove the water spots . In fairness I am not sure the duration the spots were on the car so there could of been minor etching into the clearcoat . This product may work well if the spots are light in mineral deposits or not been on for very long but if they have been there for awhile or have higher concentrations you will need to look elsewhere . I was able to use adam 's polishing system to remove mine .
 Save your money and DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . I tested it on two different cars with water spots . It did not do anything . I was able to remove the water spots with meguiars cleaner-wax .
 The mirror is fine and does a good job showing the blind spots . But it was delivered with scratches on it , that makes it quite blurry . The issue is with the poor packing by the manufacturer which makes the mirror prone to scratches.Pros
 The mirror rotates 360 degrees inside the black frame . Adjustable blind spot mirrors are the ones which can be ` pushed ' up or down inside the frame so you can ` adjust ' it to see the blind spot . what is the use of a ` fixed ' mirror which just fits exactly between the frames and rotates 360 degrees . There used to be ` bell ' brand adjustable blind spot mirrors available until a couple of years ago where there is some clearance space in between the black frame and the mirror which will help the mirror tilt to up/down/left / right until you can clearly see the blind spot . This is not the same . They should remove the word ` adjustable ' from the title . This is just a blind spot mirror but pricey -LRB- $ 2.99 for a 2 '' one -RRB- . It is a $ 3 item , not sure how I would return this to amazon since I opened the pack . The mirror has scratched surface too as many other reviewers has pointed out .
 The original packaging for this mirror is too big and they did n't bother protecting the mirror 's surface . So when it arrived although the package was still sealed the front of the mirror was scratched to the point of being useless , probably just from the mirror rolling around inside the packaging . Even though it only cost about $ 5 I 'm still going to send it back and demand a refund.Guys , spend an extra penny or two and put some plastic film over the mirror or something to protect it , will ya ?
 Packing was not good and its adhesive was very weak . Mirror fell down after 3-4 days , very disappointed with this product .
 Mirror foggy at perimeter . Reflection in middle is poor . Mirror is adjustable but I did n't install since felt the quality was so poor and felt removing would be a problem . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I bought a couple , one for each mirror . I opened the package and saw what a cheap item it is . It was scratched and all plastic . The mirror is some kind of plastic finish . It was so cheap that it was not worth returning . I 'm stuck with this dud of a purchase . Bad purchase .
 poor image quality , weak adhesive lets go in no time , a bad deal even at the price .
 The mirror arrived , in original packaging and nicely packed by Amazon , but as others have pointed out , the mirror is all scraped and scratched in the middle , probably due to moving around during shipping . This make it an unusable 1-star item in my opinion . I suffered for too many years with scratched glasses to ever willingly look into something with that kind of damage . :--RRB- It 's too bad , too , because otherwise it 's a great mirror
 This is not adjustable as advertised . Very disappointing to see that it was advertise as ADJUSTABLE ... this is fixed . . it will make you mad . Do n't order it . It does n't deserved even a bit of a star .
 Although the table states that this is the correct mirror for a 2001 Saturn SC1 , it does n't fit . You can still use it , but it is not the exact shape of the car , it is smaller and not as rounded as the original one . I would recommend a different supplier if you want the correct one for your Saturn .
 I was told by Amazon that this mirror would fit my vehicle . I needed a mirror quickly because my inspection was past due and I had already been given a ticket for it . I could n't find the mirror at Napa so I just found a mirror on Amazon . I entered my vehicle information ant it told me it would fit my vehicle . Turns out that almost any Saturn mirror says the same thing . The mirror did n't fit but I did n't have time to send it back . I put the wrong shaped mirror on just so I could pass inspection . Now I ca n't return it because its already been used . Long story short , DONT BUY CAR PARTS FROM AMAZON unless you know for a fact the part will fit .
 Beck Arnley 108-5140 Remanufactured Power Steering PumpThis pump is for my 1994 Jaguar Van Den Plas . This pump started leaking fluid the first day I drove the car after installing the pump . Every day I drove the car , I had to add fluid because the fluid in the power steering reservoir had dropped below the minimum level . There was no leaks where the hoses connected to the pump . There was no leaks on the power steering rack . I found fluid on the bottom of the pump . After I cleaned the fluid off the bottom of the pump and drove the car again , there was fresh fluid on the bottom of the pump . After I removed the pump to return it to the supplier , I noticed one of the bolts was never installed on the pump because there was paint in the bolt hole . I have requested a replacement . That request was submitted online on 5 Oct 2012 . I received information that the pump will arrive on 26 Oct 2012 ; 21 days to get a replacement ??!!!!!
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Does not adjust at the waist , Crap , Dont Buy This Product unless you cant afford a better one , Probably ok for Go-Kart or small project or someone who does not mind frustration , I actually ran my truck into a ditch trying to buckle up last week , lucky the ditch was only 3 feet deep and covered in snow , O Yeah and i drive a Lifted Wrangler , Else id a been screwed.Dont Buy This Product , Cheap Construction , Not very adjustable , poor instructions , packaging was torn when i received it . Looks Great online , Not so great in my truck.Not the companies fault its crap , what do we expect in this price range , its too good to be true !
 picture represents rails , at time of purchase no mention was made of rails being absent . Hole for lock was mis alligned . Amazon did me well though by sending me a better hitch and coordinating all the shipping
 I bought these for a 2001 Ford Focus ZX3 . They fit decently enough . My main complaint about these is that the straps used to tie the headrest cover and the tops of the seat covers to the seat snapped off immediately . The ties pulled off like they were held on by one single tiny thread . I assure people i did not use extreme force but merely tried tying it as if tying ones shoe . I thought it was a fluke when the first one pulled off so quickly , but the rest followed . Its not even worth my time to send them back . Other than the straps , the seat covers seem nice enough , though i have n't really put them through any serious wear yet .
 Ok product but the desription makes it sound like it is more . Price is better at Kmart for the same thing too .
 These seat covers fit in my Ford Focus quite perfectly , however the material is very shiny and slick . Not really what I wanted . The grey color appears silver in real life and has a wet look it is so shiny .
 The product that arrived is NOT what is in this picture ! What a pain ! What a waste of time and energy having to return something .
 Another Amazon description problem , this is not what you think it is ! I realized when I received it that the description was not accurate and had spelling problems .
 Be aware this does not fit the Civic EX or SI even though Amazon says it does . This is for the LX , DX with the smaller dics
 I purchased this to replace the trailing arm bushings on 1998 CR-V . The video on you tube said 15 minutes . It was more like 4 hours . What they do n't tell you is the pusher is not long enough to the cr-v , so I had to make a make shift extra spacer to finish the job . The first side I made the mistake of removing the tool before inserting the extra spacer and putting in the new bushing . This tool will bend your trailing arm enough that the tool will not go on the same trailing arm bushing very easily at all . Once knowing this it went better on the other side . It did still save time over taking the whole thing off , despite having to remove a top control arm that was not indicated in any instructions .
 I found this tool difficult to use as it did not fit well over the trailing arm of my 97 civic ex . I got the bushing out and then while I was pressing in the new bushing the tool broke . So take care while using this tool . .
 I bought 3 of these units . The motion detection sensor is not very effective and I would classify this unit as a utility light and certainly not a security light . Of the three I bought , 1 failed within one month.Update
 I bought this product a few days ago to put up in my back yard . Setup was easy and the unit appeared to work in ` test ' mode by waving my hand in front of it . Left it for a couple days and tried another motion test . NOTHING !!! This unit appeared to be dead . I set the sensitivity to ` Max ' and still NOTHING !! It could n't have detected a Mac truck in my back yard . I recharged it and still nothing . I took it down in frustration and sent it back . In my experience with this product , its not worth the money and aggreviation .
 I bought two of these lights . Charged them as instructed . Easy to install . After two days one unit was completely dead . I tried charging it again . It held the charge for about 1 day and then it was dead again . Contacted the company 's customer service and had to buy a new battery . It still would n't hold a charge . Threw it in the trash . Horrible product and would not recommend . The second unit still works , but just barely and it buzzes real loud . Buy the Zenith solar unit instead !
 We bought this as a simple solution to provide lighting in an trash can area around our home so we were n't too concerned about its appearance . Thinking that solar might be a good idea , we thought it was worth a go . The item is pretty easy to install . You basically charge the battery overnight and then go about finding a place to screw it into the wall . It worked fine for about a week or so and then nothing . We recharged the battery out of concern that perhaps there was not enough sunlight and tested the light successfully but when it comes time to detecting motion , the thing is blind as a bat now . Not worth the money , in my opinion .
 I bought two of these outdoor lights , took them by plane to my place in Chile , and put them outdoors to charge for three days before testing , as per the directions . One of them was fried before I started to use it and the other stays on constantly unless you manually turn it off due to water entering the electronics . I called the manufacturer and told them what had happened , even offering to pay for new sealed electronics units , since the light and battery and sensor portions were still fine . They refused to help me , saying that the parts were made in Malaysia and they could n't get just the electronics module and that my warranty was expired . So , I am out $ 200 plus shipping charges to Chile , and now I need to buy and install another product . Everyone should know not to buy Solar Masters ' products .
 The product worked somewhat as advertised at first but work rarely now . I charged the light as intructed and mounted . I had problems with the testing but it seemed to work so I left it now I do n't think I can do anything except trash it . The warranty is 30 days from the manufacturer . I 'm waiting to hear from them but do n't expect much ... I would not buy this . I also agree the light is pretty dim , but if in a dark secluded area it would be OK , only if it worked ...
 My purchase was made elsewhere , and my review is pending there . I wanted to add my comments here as well , to help others before they make the mistake I did . I bought three of these , hopeful that they would be as good as the other sites ' reviews said . Not so . These were received on 01/04/11 and will be going back shortly.One unit basically never worked from out of the box . Two others were only set up in the kitchen , to test them . They get ample sunlight . A second unit is now doing what the first failed one did - even if plugged in , you have to toggle the switch that sets it to off/test/min multiple times and SOMETIMES the light that indicates it is active comes on . Then and ONLY then will sensor work , but that is hit or miss as well . The remaining one sits and collects sun-power . When it is dark , the red light comes on and it is `` active '' . Although it seems to be working , it is n't consistent . It is about 6-7 feet from where I enter the kitchen and sometimes I have to pass through the same spot three times before it `` senses '' me and comes on.The `` active '' light not coming on seems consistent with others comments that the light did n't work after it was mounted . It will NOT turn the light on if the red light is n't lit , and this seems to be the problem . I am glad we did n't mount these , as then we would n't see what the problem is . The comments about not sensing in some cases also applies . It is not consistent enough . A flashlight would work better for me to light the area when I get home - as long as I remember to bring it and keep the batteries up , it will do what I need better -LRB- light the area -RRB- and would be cheaper!My quotations in the next paragraph come from the sun-mate website - I did not make them up . In the event that this is deemed wrong to post and is deleted , check out the warranty/return policy on the sun-mate website yourself before wasting your time , effort and money on this product.Having read these reviews here I looked for the company website - they have the worst policies I have seen . The 30 day return is for an unopened box . If they determine it is n't a factory defect -LRB- of course they wo n't -RRB- , you get charged a 15 % restock fee . How about this
 I bought six Solar Centurians to place around my garden in an attempt to keep deer from eating everything.They one by one started failing after two months . Some partially some fully.Do not but this item . It will end up in the garbage as did mine .
 This light has not worked since the day we installed it . I have fooled around with it too many times to see if I could get it to sense an approaching auto/person . It is on my garage and should work whenever a car approachs ... it worked one time when I was walking up the drive , but has not responded to anything else since . If it was n't so much trouble I would take it down , but I can not climb ladders and my grandson is much too busy to keep coming here to adjust it . Sorry I spent so much money on it.Shirley Dilsworth
 Bought one . First they send an ordinary garden light . It took them forever to send the replacement . Got it and it worked well for a few weeks . Now the motion sensor work only when it feels like or it comes on and instantly goes dull and starts a struggling sireen sound , even though the sireen is off . The motion sensor is the worst part of this device and there seem not to be a replacement just for the motion sensor portion of the device . Customer service is not good from this company either . Not worth it . They need to fix the motion sensor on the device .
 I relearned the lesson that you get what you pay for . I paid only $ 1 for this charger , and I probably paid too much . It seemed to have troubles immediately , in that when plugged in and attached to the phone , my phone constantly beeped and the screen brightness flickered , almost as if the connection was intermittent . Eventually , it damaged either the batter or the phone , because now the phone will hardly hold a charge.Stay away !
 I got this item less than a month ago & it already shorted out already , normally i have no problem with amazon but this item was poorly made ...
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT IT STOPPED WORKING THE FIRST TIME IT GOT WET , IT IS A LICENSE PLATE HOLDER IT GOES ON THE OUTSIDE OF A VEHICLE IT SHOULD BE ABLE TO GET WET !!!!
 Received item quickly . The display works and scrolls the message that it can hold 5 different messages ... But it wo n't let me program new messages . I even changed the battery in the hand held . Still not working !
 i received the Roadmaster scrolling license plate holder , and it does not work . I follow the direction in the manual , and the Enter key does not work so I can not change the message . Now , instead of driving around advertising my business , I am advertising the scrolling license plate .
 This `` wall guard '' is hard plastic and can not be trimed to a different size . It is actually harder that the dry wall in my garage that I was trying to protect the car door from . do not mistake this design for the desireable soft pads that others sell . you will not be happy with this and the shipping charge to send it back is almost the same amount of money would get back if you returned it - is n't that an interesting coincidence !!! This is not the product you want !
 These things are 2 feet long.You 'll need FOUR of them just to cover a typical car in a typical garage , and that means it 'll set you back $ 50 + for a set . You can get garage door weatherstripping which will do much the same job for $ 15 . And it 's softer than these things , which feel rigid enough to bend the corners of your doors if you hit them hard enough.I 'm returning these things , pronto .
 These are not as soft as they look . They are hard plastic and they really do n't protect the paint on a car door very well considering how rigid this plastic is . What 's worse is that just a few days after I installed them , they warped . Now they dont sit flat against the wall . Overall this is a complete waste of money . Adhesive backed 1/4 '' thick cork is probably a better option .
 First , these are not clear . They are white -LRB- and slightly translucent -RRB- . Second , these are very rigid . You would think that they would be soft considering what they are supposed to do but that is not the case . Though they might protect the paint on your garage wall , they are definitely hard enough to chip the paint on a car door.A day after I installed them in my garage , both warped and now neither sits flush against the wall.Overall , this was a big waste of money for me .
 I installed this for my Impala 2005 and it worked out fine at first and it fits perfectly it is also very easy to install ... However now that its been a few months its making a subtle but noticable noise ... I did n't expect this out of a new fan . . If it gets any louder I 'm going to have to replace it which is a great disappointment .
 I was given this as a present for my new car purchase to protect it from dings . I put them on as I went shopping at Home Depot . When I came out someone stole them off my car on both sides -- they come off easily and went just as easily . My advise is to stay away from anything that is easy to install and remove .
 I was hoping for something you could leave on your vehicle at all times , even while driving . Who has time to get out and put these on in the parking lot before leaving the vehicle ?
 The mirror was 1/8 '' inch too big . I ordered the dorman oe fit complete mirror and threw this in the garbage .
 This mirror was listed as a &#34; replacement &#34; for the passenger mirror of my Chevy.However , this glass is a &#34; flat &#34; mirror . The mirror on my truck is slightly &#34; convex &#34; . This glass would not fit the mirror as it was advertised forBeware when buying .
 I ordered this jack last year -LRB- a year ago -RRB- . After I ordered it , I fixed the broken jack I had and forgot out this product . Ok , maybe I am simple , or I order a lot of stuff and and dont keep track of it all , or something . But I got an email asking me to review products that I purchased through Amazon , including this jack , and it reminded me that I never recieved this . I guess if you pay for something and dont get it , that qualifies one for O out of 5 stars .
 I was not happy when I installed this item the remote cables are to short . I had to fight to get it to work right .
 It 's not shaped for ANY motorcycle ; wrong fit -LRB- smaller -RRB- ; comes with grommets , but no cable or ties ; it 's very heavy ; doese n't have vents to prevent condensation , as advertised ; doese n't come with storage bag . Need I say more ?
 This particular cover was sold to me on the promise that it would fit my motorcycle perfectly . It did n't . But it is ok . What is worse is that it was torn apart -LRB- where one piece was glued to the other -RRB- by wind in 2 weeks . And it does n't have any ventilation holes thus leading to condensation and rusting.In general , PVC is not a good material for a cover .
 Not much to say . I bought my first Nelson Rigg cover -LRB- same as this model -RRB- last October . It developed several rips through the winter that I attributed to winter wear and tear . The rips got so bad I had to buy a new one . On March 22 I received the same cover -LRB- figuring it 'd last longer in the warmer spring and summer months -RRB- . I get home from work yesterday and the front looks like it literally blew up like a popped baloon . Unreal , total waste of money . I have a picture but not sure it 's possible to upload .
 I did n't want to go through all the `` work '' involved with painting a concrete garage floor so i chose this product . first of all , it was not as thick/heavy as i thought it would be -LRB- which i guess is partly is my fault for not know what thickness this `` mil '' was -RRB- but i figured i could live with it . i bought 2 of the 9 x 20 ' mats and thought they would come on a roll like a carpet - not folded into a small box . it is unbelievable how many folds and wrinkles there are . i wrote to the manufacturer to see if the folds would come out and was told `` over time they may relax some but will not go away '' . there are no corners available so there are open spaces at the junction of the sides and the back . they warn it is slippery when wet but we have n't had any rain so i have n't found out exactly how slippery it is . overall i hate this product and am sorry i bought it . it is certainly not worth the money as far as i am concerned . do n't waste your money
 It got us through the winter , which is what I intended for it to do untilit warmed up enough that I could do the necessary work to get the garageto drain into a sump . But , by spring it was pretty much junk . Sand fromwinter street sanding and other things the car tracks in on the tires madelittle holes all over in the plastic film . It was stained and ugly and does n'tcome clean no matter how much you scrub with soap and water . It left earlyin the Spring ... on the garbage truck .
 I agree with many of the comments here . I 've had a 9x20 in my garage for years to help with my Silverado pickup mess in New England . It does help keep the slush , snow , water and oil off the garage floor and from spreading all over the garage . The problem I have is that the weak plastic edging -LRB- which is a pain and time consuming to install . Believe me it does not insatll in seconds -RRB- breaks easily especially on the garage door side which is driven over and over . I called the company and they were nice enough to send me free replacement edges , but the same thing keeps happening and after a while the vinyl mat starts to tear and looks ratty . If they would come up with some edging on the garage door side that will not crack and break so easily it would make this product so much better and less of a hassle to maintain .
 The mat itself is nice and strong . But to put the edges on is a night mare . The last one we owned was much better
 These mats were a pain from the start , the pieces around the edge did n't fit together well , the mats bunched up over time , water pools on them and they are impossible to keep clean because the dirt gets caught around the edges . I could not get rid of them fast enough !
 This picture clearly shows the seat belt next to the headrest but there is no way to route the seatbelt . FAIL !
 just junk , just do n't buy it , there are other better products with better optics and more control , be careful with thse because you will become dependent upon them , so get good ons . Remember to check adjustment after a car wash as the usually get moved by the water . Amazon sells better rectangular device that I have used on several cars to drive 100s of thousands of mile ... Properly mounted and used , these devices can be life savers .
 I purchased this for a 2001 Buick Regal LS because the PO410 code light prevented my car from passing inspection . Replaced the unit , and within a week the code was back on . Garage advised to get a replacement . Due to timeline , had to pay for return and pay more for the new pump . Contacted customer service at the manufacturer -LRB- Dorman Products -RRB- and they were n't very helpful .
 Bought the Dorman pump thinking the quality was good but I was wrong . I received the pump and tested it before installing it ; the pump was extremely noisy so I exchanged it . I received the second pump and this one is noisy too but not as much as the first one , so I decided to give it a chance and installed it . It works fine but it is noisy , now I have a noisy car.If you can afford to buy a good quality pump then do n't bother with this one , you will not be happy . lots of room for improvement or the price shall be reduced significantly . I do n't recommend the Dorman pump .
 i bought this pump thinking i could save a couple of bucks vs buying oem partsi guess the old saying fits here . you get what you pay for . . the pump is loud and obnoxious.i thought it was the way i installed it . but i took it back out and ran it on my bench it was stillloud . i would not recommend this item ...
 This bumper sticker makes little sense and is not funny . It is simply homophobic . Substitute the word `` heterosexual '' for the word `` lesbian '' . It makes just as much sense . No one becomes a lesbian , any more than one becomes a heterosexual . This bumper sticker merely advertises the ignorance of the bearer . Moreover , not going to church or practicing witchcraft is not synonymous with being a lesbian . If , however , you think that it is , then by all means , this is the bumper sticker for you .
 I bought two of these from Amazon and both lasted no longer than five months . I have become a non-believer in suction cups technology .
 I used this for about three weeks . I drive on NJ Tpk and GSP quite often . I also used it on a trip from NJ to DC . It does not work 60 % of the time . I changed its location on the windshield a couple of times still it did not get better .
 I tried this holder and got 3 payment violations with easypass . I called the tech support and they said SOME black & white holders have too much metal content in the pigment used in the plastic . This metal shields the transponder from the easypass receiver . Too late to return the item for me . I would not purchase this item !!
 mine melted off of the windshield -LRB- the black part that connected to the suction cups -RRB- . i 'm now in search of the original velcro style .
 i got this when i got i a new car and left the strips in my old car . never stayed on the window . had to go back to the strips
 It does fall off . The best way to mount this is put it on the edge where the window and dashboard meet .
 Was happy initially - suction cups good , aesthetically pleasing , easy to move to another car ... . was using it for my neighorhod transponder -LRB- gated community -RRB- My car is garaged and I always use a sun shade in parking lots . however , one summer day the black plastic melted and the holder fell from the suction cups -LRB- which remained on windshield -RRB- . I almost crashed into the gates when they didnt open because the transponder was on my floor . Then I almost got rearended trying to back away from the gates and use the visitor entrance . disappointing .
 Can not believe i spent a penny buying this worthless product . . It just wont stick to the glass . . Save your money . . Buy something else . .
 Bought this at Pep Boys and the thing melts in extreme summer heat . Also does n't stick to well to window , even though I clean it .
 After one week it did n't fit the ez pass anymore . This is sort of some male cow fecal matter . I cant believe I wasted my money on this
 With the intense summer heat experienced lately , this item warped and thankfully I did n't have my pass in it . That was my first and last experience with this cheap product .
 I have purchased two of these , both black . Both have melted after about one year of use . I tried contacting the company via their website , but to no avail . I like the design , and the fact that I do n't have to have it permanently attached to my windshield , but the product should be able to withstand the heat of the sun since that is where it is supposed to be .
 So it worked great as long as the EZPass device stayed in it . When I took the device out and left the hold on the glass it warped and I could never get it the device to fit in it again . Just terrible with holding up to the elements .
 This holds the unit well and stuck to the window fine , but a few hot days and the plastic parts that hold the suction cups melted to a point that makes this useless . Really , a product that is to sit on a car windshield can not hold up to heat.Emailing the company and will update this review based on their response .
 This is more substantial than other suction cup toll pass holders I 've had , but the black version should be avoided because the material loses its shape in normal summertime temperatures even here in the mid-Atlantic . I installed two of these in different cars , and in both cases after several months of satisfactory operation they began to fall off their windshields , not because the suction cups had failed but because the tabs they 're attached to had softened and distorted so they were no longer coplanar . In fact , the clear suction cups act like miniature lenses , focusing the sun onto the black plastic around them until it actually melts . One suction cup completely melted through its mount.Wrong type of plastic for this application , and it also would behoove the manufacturer to switch to opaque suction cups . I might try the white one - which should absorb less sunlight as heat - since I do like the design .
 Suction cups did not stick well to the window -- and if you do get them to stick on your window , they will not stay on there for long and will definitely not stay on in the winter or when your windshield gets cold.I liked the design of these because I did not want something permanently stuck to my windshield . I was hesitant to buy these because the shipping cost was so high . All the great reviews coupled with the annoyance of having to hold my ipass up every time I wanted to use it got me to finally buy two of these things for each of my cars.They 're junk . Save yourself the money and use the 3m command strips on your ipass without a holder . The command strips work on glass and come off easily with no residue when you want them to -- unlike the supplied velcro . Holders add unnecessary bulk hence increasing that blind spot and adding aggravation.If you 're looking to buy these because you want to take your ipass from car to car , take the $ 9 this thing costs and use it towards another ipass.I wish someone wrote a review like this before I bought them .
 Bought this before summer to secure my EZpass . At first everything was gravy , the EZpass was secure and the suction cups worked . As the summer went on , the clip began to distort from the heat in the car -LRB- full black leather interior / black car / black clip -RRB- . It was either that or aliens from space hit the clip with a laser beam . The EZpass fell out from time to time as the suction cups began to give up . I finally said F it and am currently looking for a replacement . I 'll save you the trouble and give you mine for free .
 Few months into it , I used to find it on the floor or on the seat when I ente rmy car . The cause ? Mine had melted somewhat and has fallen off the windshield several times getting worse and worse each time . The suction cups remained on the glass sometimes . After I put it back together and remounted it , in a few days it would come back off . The black plastic turns soft after time and eventually gives way to the weight of the EZ pass . Last week I found out the hard way it failed again without knowing and the toll booth barrier wouldnt go up and I was stopped at the red light . The cop had to come over and let me through when I showed him the failed clip . So angry ...
 I bought two of these , one for my car and one for my husband 's . Both lasted about 2 years . They do not work well in the summer/winter when the car gets very hot/cold -LRB- I live in MA -RRB- . The tabs that hold the suction cups melt during the day in the summer and become deformed . Once the plastic cools , you can not bend/shape it back . I still have some plastic stuck to my floor mat where holder landed after it melted off my window and later cooled in the evening -LRB- the suction cup was still on the window -RRB- . During the winter , the suction cups do not hold well in extreme cold so every morning I needed to put it back on my window after the car warmed a little .
 I bought this after I got my new car and did n't want to put the velcro stickies on my windshield . A friend had one and she loved it . Given I 've had 3 windshields since I got the car , it saves me the aggrevation of holding it up when I go through the tollbooth every day . Only issue is that it slightly melts in the summer heat -LRB- which is why I did n't give it 5 stars -RRB- . It still functions properly after 2 years , but since it 's made of thick plastic , I was surprised that it melted as much as it did . It has fallen off in extreme hot/cold weather and broke one of my temperature knobs -LRB- another reason for only 4 stars -RRB- , but it 's still worth it . I just make sure to check the suction from time to time now and have n't had an issue in a while . I got my boyfriend one for his car too , and since he does n't use an EZ pass every day like I do , we only put it up when he needs it and it works great . When this one melts too much and wo n't hold , I will definitely get another . You can find them cheaper in random stores though - like Pep Boys and I may have even seen one in an Staples?Updated 8/25/12 - After having this product for a while , the plastic holder started to melt in the holes around the suction cups and it was continuously falling down so I replaced it with a mesh bag EZ Pass holder that hangs from my rear view mirror .
 This is a DEFECTIVE PRODUCT . This holder does not stay on the window . The one I received has a suction cup that is defective . When I rotated the suction cups , the spot with the defective suction cup did not hold and the ` holder ' fell off . My hope was to use the holder whenever I am travelling where I need the EZPass . Instead , I am back to where I started , holding the EZPass up with my hand when I go through tolls . I recently ordered the velcro strips fro free from EZPass at the recommendation of a police officer working the tolls . When I receive these I will use them instead .
 I purchased these for my 2003 Yukon XL . I purchased a full set for the front , middle and back footwells and a cargo liner for the cargo area . All fit fine except the drivers front , it does n't fit at all . It does n't fit the shape or size of footwell and it begins to curl up as it ages . I even had the manufacturer send me a replacement set for the front in case there was a bad production run and the second set is no better . I could not possibly recommend this product . I feel that it is a safety hazard it is so poor fitting .
 They look like they would be more durable than factory mats . But have gone thru two sets . Liked them so much so after 3 years bought another set hopeing I was just unlucky . The second set also lasted only 3 years before they got a hole in them . They seem to be bad about where they have the heel area/pad . They put in wrong place and dont test it.For the money should last longer than 3 years . Even cheapest mat will . And I only drive 7K-10K miles a year .
 The mats do not stay n place with the snaps . For the money the quality is just average . The mats have been un snapping from the clips and when I contacted the manufacture I kept being passed on the someone else . Finally got someone and all they have agreed to do is send me new fasteners . Wow , brand new product and I have to replace the fasteners.Would not purchase again
 Does n't seem to last long in the Florida sun . Over the course of a summer , the plastic will warp and crack . It does n't adhere that great to the windshield anyway , due to the small suction cups , but once it warps , you ca n't get both cups to contact the glass and the whole thing is basically useless.I emailed the company once after hearing they actually had a warranty -LRB- I was on my second clip -RRB- but never heard back.A section of non-adhesive electrical tape -LRB- the rubber kind -RRB- for about $ 2 , wrapped around my epass 's outer edge , seems to do a decent job of keeping it from sliding around on the dash . Since I have no intention of paying for another of these things , and do n't want to go back to velcro , that 's good enough for me .
 The ordering experience was good . It was easy to order . The product arrived promptly . Unfortunately , the new Virginia E-ZPass is thicker than 3/4 '' . The actual thickness is around 7/8 '' . So I can not fit it into the T-Klip Toll Pass Holder . Since it 's less than $ 7 , I am not sure it 's worth the trouble of sending it back . Currently , I am still looking for a toll pass holder of the right size for my E-ZPass .
 I had it for about a year . Yes it falls down a lot -LRB- They all do -RRB- , but I had to stick it back on so many times that the plastic actually snapped in half where one of the suction cups was held .
 the computer on amazon said it fit my ranger truck it did not wrong part number on box wate a waste of time and money .
 These cling-on shades are ridiculous , they ca n't stick right and have countless air bubbles and you ca n't even open the window without it peeling off . Also with the ridiculous air-bubbles it is hard to look through the window when changing lanes . I would n't recommend them to anyone .
 It seems based on other reviews that some people are able to install it easily and they are happy with it . The people who are not happy are ones who are not able to install it cleanly . I am having difficullty too although I am usually very good with these type of do-it-yourself things . No matter how hard I try it seems almost imposible to put them on without major wrinkles and bubbles . Since it is not installed cleanly it does n't look good but the product seems to work ok - it keeps the sunlight out and stays on even with the bibbles and wrinkles .
 I spent half an hour attempting to put them up and after cleaning the window and pressing one side then the other -LRB- maybe this side would work if not the other -RRB- well in the end they ended up in the garbage . JUNK ! They will not stay on my window .
 I purchased these to install on the rear window of my sedan . They are fairly easy to install , and not too difficult to get smooth/remove bubbles if you take your time . My only issue is that the tint is way too dark . I can barely see out of my back window , even on the brightest of days .
 We bought this instead of the pull back shades , thinking it 'd work well and be easy to install . Was very hard to get flat and straight on the window and pealed up when you lowered the window -LRB- this was n't a huge surprise and was discovered by accident -RRB- . Would n't buy again and would just get the pull down shade in the future .
 If your good with putting on things smoothly , then this is for you . Me on the other hand had some difficulties since it 's so sticky and like plastic , it keeps scrunching together .
 Are you kidding me ?? I spent about 20 minutes trying in vain to apply this stuff to my car window and I quickly realized that it is nearly impossible to do so without wrinkles and bubbles . This stuff is awful-looking and awful-acting . Imagine trying to apply cheap plastic wrap evenly and smoothly onto your window . Well , this is exactly the way this stuff acts . Yes , it is as difficult to handle as that . And I do not consider myself a klutz by any means ; I 'm very handy around the house , and in my work I often have to apply my skills to projects that I do with my hands.What a waste of time and energy . Oftentimes , you get what you pay for . This stuff is going back just as soon as I can print out a return label !
 I had the Jeep window shades in my Tundra , but when we bought the Camry , the shades were too big . So I bought these , hoping that installation would go better and they would be the right size . Not only were they not the right size , but they were flimsy and not tinted near enough to make a difference . I probably could have ripped one of them if I had n't thrown them away first . We ended up reusing the Jeep shades and cutting them to size with a razor blade . They work soooo much better .
 We returned this item because it says very clearly on the packaging that it is not designed for rear window use . It is meant ONLY for side windows .
 You must get hundreds of wrinkles and bubbles which makes you throw them into a garbage can unless you are an expert at window tinting .
 inconvenient and thus useless -- i used it once -LRB- it was irritating to put on -RRB- -- i removed after the sun was no longer shining through the window -LRB- so that my kid can see better -RRB- and it was difficult to store and then got dirty and i never used it again.useless !
 Does n't work at all ... I bought this for my baby but it does n't work!There are spaces that wo n't cover with this cheap-looking sheets ... My husband hates it ! Please ... do n't waste your money on this ...
 This stuff would n't stick to windows or anything else except itself . I threw it in the trash and made some curtains from an old sheet . Thanks Amazon .
 Terrible looking , come on !! I dont have time to spend trying to stick this thing to my window ! Dont buy this trash !
 Long and short of it - I 'm getting my windows professionally tinted tomorrow . This screen just is n't enough for a rear-facing baby , who 's frequently blinded by sun coming through the rear window , and around the edges of this screen . If you have a rear-facing infant and wo n't be in the back seat to monitor the sun on her face , I 'd recommend professional tinting . If you have an older child facing forward and are looking to save money -LRB- $ 4 vs $ 250 -RRB- then this screen is probably a fine place to start . In fact , I would n't be convinced that it 's essential to get my windows tinted if I had n't tried this shade first.But if you are going to use it and want the sun well blocked , you might buy two and cut extra strips to fit around the edges because quite a bit of light comes through around the top and sides of this shade , since it 's not fitted exactly to your windows . It looks ugly , but is n't a bad temporary solution -LRB- e.g. for grandparents having the kids for the summer , or that sort of thing -RRB- .
 You are better off getting the ones with suction cups . These also are dark and hard to see through . They are plastic so they get really hot here in AZ. .
 I usually am so pleased with the quality of Sunshine Kids products . In fact , we own three of their carseats . I purchased this sun shade for our minivan thinking it would be great since the suction sunshades never seem to work for us -LRB- constantly falling down or pulled of windows -RRB- . This product was such a disappointment ! Small , silly piece of removable material that is impossible to even get on without air bubbles . They should be embarrased to charge more than $ 1 for this excuse for a shade ! Do not recommend investing in this .
 I think the trick is in the apolication . Some kind of roller would be nice . You just cant beat the price . Overall a Nice shade , reasonably easy to apply , but can be unsightly if there are air bubbles . Does n't cover whole window unfortunately .
 It takes about 10 minutes to install one of these since it is impossible to get all the air bubbles out . With all the air bubbles and wrinkles it looks terrible .
 I am not happy with this item . I managed to get the first shade to stick on one of my car windows with some difficulty but by the next morning it had fallen off and I could not get it to restick on the window . I had even less luck with the other shade . No matter what I did it would not stick to the window . It was a total waste of money and I would recommend everyone buy something else or not bother . I think I would have had better luck with plastic wrap on my window !
 Bought these to prevent sun spots on my face in the summer months due to my long commute . These offer good coverage -LRB- without affecting visibility -RRB- compared to the typical screens and a good alternative to permanent tinting , which is n't allowed for the front windows in my area for some reason . I use a squeegee to apply with minimal bubbles . The hard part is the plastic material is stretchy so it 's hard to get straight . Also , I did n't realize these were primarily made for rear-door windows . The square shape make it difficult to fit the slanted front windows -LRB- without trimming -RRB- . Plus , the package tell you not to scroll down the window once it 's on , though it is thin enough to do so if you 're careful . Very disappointed by that.All in all , these are n't a bad deal , at this price . They offer great protection and are easy enough to move around in case you get stopped by cops . No idea yet how well the material will stand up over time , with the summer heat . -------------------------------- 2 months later
 There 's no doubt that this shade blocks sun , it is just frustrating to install . Getting it straight is a challenge in itself , then getting all of the bubbles out just maikes it frustrating . I ended up going with the Britaz EZ-Cling Sun Shades . Simple to install and just as effective .
 Well , I know I paid less than $ 10 for this product . I placed it on my windshield based on the instructions provided and there were air bubbles everywhere . It 's really sticky so you must be extremely careful as to not damage the cheap plastic . It 's almost impossible to get rid of those air bubbles . I drove my vehicle for about 2 weeks with it on . You can see outside but it 's very difficult for others to see inside unless they look very closely . Which , I really liked . . I had to take it off because I drive a nice sleek car but seeing a piece of plastic with air bubbles , made my car look cheap .
 Not very happy . Did n't stick well , stay on well , or block the whole window . Spend a few more bucks on a better item .
 This shade is easy to install but is much darker than I would expect . We installed this on the driver 's side rear window for our little one . And while it keeps the sun out of his eyes - it almost completely blocks the ability to look through that window when backing up or lane changing . We installed a different shade that allowed for easier outward viewing .
 It 's very difficult to put this product on without any bubbles . I simply do n't have the patience to adjust and readjust . That being said , it did serve it 's purpose , and that 's reducing the amount of sun that gets to my son , but my biggest problem with it is that it is very dark . I read the reviews of others , and thought I would be able to handle the darkness . It was only installed on the back driver side window . But after driving with it for a few days , i found myself checking and re-checking my blind spot . Maybe it just takes getting used to ... but I 've since removed it . Also , it is tacky looking , but I can get over that as long as it works .
 Hard to stick to windows . Looks really cheap with a lot of bubbles . Too small to cover windows effectively . Fortunately I found a much better product from Kmart .
 Do n't waste your time or money on these things . It 's impossible to not get bubbles in them and if you take them off the window and try to reapply the bubbles only get worse .
 Very difficult to put on window without significant bubbles since windows are slightly curved . Looks cheap . Bought two packages . End up throwing them away .
 I had 195000miles on my stock bilstein shocks when i installed theese . the ride quality was better before i started . it seems to be harsh over small bumps and ok offroad and i do mean offroad not some dirt trail . i woud not use theese again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 Argh , we bought these expecting to get the multi-pack as pictured.Instead we were sent a loose roll from an open package !
 The item was supposed too be Dorman part # 615-301 -LRB- got part # 615-301 -RRB- which is for the Vortec 4.3 L W code but instead I got a lower intake for the Vortec 5.7 L. Not very pleased especially after I got stuck paying for the return shipping too get a credit . -LRB- minus the shipping costs -RRB- The links in the product search need too be checked closer too assure accurate product . I will say that the actual part I received was extremely well packaged and came with all the accessories for a hassle free install which ios typical of Dorman Products .
 The floormats are not a good fit in the front floor boards . Neither side fits like the manufacturers mats and they are not cut as seen in the picture . If you want something that is a meg shift fit , then these are for you .
 I replaced my fuel pump with this product . After about two hours of run time we stalled out , the boat was not getting fuel . We had to be towed by sea tow . The diaphragm inside the unit was deformed and cracked . I tried to return the product but never heard back from them . I had to dispute the charges with my CC company . I ended up purchasing a mallory pump locally . I 've had no issues since replacing with a mallory . The mallory locally did cost a bit more .
 I had a problem with the first pump sent it back and the second did the same thing . I contacted Sierra and they said there was a manufacturing problem with this pump and to return and get buy one from a dealer . Sierra was very responsive and apologized for any problems we had.Amazon refunded all of my money including shipping . Amazon is a wonderful company to deal with !!!!!
 Took off my old fuel pump ... mounted this one , followed instructions exactly . Boat would not start without starting fluid ... we did a pressure test and was not flowing fuel ... would only allow some through from the vaccum of the engine by revving the boat up ... no idle at all.I by passed the unit and wired in an electric fuel pump ... turned the key and she idles like a dream now ... too bad i bought this in the off season and sat on it thinking it was a working product ... lost 2 weeks of boating because of it.Maybe your experience will be different ... mine was bad !
 Unfortunately , I did not heed the warning of the prior review . I thought maybe his experience was a fluke . Anyway , bought the pump , installed it , it worked for idle speed and then failed when revving to 2800 rpm . Took boat to a pro boat mechanic . He ran a pressure test on the pump . The new pump was bad . Am returning it for refund . Not sure if this is truly a genuine Sierra part or if Sierra parts are just junk . There were no markings on the pump itself nor on the instructions nor on the box it came in to indicate who it was made by . The only indication of where it was made was a sticker that said made in Taiwan R.O.C. . The box label said assembled in the United States . Very disappointing and wasteful of time and effort .
 The quality of construction of these gaskets was fairly lame . They did the job but just.The outer layers of metal were well separating from each other when the arrived , but I figuredonce they were clamped down between the head the exhaust pipe , the sandwich of material wouldbe held together okay . Price was cheap so you get what you pay for , right ?
 I often prefer to shop with Amazon when compared to other online alternatives , however for this item , I was quite disappointed that Amazon does not include an adequate description of the item . Specifically it is difficult to confirm exactly what is included with this purchase because the generic description provided for both the front and back seats . Since I wanted to only purchase front seats , it was too difficult to confirm which one to purchase , so I found it elsewhere online . Too bad , Amazon missed out on my business this time . The lack of a phone number to call and confirm product details also does not bode well for Amazon .
 I received the unit and immediately followed the charging directions . I then disconnected it and in no more than two weeks needed to use it . I could n't because the charge was right back to the initial setting . I leave it charging all the time now .
 This unit started out well , I used it for jump starting the atv and lawn mower . It did not last long however . The fan started running all the time . This would wear down the battery . Keeping it plugged in all the time meant running the fan all the time . Eventually I unplugged it and left it for junk . I suggest you stay away from this one and this company .
 This company is terrible . I bought this and the battery took a dump less than 2weeks after the 90 days . So the ends up being about $ 10 per use . The `` customer service '' response was I get to pay to send it in at my expense but if it 's the battery they will send it back and now im out the purchase and the shipping . I opened it up and tested the junk ahem ... sorry the battery and it is totally dead . Dont waste your money .
 If you buy this product , watch out for one very strange quirk
 I purchased 2 of these , one got plugged in and the other put into a closet for future use . The one I plugged in after 3 days became extremely hot and smelled up our entire building like rotten eggs . My initial thought was we over charged it until I read the label that says `` keep plugged in , it can not be over charged . '' Now Schumacher , National Tool Warehouse and Amazon tell me it is my responsibility to pay to ship it back for replacement ... and I never used . Buyer beware
 Purchase Sep 13 2012 , Put in use after the 24 hr charge time etc. . Sep 20 , 2012 . Failed completely 27 Dec 2012 . After 1hr on the phone 2 Jan 2012 figured out wasting my time with their customer service . Took it apart and found the one year warranty is useless as the battery they install in the &#34; PRO &#34; . series tool . It has a 90day warranty and you get to pay frieght . Guess im buying a different one tomorrow . Ca n't see buying a $ 55 dollar battery every 90days and paying frieght and the time it takes to get it apart .
 WAS N'T TO IMPRESSED , PLUGGED IT IN TO CHARGE IT 'S 1ST 36 HOURS , THEN GO TO USE IT AN IT DOES N'T WORK . HAD TO SEND IT IN FOR REPIAR OR REPLACEMENT WE 'LL SEE HOW THAT WORKS OUT .
 Upon receiving the battery pack I scanned the instructions for fifteen minutes trying to figure out what I was supposed to use to `` immediately charge unit for 36 hours straight '' until i found , in very small print in the middle of a dense paragraph , a notation that said the unit does NOT come with the SPECIALIZED extension cord required to charge it . It 's completely useless without it . Not only that , but the type of socket that would fit the unit -LRB- it has a two-prong male receptor recessed into a narrowly fitted alcove -RRB- would have to be a VERY streamlined female receptor the likes of which I have never come across in a hardware store.This is completely obnoxious . I will NEVER purchase another Schumacher product again after a stunt like this .
 After one use , and 97 days after purchase , the jump pack began beeping - four beeps every five minutes . The manual says this is because the jump pack has been connected to a battery for more than five minutes . Except it is n't - it 's in the basement , and the clamps are in their compartments.In addition , the fan runs continuously , and the display button does nothing , whether the switch is in the ` OFF ' or the ' 12V ' position.After reading the limited warranty and the other one-star reviews here , this unit is going to the dump .
 Maybe , I just got a bad one . But after a day or so the display indicated battery bad . For what ever reason , I did not have good luck with this product . I called amazon to return it . They reversed the charges and told me to keep it because it was a hazardous product and could not be returned . Amazon came through and did the right thing . As always .
 horrible customer service , had to ship back to manufacturer and wait 3 weeks for replacement unit buy something else
 I bought this jumper before I open my automotive repair shop . To some delay with my building , I open my shop after one month , after this jumper arrived from amazon . I charged it for more then 36 hours , as instructed . the battery in the jumper was completely dead , would not hold a charge . was a wast of money . I throwen out the box , so it was very hard to contact the manufacture for warranty .
 This lights look great and perform very well , but I have already had two glass lenses crack on me . They just seem to be prone to cracking -LRB- from heat -RRB- . I even had the clear plastic rock guards on them the second time . You end up wasting money on replacing the lenses , get better lights right away .
 I GOT THESE LAMPS ALONG ALONG WITH THE FLOOD LAMPS . THE FOG LAMPS CRACKED WHILE DRIVING ON A RAINY NIGHT . BAD QUALITY LAMPS . RESTRAIN FROM BUYING THESE .
 worked for 4 months then the clutch burned - up . Piece of junk , emailed seller about warranty and got no replyStill unresolved , company does n't appear to have very good record keeping , they sold this as `` new '' but its notits either rebuilt , reconditioned or a cleaned up used compressor - do n't be suckered into cheap prices-you do n't get what you pay for .
 This item is advertised in inches but it only measures by the metric system . Do n't buy it unless you want to convert all of your measurements each time you use it .
 NOTHING like described in the picture . Only received 1 back rest cover and some other cover for what else I do not know ! About the size of a steering wheel cover . Very disappointed and description is very misleading . My first ever return to Amazon .
 Not at all what i was expecting . Very deceiving photo . It is just one seat cover . Not what I was expecting from the title custom !
 I have two of these drills , bought solely because I had an emergency away from home which required the use of a drill to construct something . They were the cheapest drills I could find , at under $ 20 each at AutoZone . Even following the manufacturer 's instructions , and charging the battery for 3 to 5 hours , the runtime was very disappointing . To make matters worse , neither battery pack would hold a full charge for 24 hours ; they were both charged for 5 hours on the evening of the day that they were purchased , and neither had enough charge remaining to do anything useful the following afternoon . My old Bosch 12V drill produced a lot more torque and worked far longer on a charge , and the battery still had plenty of juice even if it had been a week since it last had been in the charger.As a light-duty unit for use when you need neither instant performance nor a long runtime , the Great Neck might be tolerable . If you need a drill that you can reliably expect to pick up and use right away when it was last charged a week ago , buy something else . This one 's not likely to do it for you .
 This product did nothing for me , I followed the instructions and let it set but still did not clean the tank
 The Motocraft FT113 Automatic Transmission Filter Kit is not a kit at all . It only comes with the filter . If you plan to drop the pan and perform a transmission filter change , you will need to also order a gasket separately . For the price , it seems there are alternatives that include the gasket and are actual kits as opposed to just a filter in a box . Very misleading product description .
 We used this lock on our motorcycle trailer , and our trailer was stolen the first time we used it . The police said that the suspects in the area spray freon on these and they just snap with the hit of a hammer . The lock gives no protection from theft .
 Gave all appearences of a good lock and bought two . But , strong pulling pressure and a simple twist and the body and shaft separate and come apart . No key needed to open . Complete failure as a lock .
 I returned the first package because it was missing half the parts and the tube of lube ... . The replacement Amazon sent was missing parts & the lube too . Only enough parts for one wheel & no lube.Sent the second package back for a refund.The product photo clearly shows enough parts for two wheels & a tube of brake lube , and states it is a `` kit '' . -LRB- Nothing saying you must purchase TWO `` kits '' per vehicle , at 2x the cost . -RRB- Maybe someone in the packing room dose n't understand that , or has even looked inside the Raybestos box to see what they are shipping ? Or is it false advertising ? ... . Anyway it would certainly upset anyone waiting on these parts to complete a brake job to only get half the parts needed!Thank you to Amazon to making it super easy for their returns , -LRB- first time was a replacement , which came super fast ! ... 2nd time I 've asked for a refund -RRB- ... Now to see how the refund goes ... hopefully they will handle that as smoothly as they do the rest of their operation !!! :-RRB- .
 I bought one of these from a different vendor . I think it was Amazon and the price was less than $ 50 . I installed it on a motorcycle and it worked for 2 hours . One of the pins on the bulb broke off - seemed to be defective as it could n't handle the vibration of a few hours of driving . Anyways the bulb is a sealed unit and costs $ 40 . I should have returned the whole thing to Amazon but I initially thought they would balk at replacing a bulb . My feeling is it is a bad deal when it costs nearly as much to replace the bulb as buying new . I have PIAA 2000 's on another vehicle which use H3 bulbs . The PIAA H3 bulbs are expensive at $ 20 a piece but there are at least cheaper options . PIAAs are usually nice but these are just no good when you have to pay $ 40 when the bulb blows out . At that price the housings should be called disposable .
 Junk Junk Junk Ripoff!Hand tightening nut plastic broke off the first time I tightened it . It takes 2 men & 3 boys toget the saw in the protector then in the bracket . If you want to throw away money buy this item .1 star for fast shipping .
 Despite the name of this product including the word `` kit '' , note that it has ONLY the filter and no pan gasket .
 Mine arrived hard as a rock . It was old stock . I bought it the second time in an actual store so I could feel the tube to see if it was dried up before buying it .
 ORDERED THESE SHOCK AND WHEN I GOT THEM THEY LOOKED LIKE THEY HAD BEEN PUT INTO A VICE BECAUSE THEY WERE ALL BENT UP , NOT WORTH THE MONEY AND TO SOFT OF A RIDE .
 used the seller 's site to pick up the mirror . The mirror came in a timely fashion however it did not fit . I contact the seller and asked him how do we remedy the situation ; to date the seller has not been back with a proper resolution . A proper resolution would be replacing the wrong mirror with the right mirror.I am still waiting for the seller to reply .
 I really thought that people were overstating just how bad this thing is . I wish I would have listened . It really is just a piece of cheap plastic with some black and chrome paint , the double sided tape used to affix it to the car is kind of small was not placed in the middle so the left noodles are visibly apart from the car and I 'm worried will pose a tempting target for someone bored and/or stupid enough to rip it off .
 i was super excited to put this on my car . I put it on it and I was very disappointed that it did not stay stuck to my car . I have now purchased strong adhesive tape with hopes I can still put it on my car . Disappointed
 This is expensive for a piece of plastic with a little sticky stuff on the back . I got a response from the seller asking what they could do to let me know just exactly what the product was composed of . They told me that bad reviews hurt their ratings . The product was described accurately -- but I think adding that it 's an overpriced but cute piece of junk that would work better stuck on a refridgerator might help .
 I like spaghetti and all , to eat of course . But I prefer a Jesus fish on my car :-RRB- God bless .
 Well I really ca n't review this because I never got it . even after I sent email to Amazon telling them that I did not get it . I got no response . So what I will say is ... do n't buy from Amazon
 The whole premise is pure intolerance . This is not an emblem intended to reflect the genuine beliefs of the owner -LRB- after all , they do n't REALLY believe in a Flying Spaghetti Monster -RRB- , rather , the sole purpose is to to belittle the deeply held beliefs of others . Typical liberal `` tolerance '' - wherein others must respect lib ideology , but libs do NOT have to practice tolerance themselves .
 The emblem looks great -LRB- although it seems a little large -RRB- , but is a bit pricey for something that is a -RRB- lightweight plastic and b -RRB- very likely to fall off my car and disappear
 Basically , I stuck this baby to the rear of my car , only to find less than a day later that it had fallen off sometime over the course of a leisurely drive to and from a friends house . There goes $ 10 I 'll probably never see again -- and I was so looking forward to the angry stares of drivers behind me ...
 This would be fine at half the price , but $ 10 is quite steep for flimsy plastic . At least it looks fine from a distance .
 This is larger than you would expect and is made of cheap plastic , if it were a little smaller I would have put it on my car but it looks stupid at this size .
 Light output is very good , nice beam pattern . However the plastic lens is fragile . I have had them installed for a year and have twice been taken out by highway pebbles . I am about to yank them out and look for something mOre solid .
 I ca n't figure out which side of the tape is the fiberglass side and which is the `` smooth '' side .
 This is a really nice looking toneau cover when installed . the problem comes when you need to remove it to actually use your truck for hauling something bigger . I have had this installed for a month and had to remove it twice to haul bigger items . It is supposed to be a simple process , just raise it up and out of the front mount . `` DO N'T BELIEVE IT '' ! Both times I had to completly remove the front mounting brackets to get it off the truck and the cross braces are so loose that they fall out while trying to remove or install it . its just a bear to deal with , especially with only one person . I bought an Extang cover for my last truck and it worked perfect every time . the cross braces more heavy duty and hold tight to the cover for removal as apposed to the Lund . The shock absorber that holds the cover up on the lund has no place to stow it when you remove it from the truck so they just dangle and try to scratch your truck . The Extang on the other hand had a place to stow is to keep it out of the way and one person could easily remove it in about 30 seconds and then install it in about the same amount of time . last night I spent about 30 minutes to remove and install the Lund . If you are going to install it and never use your truck to haul anything then this would be fine . I am going to try and sell mine and pay the extra money for the Extang , it is a far far better product !!!
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 I think this bumper sticker is funny . Only bad thing is it does n't Stick very well to the bumper !! Might be better off taping it into your back window.It stuck alright on the bumper until it rained ! But it 's still alright .
 The quality would have been fine ; however , the hard hard mirror shell would not snap into the soft plastic backing . It appears that the soft plastic either shrunk or was molded to the wrong dimension . A waste of my time . Fortunately , Amazon made the return process fairly easy .
 For the price this stuff should work great . And , for those doubters , I have a great buffing machine , a DeWalt . I also have the proper foam for each tyoe . I have used other products that work just as well or better for a fraction of the price . I got this product and the Ultrafine polish as well . Used one after the other , and I 'm disappointed .
 There is a reason why Walker says to replace all parts if current exhaust system is welded . It 's because this muffler is not a direct replacement for the original muffler . It 's 2 '' shorter and the inlet and outlet are placed off-center , unlike the centered inlet and outlet on the original muffler . Not only ca n't you reuse a good exhaust pipe and/or tail pipe from your original system but in the future if any component of the newly replaced complete system fails you are either going to have to replace the entire system , again , or have to use another Walker component only .
 Installed it , and the little compressor fell apart after about 4 weeks . Was past my return date , so I was stuck with it . Makes a great paperweight !
 I have bought an installed 3 FIAMM horn sets in as many years . I have had the 2 and 3 trumpet types over the last 3 years . I love the sound they produce and are great for making `` Radical Arrogant pedal pushers '' crap themselves ! However , the compressors are so cheaply designed and made with poor materials that they only last less than a year . FIAMM 's produce a great sound but like many things today , they are short lived . I have heard that the `` HELLA '' trumpets have a much better built compressor ? I will surely have an oppurtunity to test them soon ? I just wish they had a directional turret to give the best effect ?!
 My 1998 -LRB- mint condition -RRB- Accord EX V6 needed new driver side lower ball joints and control arm so I decided to give AC Delco a try for the ball joints . After my mechanic -LRB- who I have trusted for many years -RRB- installed it I noticed a persistent clunking sound whenever I made a hard left or left U-turn . When I brought it back to my mechanic we noticed that the ball joint 's base was thicker than the original and was coming in contact with my CV joint -LRB- and has worn it down significantly -RRB- whenever I had my wheel turned fully to the left . He kindly replaced the metal clamp on my CV joint but the noise still persists . I will probably consider original parts in the future . Best advice for all is to find a trustworthy mechanic -LRB- this takes knowledge , patience , and luck -RRB- and ask him/her which parts can be after market versus which parts should be original .
 The seller was reliable and honest , but this is not a silencer , it does absolutely nothing for silencing and it was a waste . If you want a quieter exhaust buy a different muffler .
 It doesnt come close to 3000 cfm . They carefully word it `` up to 3000 cfm '' . Up to must mean about 1000 cfm . I would recommend you spend your money elsewhere . I dont usually review but when I feel this ripped off I have to say something .
 I bought this fan to replace a defective electric fan . I picked this one for it 's compact size and cfm rating . While it does work and keeps the truck cool , it does not seem to provide the advertised cfm nor is it as quiet as claimed .
 I had high expectations for this product but I was soon disappointed.It left my lounge all waxy/sticky to the point where I just do n't like sitting on it on a warm day anymore as I feel like someone is ripping scotchtape off my thighs . I was going to give it a try in my car - but I am very reluctant to now for fear of ruining that too.I 've used competitive products in the past with very good results -LRB- I ran out -RRB- but this stuff is nothing like that . There 's also no real instructions to go by -LRB- ie , what order to apply the conditioner and the protection cream.The UV protector says to spray on and leave it - well did that , and it left water drop marks on the lounge -LRB- luckily I only tried the back -RRB- - not to mention I can now skate on my carpet because it is as slippery as ice now -LRB- due to over-spray -RRB- . Again - bottle never mentioned this , though the overspray was probably more my fault for not taking the right precautions.It is an expensive product -LRB- $ 60 -RRB- for what you get . I really did wanted this stuff to work . Their website was really praising it but it just did not meet my demand.I am wondering if I can get a refund ... and a new lounge ?
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 I had high hopes for this leather ink remover . My son written pen marks on my parents nice leather couches -LRB- not suede , just a high quality leather -RRB- . This product simply did n't live up to what it claims . It did work in my car for some light pen marks though , so I gave it two stars for that .
 After changing all 5 engine mounts on my Civic I 'm getting more vibrations than with the old , cracked , 14-year old OEM mounts . Seems like the Rear Left Upper is the worst one . Also some of the bolt holes are drilled in the wrong places -LRB- around 1/8 inch off -RRB- . Just cheap Asian made parts . The price was good but I 'll have to replace them again with the good staff . I will never purchase the Anchor brand again .
 As you can see from some of the other reviews there are problems with the sidebar on this product . The first clue was the packaging had no markings whatsoever . I contacted both a locksmith and a GM dealer and they both said this is not a genuine AC Delco product or an AC Delco affiliate ! I would not recommend this item to anyone .
 My Girlfriend 's ignition lock cylinder got stuck one night , and she could n't turn it to start the car . I researched a lot and found it could possibly be a stuck sidebar , which keeps the ignition from turning unless it is pushed in fully -LRB- the key pushes the wafers down and allows the sidebar to slide into grooves in the wafers -RRB- . Because it was sticking , I had to drill a small hole and use a small nail to push the sidebar in , which dislodged the stuck sidebar and allowed her to use the car . A few days later , it got stuck running and would not shut off . I ordered this part from amazon with 2 day shipping . As always , amazon shipping was prompt.We keyed the ignition to her key without much problem , but the new ignition would get stuck after a few turns . I removed the wafers and made certain they matched the previous ignition . All was correct , so I reassembled it . I probably removed the lock from the cylinder 10 or more times and tried to get it to work . The problem seemed to be that the sidebar was sticking out a little too far to allow the key to turn.I ended up biting the bullet and just shaving the sidebar down with a grinder . The ignition would turn just fine after shaving the sidebar down , but I could have done that to the original one and saved the $ 82 bucks . Did n't have time to send it back and get another because she needed the car . Installed in the car 2 weeks ago and she has n't had a problem since .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 This mat is advertised as a `` custom fit '' . That is a false description . It is not a `` molded '' fit . It simply fits the area of the shape of the dash . It also did not come with any fastening devices .
 bought some brake pads , they say it fits porsche cayenne 2008 base model ! but it doesnt ! im very upset with this seller
 I used this product on an Ikea pigmented/finshed leather couch and it did not condition it at all . The couch started to crack and peel after a few months of use after applying this product . There were no signs of cracking or peeling before . I think , this product may have hastened it by actually drying the leather . I 'd stick to a real leather conditioner than this all-in-one cleaner/conditoner . Why still the two stars ? To be fair , I never used it for car leather upholstery , for which it is targetted for .
 I was hoping this was like one of those keychains that that twists and you could add keys easily . -LRB- I have one from Toyota -RRB- . But this was just a normal keychain . Plus , after a few months it tarnished and the metal scratched off easy . Not really worth the money in my opinion .
 The wheel covers arrived quickly and intact . However , I discovered after unpacking them that they were fake and made of plastic , with fake decorative lug nuts . Nothing in the description indicated that they were anything but real wheel covers . We snapped them on and they look okay , but they crack easily . I would not purchase again .
 This hose assembly did not fit my 1979 Chev C/10 pick up with the Radial R4 compressor , it looks like it would fit one with an A6 type compressor . What i had to do in order to make it fit was to carefully re bend the aluminum tubing very carefully to make it fit . It is working on my truck but , its not the correct hose . I was very disappointed with this error but had to make it fit or I would stuck without the a/c .
 The Pilot neon underbody kit is nothing but a defective product . I ordered a set for a Toyota Tacoma , and the two 48 '' tubes in the set would not light ! I returned to the store for replacement , and the 2nd set that arrived also had one 48 '' tube that would not light ! The store now has two junk Pilot sets to ship back , and has refunded my money . It is doubtful based on garbage out of the box that these lights would last for more than a few days should they past the test lighting before install . Do n't waste your time on this crappy product . I 'll be shopping for something more reliable from a better manufacturer !
 The local stores did not have a blade that fit the rear window for a Hummer H3 . Bought this based on the Amazon auto part selection saying this one would work . First with the tire , the opening is too small to get in because the blade ca n't be angled enough . After overcoming that , the blade does n't lock into the wiper bar - tab too wide . Wo n't try this brand again .
 Despite consulting 2 different auto consumer sites . . each recommending the exact same wipers for my 2007 Saturn Aura . . and despite attempts by 2 different professional auto mechanics . . these wipers were impossible to install and were returned .
 Amazon recommended a wiper blade shorter than the originally installed blade . I went with the originally installed length . The orginal blade connector is offset -LRB- which I did not notice before and which is apparently why Amazon recommended a shorter blade , -RRB- therefore none of the blades will fit correctly . The recommended blade does not clean a big enough space while the orginal length contacts the passenger side blade making a noise during operation . Not sure what the fix is but this blade is not satisfactory for the 2012 Infiniti M37X .
 It was easy to install , did n't streak . It was on the car for ~ 45 days , when I went through a car wash . When I drove slowly through the dryer . It pulled it right off !!! And what 's worse is the Hurricane Isaac rains are hitting MO tomorrow , so I have to run around town 2 hours before stores close to find a new one .
 I purchased two of these wipers . The instructions included show how the different adapters are used to mate the wiper to the wiper arm . The adapter I need for my vehicle is shown in the instructions but is not included so I could not install these wipers . Also , the instruction pictorials are not very clear or accurate .
 This was the right size for my car , but it did not fit and could not be used . The passinger side worked fine . It must be defective .
 Buyer beware ! this item is advertised to fit a 2008 Nissan Altima ! It does not ; do n't waste your money !
 Despite using the drop down menus on the product page this was the wrong size for my car . Had to buy another brand of wiper from Autozone and it worked fine . The passenger wiper fit and works great .
 I ordered the the wipers and they were shipped to me on Jan 7 . 2010 . They were delivered on Jan 14 2010 . I installed them on my truck on Jan 29 , 2010 . I washed my truck today and noticed the rubber had already seperated from the wiper . When I checked I am out of the time frame to return them for replacement . Save your money and go buy a cheap set . They would last longer than these wipers do .
 Wipers came fast and excited to put on car . Only problem packed in over large box that was crushed and one of the blades was damaged . Nice return policy but problem could have easily been avoided and my delay with proper packaging .
 I bought these because I heard they are streakless and last for a long time . The driver side one lasted a few weeks before I started having streaks . I drive a 08 Honda Accord and after 2 months now , the wipers do not clean 100 % without leaving huge streaks . I have spray the water profusely for a simple cleaning . After wiping countless times though , my window is clean without streaks , but I am not satisfied and will not purchase again .
 When I tried to install this wiper blade , I applied very little force , but the plastic connector broke . I have experience with car repairs , and doubt this result can be attributed to lack of skill .
 Like many others , I have been in an ongoing search to find the `` perfect '' wiper blades . I guess they do n't exist!I installed a new pair of these blades before we took a 300-mile driving trip to Minnesota . On the way , we drove through rain , sleet , and snow . The temperature was in the 30s the whole way -LRB- never below freezing -RRB- . The blades chattered and streaked . Yes , I did install them properly . These blades are not listed as `` summer-only '' so I assume they were designed to work in cold weather . For us , they did not.So , it 's back to the drawing board . I have used Bosch blades in the past . They are OK . I will also be trying some Rain-X .
 I bought 4 of these blades of various lengths -LRB- 20 , -LSB- 2 -RSB- 22s , and a 24 -RRB- . Most -LRB- not all , mind you -RRB- of them smear already . I would n't recommend this blade , and definitely would not buy again . I bought due to the other overall good reviews , and the fact that at one point in time , Consumer Reports also recommended them . Considering several of these blades smear already , either Amazon sells blades that have a really old manufacture date and the rubber has worn out , or the product is n't up to par . I 'm not sure which since I had a similar experience with some Rain-X blades too -LRB- also purchased from Amazon -RRB- .
 I decided to try this out because Consumer report says that this is the best . To my surprise , the plastic assy can not possibly fit into my `` hook '' assy -LRB- windshield hardware side -RRB- . This is a terrible design flaw.Needless to say , I have to return this .
 The wiper was assembled backward at the plant with the tabs that hold the wiper to the blade on teh wrong end of the blade assembly . Had to take the wiper apart and reverse it to get it to fit in the wiper housing on my Porsche Cayenne S.Once reassembled it works poorly as there is a good 3 inches of the wiper that do not make clear contact with the glass.I called customer service and they were n't helpful.My experience in this case was that Valeo could n't assemble their own wiper properly and then when contacted did n't care that they blew it . Wo n't buy another Valeo product .
 These did not work properly from Day 1 . I should have just bought the cheaper blade refills at Wal Mart .
 I 'm posting a picture of these wipers leaving streaks behind on the FIRST use.They are awful . I 'm sticking with Honda OEM blades from now on .
 Worst wiper blades I 've ever bought . Consumer Reports lead me wrong ! Replacing after only a couple of months of use . Bad streaking , incomplete wiping .
 i thinki ver payed for this wiper . it doesnt seem to work any better than stock wipers.this one in particular came bent , i didnt feel like taking the time to send it back because it was raining and i needed it so , i played with it and bent it to the point where it was useable . never buying these and from this company again . Im gon na try rain X in about 6 months ,
 They did not last 4 months the mounting point snapped off first ice event . This was my third set of new style blades . First ones that this happened to . THEY DO NOT compare in quality to any other blades . Store out of Bosch , I tried new top of the line Rain ex and could not get a positive lock with them I ended up with cheaper Michelin on driver side it cleans as well as the EXPENSIVE poorly made Valeos
 I 've owned these for about a month now . Unfortunately , I had to return them for a full refund just two days ago.The wiper blades worked perfectly when I first installed them . Installation was a breeze , took about a minute to install both . Simple tug and snap on.A few days after the install the driver side started creating streaks while the passenger side was perfect . I tried cleaning out the driver blade to no avail , I even returned it for a replacement blade and I still experienced the same streak.The blades got so bad that they had long streaks from one end of my glass to the other end which would n't come off with normal washer fluid . I had to wipe it off with a towel otherwise it would sit there . Both blades started doing this about a week ago.So as I said in the beginning , I returned these and then I purchased Valeo 900 blades , so far they 're working even better than these 600 's . My windows are squeaky clean .
 I am disappointed with the Valeo wipers . They were expensive and have failed to deliver better performance than the cheaper wipers . In fact , they began to streak noticibly on two of the three vehicles that I installed them on , after only one month of use . Do n't waste your money ; get the cheaper wipers and refils ...
 Valeo Wiper DO NOT come with adapter pins . First wiper blade I 've purchased that does not come with adapters - SAVE OLD ADAPTERS ! No where on the package does it say NO WIPER ADAPTERS , SAVE OLD ADAPTER .
 I installed two brand new Valeo wiper blades on my 2001 MDX in June . We do not get much rain in CO so I have only recently gauged how they work . The answer is poorly ; they streak like year old blades . The driver 's side blade is so bad it obscures vision , the passenger side blade is ok but NOT like a new blade should be . I bought these based on the recommendation of a certain consumer magazine and I am very disappointed . I decided to call Valeo for help . I followed their three or so prompts only to be `` transferred to an agent '' which actually meant get hung up on . I tried several times to no avail so I finally sent an e-mail . I am still waiting on a response .
 I bought these wiper blades because they were recommended by Consumer Reports , and I have had good luck with Consumer Reports - not anymore!Both of the 24 '' blades , for our Corolla and Rav4 , were streaky from the first moment used . At least they were silent , but the streaks are bad - worse on the Corolla . I would recommend going to an auto parts store for something like this , instead of ordering on-line . Lesson learned .
 Bought 3 of these blades . The passenger side and rear blade work great but the 26 '' blade is worthless on my CRV . About 1/2 the blade makes contact with the windshield and the other 1/2 does n't touch the glass . Unless a product truly fails , I do n't write a negative review . This blade was a complete failure .
 Great wiper for rain but not good for winter use . Iced up and the efficiency dropped to a very low level .
 I purchased this product roughly four months ago for my '05 Accord . The blades install very easily and are very quiet . For the first two months , I had zero problems and was very pleased with the purchase . Drove to Florida for a wedding and ran through an intense rain storm that lasted well over two hours . The blades worked well for the first hour and started accumulating some soft of residue on the windshield . It built up considerably and took quite a bit of effort to remove just a few days later . The quick deterioration has now led to problems with effectively clearing water in some areas of the windshield . These same areas where it leaves streaks -LRB- or simply seems to pull away from the glass entirely -RRB- is in the same areas where the residue occurred just days prior . Now going on five months of use and the same spots have only gotten larger . They are still quiet and the other areas of the glass are clean as a whistle but these wipers did not last as long as they should have and I will not repurchase this brand in the future .
 The plastic clip broke off completely when I tried to attach with only the slightest force . I went with the Rain-X instead and could n't be happier .
 wipers worked well , untill one of the clips that secures it to the wiper arm broke . It only took two weeks to find a weak link on these wipers . luckily I put electrical tape on it and got it to stay put . hope others have better luck than I did !
 These wiper blades are as they stated and are quiet , streak free and seem to last . I have them on 3 cars . My third car is a Toyota Venza . The recommended wiper blade -LRB- 600-28 -RRB- does not fit this car . The adapter is too thick and is too long to fit into the bracket . Other then this one vehicle these blades are worth the money .
 These were a disappointment . Consumer Reports rated them highly , so I bought them . They worked fine when new , but they needed replacement in less than a year . That 's much faster than any I can remember . I 'm trying the Goodyear Blades I picked up at Costco now .
 I was disappointed with these wiper blades . They worked fine when they were brand new , but quickly started streaking and needed to be replaced after about 3 months . This was during the spring/summer , so cold weather was not the cause .
 When using the new wipers , it does n't press firmly to the windshield . This causes streaks/smears that sometimes makes visibility worse than not using the wipers . Also , when the wipers hit the apex of each wipe , there is an atypically loud annoying thud . This sound is due to the rubber blade changing position during its initial movement to the other direction . I have never experienced such garbage wipers and am thoroughly disappointed with them . Back they go !
 Bought these in June 2012 for my Honda civic . It is now August 2012 and there 's some streaking with these . To be fair , my previous wipers were Bosch and they had the same issue so perhaps it 's something with my car . Either way , the streaking is n't bad enough to return them but I expected these wipers to last at least 6 months without impairing visibility .
 I feel obliged to submit this review to save future wiper explorers from wasting their money , in hopes of finding the `` perfect '' blade . This ai n't it . I drive a Limo and have tested just about every blade on the market in the past 20 years . Worked fine for 3 rainstorms , and then developed a one inch smear right in front of my eyes , after the rain had stopped . Same on the passenger window only that one was two inches and I had to wipe it clean with Windex . I wo n't recommend another blade , because that is a matter of personal preference . This is just my evaluation . If I had read something like this I would have saved my time and money .
 Save your money ! The wiper is too narrow for the `` hook '' on my car . The cheap plastic ripped . Would not recommend !
 1 star for can not replacing my old wiper with this one . I bought this a while back , carefully selected for my Honda Accord 2008 , but never get a chance to replace it until now and guess what , the area where you attach this wiper to the wiper arm on your car is to narrow . I can not return because the return time frame is expired.So if you own a Honda Accord 2008 be-warned . Bummer !!!
 The 26 '' Valeo Series Wiper blade was the right length and connected in correctly to the wiper arm . Unfortunately it did not contact the windshield fully and left a path of 8-10 '' unwiped . Very disappointed !
 Worked fantastic at first , but only lasted about 3 months , leaves streaks allover and misses alot of water now . Made sure they were still installed right , but they just dont last very long
 After all the good reviews I decided try these . Very disapponted . The first frost and they did n't make contact with the windshield . very noisy too . I will go back to rainx or Bosch .
 I installed these wipers as a replacement for the Silblades I normally use on my Jeep Wrangler . It rained the day after installation , and they performed horrifically.They left a black rubber residue all over my Jeep 's windshield , which of course caused the blades to D-D-D-drag across the surface , the added resistance will eventually cause he windshield wiper 's motor to burn out . Now I 'm going to have to take a razor blade to the windshield to remove the black rubber left on it and purchase new wipers , only after 1 day of use.In the spirit of full disclosure , the Silblades I normally purchase nominally last 3 years ; however , no one had the 13 '' Silblades I needed in stock , so I tried these `` high end blades '' due to the good reviews , now I wish I had simply waited for the Silblades to become available , as I 've just thrown away good $ .
 1 star for can not replacing my old wiper with this one . I bought this a while back , carefully selected for my Honda Accord 2008 , but never get a chance to replace it until now and guess what , the area where you attach this wiper to the wiper arm on your car is to narrow . I can not return because the return time frame is expired.So if you own a Honda Accord 2008 , be-warned !!! Bummer !!!
 on my car 's windshield . I lost one piece while driving in the rain . I do n't know why it came off completely without warning .
 I bought two of wiper , one set for a Honda Ridgeline 2008 and another for a Mitsubishi Galant 2001 , as these were highest regarded in Consumer Reports web site . on both vehicles the wipers leaves a wide stream of water on the windshield on the way down . I left them on for a few weeks but things did n't improve . A total waste !!!
 I 'm not sure how long wiper blades are supposed to last , but after just 7 months we have to replace this one . We 've been using it on our 2006 Toyota Prius and it worked great when it was new-no streaks or squeaking , but now it leaves a bit of a haze on the glass that we find difficult to drive with . I was hoping to get a year out of it ; maybe that was too optimistic ?
 I have been meaning to get to this so here goes . I purchased these wipers for my 2002 Accord after thoughtful research . Please keep in mind that these were installed on a car that is garage kept and rarely sees rain or inclement weather.After a recent rainstorm though my wife mentioned that there was something like sap or glue on the windshield . I had to rub and scrub to remove whatever it was and cleaned the glass and wiper blades very well as it seemed like the substance was stuck on the blades . It was a few months later -LRB- rain -RRB- when the same thing happened again . At that point I realized that the substance was actually the rubber or silicone that the blades are made from . It seemed like they were actually `` melting '' as they dragged along the windshield.I called Valeo directly , not looking for something for free only to inform them of what was happening with their product . The CSR said he had never heard of that and that he would have someone call me back to discuss a possible replacement of discount towards another set . Well they never called back and I have since moved on . Buy yourself either Trico or Anco upper end blades and avoid these `` gummy bear '' blades .
 Have an Altima ? Skip this product . Both Valeo 's site and the tool here on Amazon indicate that this part fits the 2008 Altima driver 's side , but it does n't . The clip on the blade is too large to fit within the hook on the car 's wiper arm -LRB- by several mm -RRB- . I ordered several different Valeo 600 wipers for my vehicles , and had no trouble installing any of the others -LRB- including the Altima passenger 's side -RRB- .
 I ordered this item to replace the rear window wiper blade on my 2004 Honda CR-V . Consumer Reports recommended the Valeo product and , while I had n't had a great experience with Valeo products in the past -- they were difficult to install , and did n't seem especially durable -- I thought I 'd give them another try just in case my earlier experience was a bit of a fluke.According to the manufacturer 's specs on the Amazon web site , the blade should 've fit , but I found it to be too short . -LRB- A 12 '' wiper would 've worked much better , that 's the size Honda recommended in the owner 's manual . -RRB- I also found the product difficult to install , at least compared to my experience with ANCO blades purchased previously.I ended up disposing of the product rather than hassling with returning it . From now on , I intend to stick with the ANCO blades . Consumer Reports likes the ANCO product , just not quite as much as the Valeos , and I 've found they fit properly , are very easy to install , are reasonably durable , and are somewhat less expensive .
 These wipers started out great . But after less than 2 months , they leave streaks and pockets of water on the windshield . I would not recommend them .
 This might well be an excellent wiper but it wo n't fit a 1998 Lexus LS400 even though the site claims it will . I did n't discover this until I tried to fit it . If the original wiper mount has a swivel lock on the upper side of the original blade rather than the conventional clip lock below this can not fit securely as it lacks the upper swivel lock . I guess that Lexus used this mounting system as it is very secure . My advice is buy Lexus blade inserts . It turns out that they are really easy to fit and about the same price as the new blades .
 Hard to install and once installed makes such poor contact with the windshield as to be worthless . Valeo cheaper and works !
 These are expensive wiper blades , I wanted the best I could get on this vehicle . I checked on Amazon 's website to check that they were the right type for my vehicle -LRB- a vehicle as common as they come -RRB- , they were not . They would not fit and could not be installed . I checked the Valeo website , I needed a different bracket , only one type came with the wiper blade and was attached to it . I went to the hardware store bought a pair of blades for a fraction of the price . They took about 15 seconds to install.Thank you Valeo for wasting my time . I wo n't bother looking for your products again . The rating would be zero stars , if that were possible .
 When using the new wipers , it does n't press firmly to the windshield . This causes streaks/smears that sometimes makes visibility worse than not using the wipers . Also , when the wipers hit the apex of each wipe , there is an atypically loud annoying thud . This sound is due to the rubber blade changing position during its initial movement to the other direction . I have never experienced such garbage wipers and am thoroughly disappointed with them . Back they go !
 I was expecting two wipers and two blades for the price , I was so mad sent them back . Why would you ever want to buy just one wiper/blade at a time ? They should be sold in sets of two -LRB- less packaging , less waste -RRB- . Thank you to Amazon for easy return though !
 I bought this item thinking it was a pair of windshield wipers -LRB- who would ever buy 1 windshield wiper ??? -RRB- . Anyway , even though it said it would fit my car -LRB- 2000 Volvo -RRB- , it did not . Returned it immediately and bought a set of wipers offline .
 I was expecting two wipers and two blades for the price , I was so mad sent them back . Why would you ever want to buy just one wiper/blade at a time ? They should be sold in sets of two -LRB- less packaging , less waste -RRB- . Thank you to Amazon for easy return though !
 I was previously using Bosch Icons before on my car and I was really happy with their performance until they wore out after only 4 or 5 months . The Valeo 600 wipers are rated Consumer Reports best value and have had very good reviews so I gave them a try . I 've had them for about a month now and I dont know if they will get better with age but so far not very good . I use 24 '' on the driver side and 20 '' on the passenger side as well as one 20 '' on the rear . The 20 '' wipers seem fine but the 24 '' never wipes clean . It leaves a huge 5 '' wide unwiped streak on my windshield . Maybe these 24 '' dont fit my car very well -LRB- Acura RSX -RRB- . I 'll probably go back to using Icons but it was worth a try considering these are supposed to last a good long time and cost less than half the price of the Icons .
 I bought these wipers because they were top rated by Consumer Reports . The drivers side leaves large streaks . The year old generics that I had before wiped better than these brand new . Very disappointed .
 I purchased this for my 2007 Volvo V50 after verifying that it would fit my vehicle.After receiving the wiper and inspecting it , it is not going to fit into the vehicle 's wiper arm.My wiper arm expects the wiper to have a metal post that snaps into the wiper arm . None of the adapters supplied had this type of fitting . Also the width of the wiper would not fit into the wiper arm housing .
 These wipers were rated high and they may work well on some cars but hot on my 2008 Honda CRV.One wiper is 26 '' long and one 16 `` The 26 '' one does not wipe the entire area . The curve is off.Would suggest just going to a store near you and buy them there . Then if that brand does not fit you can just take them back in the store and pick out another brand.I wish they would not just make in different lengths to fit all cars and hope they work . But acually try them on all cars to make sure they fit .
 What can I say ? I ordered these wipers because I was hoping for something that would keep its quality for a while . Unfortunately , right from the beginning both wipers were far , far worse than my blades at the time that needed to be changed badly . I had streaks all over my windshield , it was ridiculous . I cleaned them and my windshield hoping that would help but there was absolutely no improvement.I decided to replace these with the OEM wipers , and now there are no more streaks ! I am pleased once again that I can see out of my windshield and do n't have to worry about hitting other cars . Seriously . In moderate rain or snow I could barely see out the windshield . That 's how bad they were.I have an 04 Corolla , but that should n't make a difference . I checked to make sure these were compatible with my car and got the right sizes , so I do n't know what the deal is .
 Site said this would work on my Altima Hybrid 2007 . The connector is so much bigger than the other 17 '' wiper blade I purchased on the site . Returned .
 I went through so many reviews for so many wiper blades to get great ones . A number of years ago I bought a pair that had three layers and were great for snow and rain , and I was trying to find something comparable.Of these Valeos , The one that is recommended for the driver 's side completely sucked on my 2000 Celica , although the passenger 's side blade works fine . It was actually hard to tell what was a worse choice when it rained - using it or not using it - because it somehow left a streak of water right in front of my line of vision when it went into the downward position . So it was a constant `` I can see - I ca n't see - I can see - I ca n't see '' , when they were on . Of course , it did n't rain right after I received them , so time went by and I did n't find out about this problem until it was too late to return . So I wasted money and a lot of time on something as basic -LRB- and in 25 years of driving , never as useless -RRB- as a windshield wiper blade .
 This blade does not fit Honda CR-V 2009 . It does not match curvature of the windshield . It presses too much on one side and hangs in the air on another side . The same issue with 26 '' blade for the driver side.Amazon indicates that this blade fits Honda CR-V 2009 if add it to your garage on Amazon . That 's incorrect .
 This blade does not fit Honda CR-V 2009 . It does not match curvature of the windshield . It presses too much on one side and hangs in the air on another side . The same issue with 16 '' blade for the passenger side.Amazon indicates that this blade fits Honda CR-V 2009 if add it to your garage on Amazon . That 's incorrect.Just got Bosch 4826 and it fits perfectly .
 Bought a set of these for my Jag XJS . They were purported to be custom cut but they do not fit the foot well and have to have folds along the edges and are not fitted like originals are.Trying to make contact to anyone that cares or could do anything is impossible.Will be returning these and will get a proper set.I wonder if any other vehicles have the same issues , but seems that for my Jag , their template was off .
 Bought the front and rear center mounts for my 96 Nissan Altima , both made by Anchor and in less than a year , both are torn at the rubber .
 First of all the packaging arrived already opened . Bolts and nuts are missing . Most importantly , the platform was advertised as 20 '' x 60 '' . The platform is actually only 45 '' . Off by 15 '' is a lot !! Return shipping would be a ton , so am I stuck holding the bag for false advertising ?
 I saw another reviewer with the same issue , but figured other people would make the same complaint if it were the case . Yet it is
 Not worth a darn for anything . IN face , if you are not careful and you pick up a speck of dirt it will scratch your pain job . I strongly recommend AGAINST buying this item .
 I loved this product when I first got it . It helped me out of at least 2 jams where I did n't have to beg people to help . Always kept it well charged and everything , but after 3 months it just stopped charging . I got stuck in a parking garage because it just would n't work or charge up . What a waste ! If you want something dependable , get jumper cables or buy a backuup battery from a different brand .
 My husband purchased this charger for me for Christmas , after lots of mornings when my van would n't start and he was already gone to work . Except for having to search far and wide for the right kind of extention cord to plug this thing in , we were excited to have something for those `` just in case '' moments . We plugged it in and have left it in since then . Just this week our battery was dead again . We excitedly went to use this charger , and lo and behold , it would n't work . We had to call a neighbor to come and give us a jump start . Later that day the battery was dead again -LRB- !!! -RRB- and this charger worked that time , so who knows what happened?We have n't tried the outlet power , so I have no idea how reliable that is.I wo n't count on this machine . Luckily I have a small battery charger that I can plug my car into , and after twenty minutes or so I 'm ready to go . I wo n't be getting rid of that charger -- it 's much more dependable .
 First of all , I had to buy not only an extension cord to charge it , but also and adaptor to use the power . Unless everything u want to power is charged by car cig lighter , then us have to buy an adaptor .
 Appears to be a good product with one major exception . You ca n't even charge it for first use without getting an extension cord to plug into 110v power . Required cord must have only one plug in where as most cords today come with a plug on the end that will let you plug in more than one item . The blades on the jump starter are resessed so the extension cord must have only one place to plug anything or the fitting is to big to go into the recess . Got this as a present and so far the report is that an old type cord is hard to find.I find it unbelievable that any company producing this item would not include 4 feet of cheap cord so the product could be put in service at once .
 I used this item for a gift , and was embarrassed when the recipitant found it broken in several places . He was able to exchange at a local business who carried the same product !!! I was thankful for that .
 Great quality.I bought this along with the deep socket version.I only needed the deep socket , to remove the oil sending unit .
 Being familiar with the Nifty Catch-all Xtreme floor mats , I did n't hesitate to order these , as I know they are a good product . Unfortunately , they were shipped in a box that was 1.25 '' thick -LRB- or thin -RRB- , which meant flattening the floor mats for shipment . These are molded mats and they are vehicle specific . They are not universal fit , flat type mats . An appropriate sized box for shipping would have been much appreciated and would not have misshaped the mats . Also the bag containing the plastic screws that secure the mats to the carpet contained only two -LRB- 2 -RRB- hold-down screws . The mats for a Ford Ranger require five -LRB- 5 -RRB- hold-down screws . Finally , the Catch-All `` name badge '' for each mat was loose in the box as opposed to being affixed to the mats as it should be . I did n't bother trying to `` stick '' them back onto the mats , as there was not nearly enough adhesive on back of them . I got the impression that I basically got a thrown-together , mis-matched set of mats/hardware that was `` seconds '' in quality at best .
 Did not fit my 2012 toyota double cab . They work , but over hyped for the price . The back of the mats ride up . Hopefully , the front mats from the same company fits . I 'm supposed to receive them shortly .
 Quality was fine , but the liner did not fit the back of the car . I put the correct model number on order .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 This product has no trigger . So , As soon as you connect it , it starts spewing out . Whether it 's connected right or not . Also when you shake the can the plastic fittings come loose . I know more went into the wind than the car . Get something with a trigger so you can control it . I bought AC PRO . It 's a bit more expensive , But it 's the best I 've used yet . Walmart has started carrying it . And my AC is cold and holding the charge . I do n't know if SUB ZERO is any good . I do n't think any went in my car , so I ca n't judge that . Only the delivery system .
 This stuff is total crap !! dont waste any of your money !! go to the store and buy rain-X way cheaper and works better and last longer ...
 I probably did n't apply it correctly , even though I carefully read and followed the instructions . They should definately improve the directions because I still do n't know what I did wrong.I 'd give it another try , maybe this time spending more time in applying lots of layers of it .
 I bought Aquapel based on a recommendation from a local auto parts store . I watched a video on youtube so I would apply Aquapel correctly . Water beads up nicely , but now there is a film on my windshield that creates smears when I use my brand new and expensive wipers . I contacted Aquapel for help and they have not had the courtesy of replying . I read on a forum about using Bon Ami -LRB- in the red can -RRB- to removed Aquapel , but all I can find in stores is Bon Ami in the yellow can , which is not for use on glass . I 'm worse off now with new wipers and Aquapel than I was with the old ratty wipers .
 After years of using Rainex , Aquapel was recommended to me so I tried it . The order arrived quickly , and I was excited to use it as rain was in the forecast . I followed instructions perfectly , even washing , rinsing and drying my windshield first . It seemed to go on just as expected , although the amount was skimpy and it did n't seem to be quite enough to finish the passenger side of the windshield . The next day I was excited to get in my car in the rain , expecting great things . I looked at my windshied , staring in disbelief . It did n't look any different than before i had applied it ! What a waste . I will go back to using Rainex .
 Gave this a shot for my motorcycle helmet visor , and after just getting back home out of the rain , I ca n't say this product works . At all . I followed the directions that came with it , but for whatever reason the rain did n't bead off my visor . If anything it actually seemed to stick on more . I think I 'll stick with the Raincoat stuff .
 The Aquapel window treatment was very disappointing . When applied exactly as directed there was not near enough product to cover our Sienna windshield . By the time I got to the passengers half of the front windshield the pad was dry . Highly recommend you not buy this product .
 I have a strong feeling that this is just a bit of colored gasoline , and that I got suckered . I think I will never know . Has anyone actually factually demonstrated that this really works as it claims ? The best I can say is that it likely wo n't hurt , but the placebo effect does n't work on a car engine because it has no mind so what 's the point !
 I have CB919 , and thought that this windshield was designed for this bike , how I was wrong . It does n't seem like it would hold up on highway speed , never tried it . Also , why , when I buy a windshield does the hardware to install it come seperate ? Should it not come with the windshield ? Tried to get my money back but the company did not reply ? Do not recommend buying from Powersport Superstore
 Purchased these for a 2011 Ford Ranger XLT 4 dr. The passenger side fits like a glove but the driver 's side does not . It is too wide and sits way too high on the door side of the mat . We hit it with our foot every time we get in . Because it is too wide it doesnt fit flat and rises up & down when you move your feet . Not happy .
 This is a cheap version of my original car radio knobs . I was expecting to receive knobs that had metal half round fittings to attach to the radio tuner and volume selector . These are all plastic and a press fit . I also did n't realize that the knobs came two to pack and ordered two -LRB- 2 -RRB- packs and doubled my order . I would have been happier to pay more for better quality that was more like the original Mazda Tribute parts .
 I purchased this latch and put it on my truck and it broke the second time I latched it , the original factory one lasted 9 years . I should have spent the extra money and bought a latch from a dealer . I would rather use duct tape to hold my window closed .
 The install went very smoothly . It is an exact fit for the original latch in my 1993 F-150 . However , that 's where the good ended . I put it all together , and the first time I tried to latch the window it broke . Awful product , stay away ! I know it 's just plastic , but the original plastic latch lasted almost 20 years . I ordered this productC.R . LAURENCE DVL2 CRL Replacement Metal Backslider Latchand although the holes did n't line up exactly the latch is made of metal and probably wo n't break for a long time .
 I bought one of these and put it on ... it broke the second time I latched it . I bought another one and installed it -LRB- Thinking I may have just got at bad part -RRB- ... it broke the first time I latched it . This part is very cheaply made , but it 's the only rear window latch that I was able to find at two different auto parts stores .
 Ordered one for a dodge ram and was sent a latch for a ford ranger . I was very disappointed with it
 The doorman lock broke as soon as I put it on my truck I would never buy one again bad quilty
 as soon as i put it on my 97 dodge ram it broke when i latched it i wouldnt recommend it to anyone
 I would suspect this sliding window latch part has sat on a shelf about as long as i have had my truck . My point is regardless this latch is made of cheapest brittle plastic imaginable that failed on the second opening . I would recommend either making your own with a window latch from parts found at the local hardware store or tracking down a metal one online for your trucks sliding window . I ended up finally purchasing aC.R . LAURENCE DVL2 CRL Replacement Metal Backslider Latchfrom the CR Laurence Company that was a direct fit replacement for my 1994 Dodge Ram 1500 split window . Finally a problem solved .
 Do not waste your money on this latch . I bought one to replace the latch that had broken off my 1984 F-150 after nearly 30 years of use . Tried installing the new latch and one of the screws broke in half while running it down with my Porter Cable cordless drill with the torque set at 2 . Had to drill a new hole up to 3/16 to get the old screw out , then after filling the bigger hole with JB Stick , re-drilling and installing another screw everything seemed fine . After reading other reviews about the latch breaking , I knew I had to be very careful . Even then , I started slowly pushing the latch down to lock it , and with very little force the plastic snapped . I 'm not going to bother returning an item that only costs $ 5 as it is not worth the trouble , but wanted to write a review to let other people know that you are better off finding a latch in a junkyard .
 Do n't buy . The installation is straight forward , but the first time I tried to put it in the lock position the main latch broke in two pieces .
 I have n't installed my struts yet , so I ca n't say how they perform . When I opened the boxes I found that I had been sent two different styles of the strut , what I assume are the old style and the new . On one , the lower spring seat is angled and has an offset for the end of the coil spring . On the other , the seat is straight and and perpendicular to the body , with a plastic spacer molded to fit the end of the coil spring . They are both stamped with the correct model number , and probably work equally well , but obviously I would prefer to have matching struts on each side , especially since they are visible . It 's not worth the hassle to repackage and return them , but whoever filled the order should have put a little more thought into it . I guess if you buy discounted things online , this is one of the drawbacks .
 this item is not so good is make sound like you never replaces them i will not by this item again
 While the mirror bolts on just fine and the weather seal seems to be tight , I returned this mirror because the electrical plug was wrong . It needed to be a male end to connect to the female plug in the door panel , but was female just like the connector in the door . I could have tried to splice on the male connector from the old mirror , but chose to simply get a manual mirror instead -LRB- which had its own problems - see other review -RRB- . According to various checks I did at the website , this was the correct model for my 2004 Camry . Physically it looked correct , but the electrical issue was not worth the trouble . I was concerned that if I spliced on the old connector and there continued to be problems , the motor/gears would prevent manual adjustments of the mirror . And once I had cut the wires I would not be able to return the mirror . That 's why I went with a manual mirror in the end .
 Great fit . OEM look . My customer was satified at first , until the mirror started getting black spots on them that will not come off .
 This was for replacing the lower ball joint of my 93 Nissan pickup with 205k miles . Since it was fairly cheap to buy this lower control arm with the ball joint already installed , I thought this was a good idea . WRONG ! At least one hole was about 5 mm off in position where the torsion bar mounts . After working two full weekends on my front suspension , I drilled out the hole rather than trying to return this online and wait for a new part . After I got everything installed and took it to get aligned , the chamber was off by more than one degree -LRB- the top of the wheel was leaning away from the car -RRB- on both sides . Since the only chamber adjustment is to add shims to the upper control arm , which makes my chamber even worse . And , there were no shims present to remove . My only conclusion is that these lower control arms were made a bit shorter than my original stock control arms . Be aware of improper fit with this brand . I guess you do get lower quality when you buy the cheaper brands . Also , i couldnot get grease to go into the ball joint to fill the boot . There is something wrong internally with the ball joint .
 Does not hold any dirt . Mats are smooth and flat so the dirt simply slides right off onto your carpet ! Cute mats , wish they were made like the others with raised areas and soft rubber .
 I have a 1999 Cougar and bought these to accent my black stripes on my car . I literally just put them on this afternoon and as soon as night fell I went to switch on my HID projection headlights -LRB- which are extremely bright -RRB- I literally could not see my lights turn on . I had to pull over and pop the covers off to have functionality with my lights . They look good during the day , but that it is .
 Pump leaks so bad that it is not safe to use on the boat dock , not at the connections but in the pump itself . When you attach it to the pump nozzel it becomes heavy and hard to use . last thing , with 20 gallons of gas in the unit it two people in excess of 30 min to pump it all out and we were both wore out from turning the handle . -LRB- Save your money -RRB- and buy the gas at the boat dock ... . wish I could get my money and time back . . anybody wants to buy the entire set up ?? I will sell it all for half what I have in in it $ 250 and this leaker is yours .
 This is not a safe product , both pumps have leaked from the pump body , it scary that a company that handles gas storage and pumping products even put this out on the market . If Amazon would let this review go through with zero stars it would rate that .
 I purchased this and installed it on my gas caddy two years ago . It worked fine for two summers but this year it leaks very badly around the shaft and is unsafe to use . Do n't buy this product . It is a waste of money as you will note from the other reviews . Unfortunately , it makes the Gas Caddy much less useful because the gravity feed is very slow .
 I bought this pads in March 2012 , and installed my 1999 Mazda Miata . Last week the mechanic at car repair shop told me that I had to replace the pads soon , there was only 3mm left on these pads .
 I am very disappointed with this item . I ordered it for my 2002 Honda Accord . First , when I received it in the mail , it had scratches all over it and was more yellow than white . So amazon gladly exchanged it for me without hassle . About 4 days later , I received another one with no scratches BUT beware ... It is NOT pearl white like the description says . Nonetheless it matched just enough so I installed them on my car . The result ... Its been only 4 months and one light is already out now since I put them on . They were really bright , I must admit but they are only for showing off and not for use without headlights . I would not recommend this product to anyone because of the shotty craftsmanship and poor quality . I wasted my money on this poor quality product . I should 've paid a bit more and got a better brand ! Do n't make the same mistake I did !
 Although it stated clearly on the website that this part would fit my 01 Nissan Altima , it did not . The harness did not even closely match the female end on the car .
 Cover was black in the picture but came grey . One light gray and one dark gray . Sizing by the manufacturer is poor and strap locations are poor .
 I ordered this stone guard two times both items were for the wrong year carLund 18464 Interceptor Smoke Wrap-Around Bug Shield
 this item was shipped to me and i discovered it was differnt from the other pair . I couldnt send it back because i bought it for use here in Nigeria . regret buying this and wnt buy any item from the seller anymore .
 I ordered this part for my 2002 Acura RSX . The amazon system said it should fit my car , but when i recieved it , it had the wrong connector .
 Rocker switch once installed only worked 1 way and that was up . When I took out my meter I found it would close going up but showed no continuity going down . Something wrong with switch . I took it apart to try to fix it , I found it must be internal and I could not fix it . But at that point , it was too late to send back because the whole unit was in pieces and could not be fixed . Out it went in the trash .
 Looked to be a good idea at the time ... came in a brown envelope with no instructions or labels to indicate which wires were for what
 I bought a medium size of Maxi View . The truth is this mirror block part of my view . I can see so much better from my SUV mirrors . Objects actually so much closer than its appearance on the Maxi View . Even though you can spot the object in the mirror , it is so tiny that you can easily overlook . This is danagerous !
 HiBEWARE of these mats especially if you own a 2004 Ford Super Duty truck with A manual transmission . . The passenger side mat simply will not fit properly as the gap between it and the transmission tunnel is too huge to justify the VERY misleading termof -LRB- Digital & accurate fit -RRB- ... Now to the drivers side ! It seems to me that weather tech works only with automatic equipped vehicles as the clutch pedalon my F250 Diesel pickup catches in a dangerous way due to the - accurate and digital fit - of these useless floor mats.And although the fitting instructions state most clearly that the operation of the vehicle controls - brake pedal / clutch pedal - should be checked carefullybefore driving , nothing is said about what to do in case the pedal -LRB- s -RRB- interfere with the mat except to call the manufacturer ! ! So what are they going to tell me ? Take a sharp knife & trim the forward edge of this - digitally designed mat - ! Even the part number that is molded on the mats -LRB- Tan -RRB- is different from the one indicated on the weathertech web site as the the tan colored mats are giventhe number 450021 and the mats I got -LRB- Tan -RRB- are stamped with 44002 ... . GO FIGURE ! A 1 star rating is too good for such a hopeless product AND as far as I am concerned it ranks as the worst ever purchase of ANY item for my truck.The only good out of all this is that I did not fall for the second row mat .
 The rear mat was ok . The front mats are a terrible fit . I would be ashamed if I were weather tech . They were better than this the last time I bought a set .
 The dash mat was good quality but did not fit my rav4 it was not even close . Air vent holes were square when mine ar round and the contour of the mat was not even close . Beware this is not for 2012 model . And even though there was free shipping still cost me to send back .
 Deflector was very difficult to install ~ !!! Deflector is not aerodynamic . When my truck was in motion the noise that was made was unreal . To return item cost 1/2 the original price -LRB- restocking fee + S&H -RRB- . I strongly recommend saftey gloves while installing , almost needed stiches from the razor sharp edges .
 I used this battery in my scale and it died in a matter of weeks . The prior battery lasted for a year . Very disappointing .
 This initially worked , but died within the month -LRB- used in a bathroom scale -RRB- . The original battery had lasted 4 years . Assuming batteries bought from this supplier , or through Amazon in general , are probably older and inventory is not checked for quality control .
 These batteries did not work for me . I do believe that they must have been sitting around for some years because they had very little charge to them . Not one worked for more then a few minutes . I had to purchase from another place and they -LRB- at the other place -RRB- had the expiration date clearly marked on them . They also worked without a hitch . When a battery does n't work on a product such as 3D glasses , it 's more then unfortunate . It 's mis-leading and can become fretful . I was concerned that a 150.00 pair of 3D glasses were defective . No battery should be sold without a clearly marked expiration date and without it being tested if they 've been left to sit around so long .
 It arrived fast , but the battery did not last as long as it should . It was waste of my time and money
 I should have listened to the other reviews . It does not work ! As always , you get what you pay for !
 Bought this battery for my ultramini glucose tester . Used the tester once which worked fine . A month later , the tester didn ; t work . I checked the battery with my voltmeter . 1.76 volts .
 I paid more for shipping than the cost of the battery . I failed to realize that the other purchase I was making was sent from the vendor . Should have shopped around town .
 Steering wheel cover fit pretty good but the smell off the vhynal was way too much to tolerate and I removed it . I put the cover in the garage so that maybe it could airout somewhat . No , I do n't recomemd this item to anyone period !!
 Okay , if this rating were to be based on form & fit alone , it would be a 4 or 5 star rating . But a strong rubbery , chemical smell hits you the moment you take it out of the box . I figure the smell will dissipate and leave it in the garage for a few days -- no change . Undaunted , I squeeze the cover onto my steering wheel -LRB- Toyota Highlander -RRB- and it fits pretty well and feels comfortable -- maybe I can live with the smell . But there is a sticky , oily residue covering the entire cover , except for the gel portions which are on the sides -LRB- from about 2 to 4 o'clock , and again from 8 to 10 -RRB- . I tried wiping the residue from the cover , but no luck , it 's totally embedded . I have since removed the cover from the wheel and will let it sit in the garage . If the smell and oily residue go away -LRB- seems unlikely -RRB- I 'll re-review this product ... until then , my advice is stay away !
 This Mini Cooper mat did n't fit . It was way too small , and the vent holes were mostly covered . It was poorly constructed and very flimsy . A complete waste of my time and patience .
 This shield came in a box that was damaged , torn on one end and missing installation hardware and instructions . At Amazon 's suggestion went back to Lund , requested the hardware . It took them a couple of days to find it , and now a week later I still have not received . Amazon shipped quickly , but without the hardware and instructions it is just taking up space in my garage . I think it will look good , but so far not impressed with Lund customer service . Parts should have been sent next day , it 's only some clips and a few bolts .
 I put this in my forklift which was leaking hydraulic oil in various places . This product did n't make a difference at all .
 i thought i was getting a pack of 4 plugs , i didnt read what they had written , $ 5.15 great price for 4 plugs , terrible price for 1 plug .
 If you are thinking of purchasing this product please be aware that the pump itself will not fit the connectors on a 1995 Toyota Corolla . The connector itself as the three socket connection , the pump of the motor provided for this reservoir only has a two socket receptor . The reservoir itself can be purchased by other dealers , but if you have a 95 Corolla be aware you will be paying an additional price for a part you ca n't use . I 'm now out $ 50.00 because I bought this , then had to spend another $ 30.00 for a motor that fit the connectors .
 While the item fits it is not a match . The pump had a different electrical connetion then the original one , so i had to use the original pump - and the tubing which came with it was not usable because it was sized for the pump that came with it . So basicly i paid for the container which i has to adjust to fit because it was a little smaller then my original .
 I was very un-happy with this product after all this time i just found some-one to put it in for me and its the wrong one i open the box and instead of tacoma tank its a corolla tank not what i ordered.wondering if i can exchange it.hope so ...
 The gasket is made of some kind of plastic , if you over tighten it WILL break the seal and the entire hose will be ruined .
 it may have slowed the leak down a little ... . I know that it was a good gasket that was leaking ... . it was the cylinder gasket on my motorcycle ... . and I replaced it myself 7000 miles earlier ...
 Product arrived with soldering points broken off . I had to re-solder them back on myself . It would have been cost prohibitive to return the item .
 the first one that i received was no good the positve loop had no current path.it was replaced and the new one works fine and it had been replaced at no additional cost
 Item arrived defective . I wired everything up correctly and it did not work . I ran down to Napa bought another model hooked it up the same way and the Napa one works great . Poor quality and unless you want to waste your money do n't buy this .
 This product I 'd very linty , leaves lint wherever you dust therefore a fails to do its primary job . I could not recommend this as a good buy .
 Ai n't the first of these I 've bought . had one , then got a nelson rigg , then tried to go back to the teknic . I guess that unfortunately they musta changed their supplier to an even seedier sweatshop somewhere in asia , cuz the kid that was supposed to heatseal the adjustable velcro tab at the wrist forgot to plug in the machine before starting his 18 hour shift . I touched it and it peeled away like it was put on using butter as glue . So maybe I ought to be mad at the dairy farmer that sold the butter to the sweatshop guy in a bucket labeled glue . Returns are super easy with this seller and amazon . I had to retire the original coat b/c it looked so bad from so much use that it was just moa embarrassing to wear it than show up wet . yeah yeah , I cant spell too good , get a hobby , ainokea .
 I saw many conflicting reviews , but figured for the price I would take the risk . The suit was definitely not worth the money . The pants leaked the first ride . The suit is uncomfortable and feels of low quality . Although I do n't have any experience with other rain suits , I would recommend looking at some suits in person . Good luck
 The crotch and inside leg seams ripped apart the first time it was worn . Not a very happy experience with this product .
 Have had these a year and just put my factory fender lights back on my truck due to these not working anymore . The first red one went out 7 or 8 months after I installed them followed by the amber ones within a few months !
 My husband ordered this part after much discussion between the seller and himself . My husband was repeatedly reassured this was the right part because both men KNEW that GM had changed the part for this model truck mid-year . Well here we sit with a hundred dollar plus it that we can not use , Seller sent the wrong part . So , please tell me , what is the proper procedure to follow at this point to get our money back .
 First off , let me say that the product was NOT flawed . However , the description confused the heck out of me and wasnt what I expected . I had to return it with cost to me , but I will say Cobra was MORE than helpfull in regards to the customer support and understood my frusttration in which I appreciated . Only reason it has one star is the confusion in the product description , other than that 5 star for the quality and chrome luggage rack .
 I have a minor drip -LRB- about 3 drops a day -RRB- from the rear main seal . I cleaned the engine to verify that it was leaking from the RMS . There were no other leaks . I read a lot of good reviews about AT-205 and decided to try it . I did an oil and filter change and added a bottle of AT-205 to the fresh oil . I also change the PCV valve at the same time . I drove the car around 12 hours -LRB- driving time -RRB- in a week as I was eager to get the leak fixed . After about a week , the leak was still there and was still about 3 drops a day . I decided to try again and did the oil change without a filter change and this time I added two bottles of AT-205 as a desperate attempt . I have been driving the car for about a week -LRB- 10 hours of driving time -RRB- and the leak has not been fixed . This morning I raised the car and verified that the oil was still leaking from the RMS . I am disappointed that AT205 did not work for me . I wo n't discourage you from buying this product as it has many good reviews but I have to give it a one star based on my experience . If this leak fixes itself in the future -LRB- still hopeful -RRB- , I will change my review and the rating.Additional information : It is now about 3 weeks since I added AT-205 to the engine and it still leaks . I really hoped that it would work for me and save me some money . I still think it is worth a try before you spend money on replacing the seal . I am going to let it drip and not worry about it any more .
 Very disappointed in this product . Followed the instructions and it did n't even fix the tiny leak I had . Not worth the money I spent on it .
 I put it into 2 cars and did n't stop the leak at all . Do n't waste your money!ATP AT-205 Re-Seal Stops Leaks
 I put the stuff in and I drove the car for 2 hours and 300 miles later , still leaking . Looks like it was leaking more . I have to take it to the shop to be fixed the right way because their is oil spots all over my drive way now since I put in that ATP-AT 205 it leaks more . Thanks a lot
 I have 97 Honda Civic DX leaking oil around clutch housing and engine . Mechanic say it 's rear main seal leak . Watch video on scottykillmer.com and get to knowATP AT-205 Re-Seal Stops Leaks . I bought it at local XL parts store , tried it a couple of times , leak does n't stop.fortunately I need to do clutch replacement for my car , so I just get rear main seal replaced free.This product does n't work for me !!!
 Even though the product says `` Stops leaks '' I used it to soak the rubber bushings on my leaf springs to stop them from squeaking on my truck . The product has a video showing you to do such . It was supposed to chemicaly react with the old rubber and stop it from further breaking down , therefore no more squeeking . It may work for you , it just did n't work for me . Oh well .
 I tried ATP AT-205 Re-Seal for rear axel leaks . It did not work actually made the leaks worse . If it helped it would have posponed the needed repair . O well off with the axels .
 In a Vidio on YouTube this mech said that it if sprayed on the Rubber bushing up front it would stop all the sounds and revive the rubber i tryed it and still have all the noise as far as stopinging leaks i dont know about that i STILL have all the sounds when you drive the Truck . !
 I put it in my 3.0 Duratec V-6 engine and it still leaks engine oil . I guess it was n't ment to be .
 Had a slight leak at rack . Added AT-250 to power steering and drove the car 50 miles . Parked the car in the driveway overnite . The next morning power steering fluid was all over the driveway . The only thing left in the pump was brown froth . Had the car towed to garage and after having it checked over was informed that entire system -LRB- pump , hoses and rack -RRB- was junk . All the o rings and rubber seals were eaten away . Called the manufacturer and they were n't even mildly curious about what happened . I would n't use this product unless you are willing to gamble a $ 2000 REPAIR BILL .
 Probably works for some but did not work for me . How ever my problem happened to be a metal gasket .
 Ahh the old &#34; magic potion &#34; tick ! I completely fell for this gimmick . I bought it hoping it would solve my gasket leak , but what a moron I was to think that something like this would work - needless to say , there is still oil all over the drive way .
 When I first emptied the bottle in the power steering reservoir , I was like wow this stuff is almost like water , it flows so easily * I hope I did n't receive an expired bottle or something , or are they all like the one I had ? * anyway it leaked this stuff just like water too , I was adding power steering fluid in the car and it would take days till it becomes dry completely , now I added this good bul **** review product , and it just leaked the whole thing in a few hours of driving , after 4 hours the sterring started making noises and then no more power steering at all . I tried 2 bottles of louis a week or two ago -LRB- now i am waiting for their refund ... -RRB- well yeah they did n't work either but it took a much more longer time till it leaked the whole lucas oil , I kinda liked lucas oil I think u should try it because it 's so heavy , I got some drops on my hands and on the knife while trying to cut the barcode and this stuff just got stuck completely like glue on the knife , it was so difficult to clean ... . for this product atp or whatever its name , I think is completely useless , I was affraid it may harm my rack even more , I am affraid it did . one more thing , I read people saying
 I used this product in my daughters Honda Accord according to instructions with no change , and it in fact seems to be leaking worse than before . I am going to be heading to a 2nd mechanic shortly . I ca n't seem to get any closure on this leak .
 I used it and after a week or so , my car engine is still leaking and no difference at all .
 I had a small leak in my power steering rack and pinion unit , it left 1 or 2 drops on the driveway at night . After reading reviews on Amazon , bought this product , and added 1/3 to 1/2 bottle to my power steering , as directed . Now my vehicle leaves large puddles in the driveway , and will lose all it 's power steering fluid in less than 3 days . My mechanic says entire rack and pinion unit must be replaced , cost $ 398.00 . Would have been better doing nothing .
 I pour the 205 in the morning let it run 4 hour . After 4 hour is still leak.i have bad luck trying everything in the market just thinking it would work . may be work on transmission but not on engine.to solve the problem just do it the right way first time and fix it right.take it from someone who buy everything on the market.this was last product i will ever buy .
 My Honda Accord had a axcel seal leak underneath the transmission and thought it might work after watching an Youtube video . But it did not work . Bad !
 I bought this product after watching the advertisement on the internet . At first , it seemed to slow down the leaks , however after a few days the engine leaks were back .
 The rubber seal of the rack-n-pinion of my car ended up ripped . That turned a small leaking hassle -LRB- refill once a week -RRB- into an unstoppable drip , rendering the power steering unusable ! So , let old dogs lie - or fix it the right way !
 Very disappointed in this product . Followed the instructions and it did n't even fix the tiny leak I had . It fail the does it work test/challenge . Do n't waste your money .
 This product is n't what it says at all , not custom and not elegant . I ordered the seat covers for my 05 Dodge and found them extremely cheap . Not only do they have a very unfinished look they did n't arrive for over two weeks using second day delivery . the installation directions are lame and very vague . I would n't recommend these covers to anyone , you would probably have better luck getting a pair from a auto part store or a giant box store for 20.00 bucks .
 The kit did have all of the gaskets shown in the picture . It only consists of two main gaskets and one round one . That is all .
 I had to replace my timing chain cover because it was leaking some antifreeze on my 1996 302 Bronco . I already had the timing cover and water pump off when these bolts came in.The quality of the bolts are great and I am sure they will hold up over time . My problem with them is I only got to use 5 of the 15 bolts supplied with the kit . All the other bolts were about 1/2 too short to grab onto the block.Based on the description , &#34; For Select Ford 289-302 Aluminum Applications &#34; , I would think it would fit my Bronco , but apparently not . I gave two stars because I should have contacted the manufacture about whether it would fit or not , but I needed new bolts in a hurry and I could n't find any info online . These bolts are high quality , so if they fit , they would be awesome , but I have no idea what 302s they fit because they do n't fit mine.I 'm very disappointed I spent 55 dollars to only use 5 bolts but at least 1 of the bolts I that did work replaced one of my corroded ones .
 After installing the unit only lasted six months before breaking . I would have like to see it in either metal or potted metal to at least last longer .
 This did n't have enough `` poop '' to blow my twin air horns so I ended up not using it . I am not sure what it is really capable of doing .
 One day after installing one of the 3 areas with the rubber spiderman split . Temperatures hot , but this should not have happened ! Have another steering wheel cover on different vehicle ... 5 years later it is not split . Will not purchase online on vehicle items again . Was a surprise for our 16 year old on his new truck for his birthday ... needless to say VERY disappointed .
 this item does not fit a 93 mercury capri , it is the wrong item and wrong fit please refraim from selling stuff and wasting peoples money
 This may fit the sunroof listed but The auto port maker had 2 designs for seals . Appearntly they do not have the first style anymore . That is improtant when you need a good seal in the roof of you car . I found this out after ordering and seeing it compared to my original seal . Customer service did not know any more about this item than was listed in the product listing .
 They sent me an expensive , broken prodeuct , and would not refund my money !!! DO NOT BUY FROM THESE PEOPLE !!!!!
 This generator weighs 191 pounds . The day after I ordered it , I was sent an email saying that I would be responsible for taking it off the truck , but that for an additional $ 39 I could have `` lift gate '' service
 I normally do n't write reviews , but this product arrived to me DOA , not Amazons fault , but the manufacturer 's fault I 'm sure , shipping was extremely fast . Pumping the handle does nothing , no vacuum or pressure is produced . I 'm suspecting an entire batch of these went out like this , so hopefully I wo n't get another bad one . I may just try to fix it myself by installing a new oring on the piston . I looks like the piston is the wrong size for the bore or an oring that was too small was installed . In any case now I have to figure out how to send this thing back with no return shipping labels , arghh
 I just received the power socket , before I installed it , I noticed that the cover hinge was weak . I pluged in my power plug and noted how poorly the contacts are . The cover broke off the second time I opened it.Don ' t buy this , it is junk
 This is a very cheeply made product . There are better made products that do the same and cost the same , available on amazon.Save your money and avoid this one . The protective weather cap broke off the port after about three times opening and closing it .
 I ordered 4 of these plugs . The terminal on one arrived siezed to the core and was consequently useless . I 'm sure they 're great plugs but I wo n't discover any time soon .
 I bought this power plug and installed it on my motorcycle . Two problems
 I bought this as my second helmet . The internal sunglasses come in handy -- especially since the fit is so tight . I 'm normally a `` Large '' , so I ordered a Large . Feels like a medium . After 30 minutes of riding , the sides of my face hurt from the pressure . The chin strap is also too short and set too far back -LRB- or maybe that 's a function of the helmet being too small for the stated size . Knowing what I know now , I would NOT buy it again . Now you know what I know .
 Simple review
 Was looking to order a four piece set of Ventshade deflectors for my son 's 2002 Hyundai Elantra GT hatchback . Went through the exercise to make sure they fit . Put in the year , make , model and it asked for the trim style . I put in GT and it selected hatchback for me and I hit go . It said `` this part fits your 2002 Hyundai Elantra . '' I ordered the part . When I went to install the set yesterday the front deflectors fit fine but the ones for the rear windows were not even close . Went back to the Amazon website and went through the exercise again and see that below where it said it would fit my 2002 Hyundai Elantra it noted the GLS trim . Instead of telling me it would not fit my vehicle it slyly jumped to a trim style I had not selected . Apparently this is what the Ventshade # 94127 actually fits . Not very excited at the prospect of having only half of the set that will fit our vehicle . Went to the Lund site and they do not list a set for the GT only the GLS trim . Not a happy shopper .
 This product looks like it has already been used . Paint is chipped and looks like it has been touched up with a sharpie . Frame is bent . Does n't fit a normal sized receiver hitch even though it says it does . The mesh is extremely cheap !! Contacted seller and they have not responded after five days of calling . Ca n't return the item unless you have contacted the seller , there is no option to return.Complete waste of money !!!
 These did n't fit properly . They were just a little bit off , but enough to easily notice , especially while installing . I had to decide to cover the window fully , or have this fit in its intended spot . I had to bend these to get them to fit . About 15 % of the 3M tape is serving no purpose because of improper fit . From far away , these look fine . They do their job keeping rain out and they are still hanging on , so 2-3 stars based on that .
 We followed the online instructions on how to choose the right kind for our truck model and they sent us the wrong vent visor anyway .
 I put in my car year , make , and model on Amazon.com and it said that this product was compatible with my vehicle but when I actually tried to install the product it was far too large . I tried putting it both inside of the windows and outside the windows but both ways it was far too long . Its a shame because I really wanted this product to work with my vehicle to protect it from the heat in Florida , leaveing the windows down would make my vehicle alot cooler if I didnt have to worry about my car getting soaked by rain . The product consisted of 2 long pieces for the front windows and 2 shorter pieces for the back windows . The insides of the platic pieces had all weather double sided tape -LRB- the red one you find in hardware stores -RRB- and it came with 4 alcohol wiping pads to clean off the area before applying the double sided tape.Pros --------- Great Price , half the price of the Weathertech branded deflectors.Cons --------- It didnt fit my 2005 Nissan Sentra S even though the website said they were compatible , they were far too long.Conclusion ------------ It would have been great if it fit my vehicle but unfortunately it didnt .
 We took this out of the packaging and it worked great the first time . I loved the clear readout . After that , it stopped working and just displayed `` L '' within a few months . I do n't recommend this product .
 It lets more air out than it reads the pressure - thought it was a user problem - but my daughter had the same problem .
 I ordered two of this same product . One worked and one did not . Straight out of the box I tested it on my own tires and the display never worked . I tried taking out the batteries however , this was far from easy . I undid the plastic but replacing the battery is nearly impossible ! When I overlooked the product the manufacture date is from 2008 . Maybe this is the explanation for why the product no longer works . : -LRB-
 Wish it would work . All I could get was 0 . Occasionally , some other number would pop up , which I know was way off .
 Within 5 seconds it can drain all the air out of a bicycle tire . It then accurately reads 0 lbs pressure . That was the only reading that I was able to get from it .
 Could not get it to read anything other than `` 7 '' . Period . Got it for motorcycles , so it could go on a key chain and be handy at a gas station . Had to send it back . Tried it on auto tires , moto tires , bicycle tires . 7 . Maybe I just got the dud , but I would not bother with anything else from this company .
 We took this out of the packaging and it worked great the first time . I loved the clear readout . After that , it stopped working and just displayed `` L '' within a few months . I do n't recommend this product .
 It lets more air out than it reads the pressure - thought it was a user problem - but my daughter had the same problem .
 I ordered two of this same product . One worked and one did not . Straight out of the box I tested it on my own tires and the display never worked . I tried taking out the batteries however , this was far from easy . I undid the plastic but replacing the battery is nearly impossible ! When I overlooked the product the manufacture date is from 2008 . Maybe this is the explanation for why the product no longer works . : -LRB-
 Wish it would work . All I could get was 0 . Occasionally , some other number would pop up , which I know was way off .
 Within 5 seconds it can drain all the air out of a bicycle tire . It then accurately reads 0 lbs pressure . That was the only reading that I was able to get from it .
 Could not get it to read anything other than `` 7 '' . Period . Got it for motorcycles , so it could go on a key chain and be handy at a gas station . Had to send it back . Tried it on auto tires , moto tires , bicycle tires . 7 . Maybe I just got the dud , but I would not bother with anything else from this company .
 ORDERED THIS HANDLE FROM -LRB- BEST PRICE MIRROW -RRB- 1/26/2011 -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- HAVE NOT RECIVED ORDER AS OF 4/5/2011 -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 The description on this product says for Toyota Camry 97-01 however this product is PLASTIC and not metal as were the orignal handles for the Camry 's from those years . This picture has a shine to it making you think it was metal also . I was very dissapointed especially since I paid $ 12.00 shipping and handling .
 Item arrived with dead batteries , Will cost more than its worth to replace the batteries since they are not a common size . Even though it was fairly inexpensive , it would have been nice have something like that work when You get it .
 I purchased this item reading the reviews and the product details where it mentions permanent battery life but I ran out of battery in 6 months after use and changing battery is a hassle with this accutire gauze . It has not even been a year and it 's sitting like crap on my keychain . I will not recommend people to buy it .
 This was dead on arrival . No display when trying to measure . It 's supposed to have a lihium lifetime battery . This is a total waste of money .
 The gauge didnt turn on at first , turns out there was a small strip of plastic covering the battery that I had to remove by opening the case . Requires a very small screwdriver !
 This product was DOA , sent for replacement , never heard from the seller.Do not deal with them .
 the good news
 Accutire MS-4652B Key Chain Digital Tire Gauge BlackTHIS SUCKS ! IT IS A TOY ! IT DOES NOT GIVE THE CORRECT PRESSURE!Looks Nice , but just extra weight to carry around.Thanks for the TOY !!!
 The price on this gauge is low but I would n't get it again even if it was free . As other reviewers mentioned , the gauge is tricky to put on the tire . Once attached it 's difficult to get an accurate reading because it often comes off . This is frustrating and causes you to second guess the reading . After about a year of use the gauge quit working altogether .
 The Accutire MS-4652B Key Chain Digital Tire Gauge is great . Very good quality at an unbelievable low price . I looked at several products and this one blows away the competition . The product is very accurate and compact to carry . The only downside to this product is that you will need to push the device in the tire valve several times to get an accurate reading . Therefore , it will take you 2 or 3 tries before you get a correct reading . But remember that each try is about one second , so no big lost of time . HERE IS A BIG NEGATIVE POINT
 The gauge has to be e-x-a-c-t-l-y lined up or else you wo n't get a reading . Worse yet , you 'll deflate your tire . I 've lost 5psi out of a 30psi tire once trying to use this .
 Convenient digital tire gauge and key chainProduct in good shape and lightProduct worked week after week crashProduct crashes5 year warranty
 I changed the battery and other reviewers are correct stating that it wo n't work afterward . It 's as if it has a damaged circuit board , the characters are incoherent now and change around randomly when trying to measure . If this is actually done deliberately by accutire , in order to try to boost sales by customers looking for a replacement , I truly hope it does n't work . Out of spite , I 'm going to avoid any accutire products for as long as I can remember to . ENCODE
 It arrived broken so i wouldnt know if it was functional or not . BUT i did try to attach it either way . . the size was perfect for a compact nissan versa visor and the clips look like the hold pretty good as well ... if only they could improve their packaging knowing they are shipping a very breakable mirror .
 These bulbs are not from PIAA . They are Osram bulbs and they are not `` extreme white '' as described .
 These are not the PIAA Extreme white bulbs as stated !!! Do not waste your money !!! These do not even look anything like the PIAA 's . They are clear bulbs with no blue tint at all . I am returning for a refund .
 The bulb is clear not a blue like the picture shows . The bulb is nice other than their is no blue to it . But after running it for about 2 hours it became bluish tint to the light it produced . I thank they are better than silver star bulbs cost 's less .
 I feel cheated it was not what requests this article I request 2 of PIAA H3 55W Bulb and there sent theirs 2 of OSRAN H3 55W Bulb came in boxes PIAA but they are not PIAA is bulb.PIAA Is Of Italian Manufacture osran is of German manufacture.I do not buy this supplier
 There seems to be a problem with how this is listed . It is a completely different size then the stock steering stabilizer on my 1999 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo . The mounts are too narrow for this product and a custom mount would have to be manufactured . The bolts which come with this are also too wide to fit in the stock bolt holes .
 For nearly $ 5 , and the picture of the box of 4 , you would think that you get the four-pack . No . I received ONE spark plug for almost the price of 4 . LAME . I thought it was too good to be true . I will go to my local auto-parts store and get the remainder .
 This LCD meter has been driving me crazy . I 've been trying to debug my electrical system because it indicates 11.9 volts when at the battery I get 12.6 volts with two different multimeters . The trouble is with this crappy device that indicates eratically , sometimes 12.7 and other times at 11.4 . It 's taken me several hours to find out the problem is with this device . You 'd be better off to get a real 12 volt meter .
 I got this to check the voltage on my airplane in flight . However the cigarette lighter is located in a place where the instrument fouls the passenger steering yoke . Tried rotating the head of the instrument to clear . When doing that one ca n't read the output values . Probably a good tool for automotive use or in positions where user can read it when needed .
 In short , compared to the Equus 3721 Battery and Charging System Monitor for about $ 4 more , this thing sucks . It 's poorly made ; the display varies in the voltage it shows based on how much you swivel the head . The LEDs do n't display correctly.I bought this AND the Equus 3721 Battery and Charging System Monitor and have compared them side by side in the same vehicle and 12 V power outlet . The Equus wins HANDS DOWN . The display on this one is VERY difficult to see , it 's faint and fades in and out . I would not recommend this 12v monitor to anybody even if it was the only one on the market.Bottom line
 This product has a dim display , a questionable voltage reading , and is poorly designed for viewing the display . Buy the Equus 3721 -LRB- which I did -RRB- and found it far superior .
 I BOUGHT ONE OF THESE VECTOR AND IT WOULD NOT WORK WRIGHT.I WOULD NOT WANT ANYONE ELSE TO GET WHAT I GOT FOR NOTHING.JUST LOST MY MONEY .
 PURCHASED THIS SEWER HOSE WITHOUT REALIZING THERE ARE NO CONNECTORS . SO I PURCHASED THE CAMCO CONNECTORS.THEY DO NOT FIT - HOT WATER , SOAPY WATER , HEAT GUN , WHATEVER - THREE MEN SPENT 1 HOUR - HAD THE UNTRIMMED COPPER WIRE RAM INTO MY THUMB . WE EVEN SANDED THE CONNECTOR ENDS . WE WERE ABLE TO GET ONE SIDE ON.I CALLED THE MANUFACTURER AND CAMCO CUSTOMER SERVICE ADVISOR SAID TO ME
 I got this hose awhile back and finally tried to fit it to my trailer connector piece . Well we tried everything we could think of and could not get it to fit over my black water adapter . We soaped it , heated it in hot water , tried to stretch it even took it to a RV supply shop and no one could get it to expand to fit over my connector.Well finally bought a new one from my local RV shop and it went on with ease .
 This part was manufactured out of specifications . The bottom shaft on this part was slightly too large to fit into the oil pump hole in the engine block . We had to rotate it with a drill and very-fine-grit emery cloth it down quite a bit to get it to go in . We should have re-worked it even further because afted 5 blocks of driving , it siezed up , welded itself to the engine block above the oil pump shaft , and broke free the ring gear on my camshaft . We made sure we cleaned it and lubricated it very well after this re-work so there was no grit or anything holding it up . It was simply still too big . I am now putting a newer engine in , because it costs less than a camshaft fix.WARNING !! DO NOT BUY THIS PART !!! GET IT FROM THE DEALER !!!
 I bought this product as a replacement for one that I had happily used for many years . Unfortunately , the quality-control inspection on this unit did not catch the manufacturing defects in this one , specifically the fact that the edge of the blade was uneven , but wavy , and the composition of the blade itself was nonuniform . The result is a blade that leaves large amounts of water on a surface and produces a very loud sound when used . I highly recommend the purchase of this product only after physically inspecting one in a retail store for straightness and flexibility of the blade .
 The heavy duty California waterblade was a total disappointment ! I have had several of the regular ones and they were wonderful ... soft and pliable and removed water from my windows with little or no streaking . The heavy duty blade was stiff and made a horrible screeching sound as it was pulled across a window surface . And it left major streaks !! I returned it !
 The overall features and construction of this pack is worthy of 5 stars . However , the bag is useless because of very low quality zippers . The zippers are so bad , that the large compartment zipper failed the first time it was used . Quality bags , have quality , heavy duty zippers . The zippers on this bag are n't worthy for a pair of jeans.But if you want a nice bag that wo n't zip up , this one is for you !
 A waste of money . The mat was a poor fit -LRB- e.g. , holes did not line up with the vents -RRB- . And the fabric retained a bumpy look ; it would not lay flat even after I tried to steam it and leave it out in the open to flatten . In desperation , I tried to iron it , which was a mistake because the patch I ironed ended up with a melted look . I wasted so much time working with the fabric , thinking it would `` relax '' if I just left it alone . After a year , I gave up and dumped the thing .
 Fit was okay for my 2009 Civic , but material -LRB- carpet -RRB- was very flimsy , so much so that you could easily see light through it . I returned it for a refund and will look elsewhere for a dashboard cover of higher quality .
 This helmet is too heavy ; it hurts my neck on long rides . A lot of wind noise . Visor operation sticky . Tight chin pads a bit uncomftorable . I would not recommend this helmet . I 'm better off with my old HJC helmet.No problem with seller fast delivery and good price
 The switches look cool , but they do n't hold up to soldering very well at all - one completely melted apart on me . The other works fine , but was still a lot over priced for the quality .
 these struts are your absolute basic strut . comes with no needed accessorys . the extras cost 35.00 x , so better off buying the fully assembled strut . as for the responsiveness , it 's as bad as the old strut that came off of it . when unlocked , it just barely pushed the rod out . the old shock worked better .
 From the image the mat appears to be black and white . When it arrived it was navy blue and purple . I have black leather interior in my car so I was not happy with the result . It is n't worth trying to send them back in my opinion . It is just a waste of $ 13 . I should have read the other reviews sooner .
 I felt the mats were lacking , they are constantly moving around on my floor and do not cover all of the flooring of my car as the previous mats did -LRB- and I have a compact car -RRB- . I found the colors to be `` off '' as well , with more of a purple color for the butterflies instead of the white the picture shows -LRB- and that is on the seat covers -RRB- . Overall I would not buy these again .
 The product I received did n't have the two pop ups/foils on the hood cover . I did n't think it was a big deal but without them the cover flaps up and down on the hood . This can cause damage to the paint . This is the one that supposedly matched my 2009 Tacoma Pre-runner .
 if you do n't drive much , this may work for youbut as a daily driver , the rugs just looked terrible from use in a very short timei would not recommend for a car that is used dailycute but low quality
 May contain lead as does the steering while cover that matches ! Should be recalled ! I purchased that steering wheel as a gift & it had a warning that it contained lead . Unfortunate . Cute , but dangerous around children & others .
 The cable did not fit a 1992 Ford Explorer as stated . The cable was a full foot short . It was unusable .
 This module when order stated it was for everywhere EXCEPT Cali which means it should have had the tank pressure sensor in the top . It does not even have a spot for it ! The description leaves out the detail that you have to cut your old connector off of the harness and wire in a new one . Since I have to have my truck by morning looks like I have to try and make junk work . Thanks Amazon ! NOT !
 This is a dodge product , . the hole part is not metal . the bottom mount is plastic ... ... ... ...
 This product comes with two different methods of attachment
 The shipping time was good for this item , and the designs looked pretty neat . I 'll give it that much . When I opened the package the butterfly designs were very dirty-like a yellow color getting very close to brown-in most places . I have a 2004 Chev . Silverado 1500 and putting this cover on my steering wheel was one of the most challenging things I have ever had to do in my life . In the end I actually had to use scissors and cut the stitch to get it on the steering wheel which , in turn , caused the material to tear . It 's on the steering wheel very snuggly now though ; I do n't think it 'll ever come off . You can just barely adjust it on the wheel . I 'm keeping this cover for now , but if I had to do it all over again I 'd definitely buy a different product .
 Disapointed ... dirty . I feel so bad it was a gift and the butterflies are yellow intead of white ... = -LRB-
 This butterfly steering wheel cover looks nice and fits my steering wheel.However , there are a couple of downsides . First , installation was painful.It was really hard to get it to go around my steering wheel , the rubber did not have enough elasticity . I would recommend using some tool instead of bare fingers . Secondly , the butterfly pattern is a raised pattern with somewhat hard edges and they hurt my palm when I hold the steering wheel . Wearing gloves would solve the problem but does n't seem like a good permanent solution .
 This was a worthless piece of crap . It fell apart while trying to put it on .
 I ca n't believe anyone would give this product 5 stars!I WISH I had read the reviews ! Like other people mentioned , parts of the white on the rubber were discolored to yellow . I also gave this as a gift and felt terrible when my girlfriend opened it . The rubber is REALLY hard . I do n't believe it `` fits most standard steering wheels '' as the description claims . My girlfriend drives a mitsubishi galant and even when we put the cover in the dryer for 20 min or so to warm the rubber , it was impossible to stretch . We actually ripped the rubber in half -LRB- if that does n't tell you something about the terrible quality ! -RRB- trying to put it on.Furthermore , the rubber is incredibly stinky . You can smell it when you are driving and it makes your hands reek . It actually gave my girlfriend a headache . Seriously.I would pay 10 bucks to have the memory of this purchase wiped from my mind ! Do n't make the same mistake I did !
 THIS COVER IS VERY PRETTY , BUT IS TOO TIGHT TO STRETCH WITHOUT TEARING ! I HAD TO RESEW THE TORN SEAM AFTER I FINALLY GOT IT ON THE STEERING WHEEL ! IT WAS A PURE MESS !! IT SHOULD HAVE THE LETHER STRAPPING TO SEW ON LIKE THE CHEAPER ONES DO ! DUDH !!
 The steering wheel cover looks great . It 's definitely cute but unless your steering wheel is 14 inches then I doubt it 'll fit . I followed the example of one of the other reviewers and snipped a little on the sides of the cover in order to get it to fit . Oh and `` installs easy '' is such a lie . Also like many of the other reviewers mentioned the butterfly design was slightly yellow and dirty . I would choose another steering wheel cover .
 i received the steering wheel cover the first week in November . I put the steering wheel cover on about a week after I received it . Within a couple of days , the clear studs started popping off and one of the butterfly designs on the side started coming off . I just sent it back to be refunded .
 I thought this item was super cute -LRB- I bought the matching floormats and trash bag , too -RRB- . Unfortunately , as soon as I installed it it started crumbling , leaving neoprene powder all over the driver 's area of my car . I sent it back , and now I have to vacuum . : -LRB-
 I gave this as a gift & my friend read the warning label which explained that the product contained lead & they recommend washing your hands after touching it . Because of the dangers of lead she ended up just throwing it away . I was disgusted that the product description says nothing about the lead or else I would never have purchased it !
 although shipper shipped quickly and product was as described , the overwhelming chemical smell was too muchwe threw it out after a week or two
 The item showed it was delivered to us via USPS . We never received the item . I attempted to work with our local post office for almost 2 weeks . They said it was delivered and was n't their fault if we did n't receive it . We will never use USPS again . Atleast with UPS you can make a claim .
 I recieved the product half full and with dried polish all over the top . Looks to be used and or a refill of some sort . So who knows what kind of product you are actually getting !! Too bad cause I have a Custom Chopper that I really needed this polish for.BEWARE !!
 Finally got these on my bike today , took a quick ride , looked down and one of these feel apart and the light part is somewhere on the side of the road.Didn ' t even last one ride : -LRB-
 Worth about ten cents . Made from about 2 cents . Lasted about two days . There are better alternatives on the market . Very cheap plastic and plastic lense came off after a day .
 i order 4 of them n all 4 of them came different color -LRB- blue , skyblue , light blue n greenish -RRB- so if i was ya dnt buy it !
 The aesthetic appeal of the unit is superb , and it is quite comfortable . However , as with many steering wheel covers , this one tends to slide out of place , leaving the grips unevenly placed over the steering wheel . I solved the problem by putting 2 small pieces of velcro on both sides of the steering wheel .
 I have an old Chevy 4X4 truck that I use for yard work , hauling stuff and heavy snow . The Instrument Panel -LRB- IP -RRB- bulbs were getting very faint and replacing them required pulling the IP out of the dash -LRB- not a trivial job -RRB- . The owner 's handbook said that the bulbs are PC168 bulbs , so I thought I would be smart and bought some miniature LED 168 wedge base bulbs and these holders . The intention was to replace the incandescent bulbs with the LED type so that they would be brighter and stay bright indefinitely.When I pulled the IP and tried installing these holders , I found that the bayonet `` ears '' are not in the same place as a regular PC168 bulb -LRB- please seeGeneral Electric PC168 Auto Partso that when the holder is twisted in place , the contacts on the holder just go past the contacts on the IP , making the holder completely worthless.It is a shame that they do not work , because the actual holders are nicely made and packed and probably do fit something well , but definitely not early 90 's GM products .
 Generic flaps , they did fit ... kind of ... I had to drill holes but I expected bolt on ones made for my car . . but for $ 6 they will do for now , I will be surprised if they make it thru the winter . The picture is a fair representation of the ones on my car , but the ones that came were generic in shape and listed for dozens and dozens of cars ... . They will do till I get the significantly thicker original ones .
 This item will not fit if the car has adjustable headrest .
 The seat covers are cute , but only 1 comes in a box and while I was putting them in my car one of them ripped ! Obviously the quality is not very good .
 DISAPPOINTED . THE PROFILE SAYS TWO ... IT ONLY CONTAINS ONE !!!!! YES AMAZON DID CREDIT ME THE SHIPPING , BUT THEY SHOULD HAVE SENT ME THE OTHER ONE AND OVERNIGHTED IT . . THAT WOULD BE REAL CUSTOMER SERVICE ... IT CAME DIRECTLY FROM AMAZON ... ALTHOUGH THERE WERE PROBLEMS THE ONE SEAT COVER IS LOVELY
 Bought this hitch based on the price . Once it arrived , I read the directions only to find that once the hitch is installed , you can not reattach the stock rear bumper . The outside of the box read something about a tube bumper so I do n't know if you could mount a tube rear bumper . I returned it for a refund with no problem from Amazon .
 I purchased this hitch for my 2006 Jeep Wrangler . First off , the hitch I received looks nothing like the one in the picture . It was , however , designed to fit a wide range of Wranglers , including a 2006 . I followed the instructions up to the point where you are required to drill holes for the hitch . I stopped and looked at the hitch for a minute and realized something
 This steering wheel cover has a terrible chemical smell i had to remove it from my steering wheel . It now sits in my trunk .
 Smells bad not very good . and is to big for steering wheel . needs improvment do not buy this item at all
 One more item that can causes cancer ... All the chemicals used in products , including food , is impossible to avoid 100 % for my family -LRB- even though I try ! -RRB- I think this should be stated in description . I would not have wasted my time on such a product .
 I know the advertisement said fits most vehicles , but a honda civic seems popular enough to maybe fit in this category . Not having any dimensions or ranges of steering wheel sizes this would fit , I took a gamble to try it out . It DOES NOT fit on a 13.5 inch diameter -LRB- or even anything 14inches or under -RRB- steering wheel as it 's WAY too big.It did fit on my Toyota Tacoma with a lot of stretching -LRB- barely fit -RRB- . All in all , for just saying fits most vehicles and not posting the size ranges of steering wheels it fits , the seller has made my customer experience rather miserable . The feel of the cover is nice but it has 2 seams which can be ugly if positions at the top or feel annoying if placed at the bottom -LRB- if you drive holding the bottom of the steering wheel -RRB- . Besides that , it 's pretty tuff as it did n't snap or break when I heavily stretched it onto my trucks steering wheel . . so kudos for that . But Seller should include accurate-precise details , not VAGUE descriptions . It 's not only lazy but is a poor marketing technique.My advice to everyone looking to buy a steering wheel cover : If your steering wheel is round -LRB- circle -RRB- measure it from outside edge to inside edge to find the diameter of your steering wheel . Then find a amazon steering wheel cover that actually says what size ranges it fits in the description so you do n't get the wrong size cover like I did . Also , I mentioned to measure the top outside edge to opposite side inside edge of your steering wheel earlier . This is to simply find your steering wheels diameter from center of rim to center of rim -LRB- assuming your steering wheel is even -RRB- , but either way use your best judgement . Hopefully you find one that guarantees an absolute perfect fit .
 The smell of this thing is horrific . It stank for weeks after I installed it . Also the package says that it contains lead and after handling you need to wash your hands . It seems silly that a steering wheel cover would have this warning . I threw it away . Total waste of money !
 Measure your steering wheel before you buy this product . It is said to fit up to 15.5 '' diameter , but that is not true . My wheel is 15.5 '' and I spent a very long time with more than one person trying to fit it on my wheel . It never fit . I think it would even be hard to get on a 15 '' wheel . It is made well and the insulation would probably work , but they need to be more honest about the size of wheel it would fit . It seemed like my wheel would have to be at least an inch smaller .
 I 'm surprised how many people complain about the color of this steering wheel cover ... I guess I just do n't care enough about the color . It is gray . Light gray . There are many shades of gray ... they did n't lie , and everybody 's computer screen displays colors slightly differently . But it is gray.One review did remark how difficult it is to install - which I will second . I think , again , your mileage may vary because some steering wheels are bigger , or have odd shapes or curvatures . Again - not something you 'll be able to tell for yourself until you actually try it out . On my beater 1998 Rodeo , though , it was a chore to install.Which brings me to the meat of this review . My Rodeo has a hard , cold , plastic steering wheel which absolutely sucks the heat out of my hands . On my 1.8 mile commute in the middle of winter , my hands get so cold that it 's painful - so I bought the cheapest steering wheel cover I could find that would actually insulate my hands . And it does this VERY well . It 's very comfortable to drive with this cover on and I would normally recommend it for that reason . However , it 's not the prettiest thing -LRB- even if it did match my car -RRB- and the smell was rather strong for the first few weeks I had it in the car . At least it masked the smell of wet dog from the previous owners!All that said , I am astonished that no one else bothered to comment on the fact that this thing has a bold warning on the cardboard it was attached to
 When I opened the box that this steering wheel cover came in , I almost passed out from the awful smell that this product gives off . Also , the WARNING on the packaging reads
 I returned product ... Warning on package states that it contains lead that has been known to cause cancer , wash hands after touching . R they kidding ... this is a steering wheel cover all you do is TOUCH it !!!! Do not Buy this !!!!!! Mine went right into the garbage ...
 This steering cover smelled up my whole apartment . I put it outside to air three weeks ago . It still stinks ! I ca n't use it .
 Product was returned , Amazon had it listed at 15.5 '' to 16.5 '' and it was 14.5 '' to 15.5 '' so the product would not fit .
 This product does not fit a normal size steering wheel . I have had similar covers before , which always fit , even though they were difficult to get on . This one is IMPOSSIBLE . Nothing I tried worked , including heating it up in the dryer to make it stretch . I returned it . Better off buying one at Walmart where I 've gotten them before .
 The product stinks . Literally . It gives off a toxic smell . And the product contains lead , which causes cancer . And on top of all that , it does n't fit my 2006 VW Jetta steering wheel .
 I have an toyota SUV and this did n't fit the steering wheel -LRB- tried for over an hour ! -RRB- . In the steering wheel covers defense , it did seem to be made of nice quality material . It 's not like I was trying to put it on a bus , it 's just a smaller SUV ! disappointed
 After using this product one month the stiching along the cloth/vinly seam failed and I now have about a 2 inch rip that shows the underlying foam . I see this rip only getting larger . If the rip was not there I would give the product 4 stars .
 Caution
 If you are reading my review right now , you are lucky because you most likely have n't bought this ... thing.For starters , the thing smells like it could kill you ! Anyone might try to tell you that it is just because it is that `` new smell '' but no , it 's the lead and other harmful chemicals used to make it ! Gross!Second , the thing did n't even fit on my steering wheel -LRB- I have a 1994 Honda Civic EX 4-Door -RRB- . Great , now this thing is a complete waste of my time and money ! Big downs to ERGO or whatever this is and the seller who is selling it.The fist thing I did after I tried putting it on my steering wheel was throw it in the trash ! Hell , it smells worse than the trash can!BOOOO ! 2 THUMBS DOWN ! * Do not think I am faking this review , it really is the worst item I 've ever bought off of Amazon . Absolutely appauling !
 I bought this for my Dodge Ram with a 15.5 inch steering wheel . It says it is supposed to fit , but I struggled to get it on . The material finally ripped when i nearly had it on . It is on the steering wheel but the firm molding along the inner edge is ripped apart and the foam is exposed . I 'm sure this would have worked great on a smaller steering wheel . I would n't buy this for a 15.5 inch wheel .
 Cover feels nice , however , it came with a gasoline type smell -LRB- like a grease/car garage/car repair shop kind of smell -RRB- , IMPOSSIBLE to get rid off -LRB- soaked in baking soda , vinegar , washed several times , let ir air out for days -RRB- . AWFULSmell passes to hands and stayed in car even though I took the cover off same day I put it . -LRB- which was a huge effort , super difficult to put on / take off -RRB- . My steering wheel still smells.Total dissapointmet , waste of money . Do n't recommend at all .
 When we got the product , it had a strong petroleum odor . That never quite went away , despite airing out on a screened porch . On top of that , no matter how hard we tried , it did not fit the steering wheel of our Toyota Camry . Now it 's too late to return to Amazon . Perhaps we just got a lemon , but `` Buyer beware ! ''
 Bought this as a gift . Who would have thought that on Christmas morning my husband is reading the packaging to see `` WARNING
 Before you buy this , read the other 1-star reviews . I bought this cover , saw the warning label , and sent it right back for a full refund . How could anyone think importing a poisonous steering wheel cover was a good idea ? This is one steering wheel cover you should n't touch ... Literally !
 I battled stretching this on my Dodge Ram 15.5 inch steering wheel for twenty minutes . When it was almost on the seam ripped apart . I now look at foam inards at the bottom of my steering wheel . I guess all I got was a conversation piece for my passengers .
 Wheel cover is hard to put on the steering wheel , it took me and my father law about 10 minutes of pure brute strength to get it on . The smell is horrible . Every time I touch it my hands smell . I thought it would eventually fade with time but is has n't . I have now had the cover for 3 months and the smell is as bad as day one . I would not wish this wheel cover on my worse enemy .
 I was needing a block heater and went thru the selection process for my 2006 Chevy Aveo 1.6 . When the part arrived I was surprised to see a threaded part . I called Katz technical rep and he said this was the correct part . Today I began the installation process , but made sure I had the correct size replacement plug if this did not fit . After getting out the original freeze plug my worst fears were correct . It did not fit , no threads and the hole was smaller -LRB- 34mm -RRB- . I now have to return part 11405 for 11415 .
 I bought this device to keep the engine oil warm on my 1929 Model A during the freezing winters . Walked into my garage today and smelled an electrical fire smell . I found the device melted in a small pile under my car . Fortunately the circuit breaker tripped and saved my car and the garage from total destruction . This device is not safe . STAY AWAY fom it .
 Item would not heat up the oil pan . Sent this back because when I felt of oil pan on cold day it was not warm at all .
 Put this on my skeed loader it bearly warmed athe oil pan . Still had to use a heater and starting fluid to start it . Not worth the money
 I bought this to keep the engine block on my boat engine from freezing during a cold spell . When I went to move the boat the entire plastic backing had melted away from the magnets and heating element .
 Does not work as advertised . Get a `` Frost/Freeze Plug insert type . That works . Barely heats oil pan . When 30 * F temp , can not tell the thing is on . It gets hot but very poor conduction to target .
 Poor maketing strategy by sending all these e-mails ! Would suggest you do n't send all these e-mails , people do not like them , not really sure what your problem is !
 First item arrived with the retail box destroyed ... hardly new condition . After I complained about the first item they shipped a second one minus the retail box so for all I know its used . Quality of these covers is cheap and reflective of the negative comments posted here about them . I wished I had read them first .
 I love the frog design but these were horrible as far as the fit and the endurance . They ripped in one week on the seam.I would n't buy them again on a bet .
 The seat covers are put on my Honda Civic Hybrid . My wife drives it to work about 20 mile round trip . Only a few days after use , the driver 's side of seat cover is broken already .
 This is a carbon-fiber , round , lighted gear shift knob . It uses two button-type batteries , so be prepared for that . After a month or so , one of the screws in the top disappeared , so now it looks odd . It is comfortable and the lights are fun . I show the car quite a bit in the summer and a lot of those shows are at night , so this will work for interior effects . I think it is a little pricey , though , for what you get .
 Within a week of install the LEDs stopped functioning properly ... could be a case of needing fresh batteries but even so that 's ridiculous given that it 's right out of the package and I have n't turned on the lights much . Plus the mesh has a drawback , if you have anything on your hand it scrapes it off and it 's a pain to clean the little holes . All in all it 's pretty , but ultimately not worth the money in my opinion .
 For my particular vehicle the adapters included with this knob worked , but the screws to keep it mounted kept coming loose leaving me with a wobbly shift knob . I had to wrap my shifter with electrical tape to give them something to grab onto . The LED light looks neat & I like that you can change the color of the light or have it rotate through . However my batteries seemed to die even though I did n't leave the lights on for any long period of time . 2nd time replacing the batteries broke the little battery compartment & the top button flew off into parts unknown . Oh well ...
 Has the whole carbon fiber thing going on . It 's cool because you can change the light settings to several colors and it also has an alternating color choice . But that 's where it ends . The carbon fiber top is cheaply made and if you do a lot of shifting -LRB- driving in traffic -RRB- its bound to break . The light button itself did n't last long before it just stopped working . It 's nice and if it was 15 dollars cheaper it 'd be a decent buy . But for 25 + dollars you 're better off getting something less likely to break . Had this shifter for a little over a year . It broke about 4 months ago .
 These seat covers were ordered OVER a month ago , and it was mentioned that it would take two weeks to ship . Now I see on my delivery estimate it will be another two weeks which translates into 6 weeks . They were to be a gift ... oh well , hard to review something you ca n't see .
 placed an order for 2 normal bottles of 104 regular octane boost for wich i have tried with good results but part of the package is missing . 1 item is missing anyway the 104 max octane single bottle i had ordered was not in the box . box contained 2 reg 104 octane boost , 4 gunk octane boost , 1 can of seafoam and the most exspensive item ordered being the 104 max was not present in pkg . its labeled to be in there but am half wondering wether it will show up in a pkg at a later timeframe because of availabilty issues at shipment time . or wether i just got ripped off !!! will wait another week at most and contact customer service.never received item !!!!!!
 The Magnetic heater was purchased for a Ford tractor 3000 oil pan , but is does ` nt even keep the oil warm at all . Waste of money !!!!!!!!!
 I put it on the oil pan of a 650 motorcycle for 48 hours ... pan wasnt even warm to the touch when I removed it . granted , the pan had cooling fins , but you 'd think the fins would at least be warm .
 I Ordered this to use on my tractor when the lower Rad hose heater crapped out . I had 2 problems with this :1
 The delivered floor mats did not have the required 2 grommet holes in the driver 's side mat . The photo shows 2 grommet holes and it is required for safe driving . I returned the mats the same day that I got them .
 I bought this when I lived in SW US . I was moving 30 days later to Northern Canada where it would be needed . -LRB- It 's not needed in the SW US . -RRB- After arrival in Canada , I had it installed . WITHIN SIX WEEKS IT STOPPED WORKING ! It was completely dead . I hope that 's clear enough . I wrote to Amazon and they said I had to contact the manufacturer since it was over 30 days since I bought it but Amazon said they had no information on who that was . I figured that out and wrote to the manufacturer expressing my dismay . It 's been over six weeks since I wrote and still no answer . I , of course , had to have another one installed . I 'm out about $ 200.00 extra because the one from Amazon was defective . I bought another one at the local NAPA outlet and it 's been working fine . Never buy anything for your car labelled `` Kat 's '' or `` Five Star Mfg. '' . You 'll be ripped off and ignored .
 All the work installing this item from draining the coolant to scrapping my knuckles in tight spots and when all done it worked ok for about 4 weeks and than it just stopped working at all . I called amazon and they put me through to Kat 's manufacture where it came from and they said they never sell Kat 's manufacture products on amazon and there is nothing they can do for me , so back to amazon they sent me a replacement for it thanks . The bottom line is 1 star for Kat 's manufacture and 5 stars for amazon for taken care of there product problems . Do n't buy Kat 's manufacture products from any one its trash .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 I received one for Christmas , installed it easily on my van , however less that a week after I installed it it broke off . It is made of plastic and in cold weather -LRB- which is indicative of the northwest -RRB- the part that spins gets too cold and will snap off while driving .
 Cute as can be and easy to install ... but in a matter of weeks one blade broke off and I really do n't think I got anywhere near anything.Plastic and fragile.Simply not worth more than a few bucks .
 Made of plastic , these decorative propellors break too easily when a rock in the road or something else hits it , rendering it useless . I wrote to the company to inquire if this was common , and they never had the courtesy to respond back to me . Aluminum would be a better choice if someone would consider making it ; being a soft , flexible metal it should not cause harm in an accident as opposed to steel . Perhaps some braniac will consider this in the future .
 Installed the propeller hitch cover easily back in November . Less than three months later one of the blades broke , on a vehicle that is not driven very often . If it is unable to be made in steel for safety purposes , how about aluminum or some other soft metal alloy that will be flexible but not break as easily as the plastic ?
 i only gave it one star because it wo n't allow me to give it no stars . i just used this thing at the beach and when i got back to the car , the plastic trim was melted all over my dashboard and my car seat and it does n't come off . granted the visor is at least 5 years old and might not be this exact model , but it is an axion visor and if it 's supposed to keep your car cooler inside it should n't be melting at any cost . it was only 80 degrees outside and i had the windows cracked too . time to find the corporate phone number , someone 's paying for this ...
 I was afraid the sunshade would have been weak and fall easily . I was right . For the price , you can not ask more . But as a product , it 's below the average .
 Mine came with the box open and the reflector ripped . Did not come with the suction cups like in the pictures . That is the whole reason i bought it because my sun visors dont hold up . So beware , does NOT come with suction cups , its LONG horizontally and REALLY SHORT vertically .
 I have used mine for about 6 months . A few days ago I notice one corner had puffed out . Then when I got in the car I noticed a very strong vinegar type of smell . I could not locate the smell & when I moved the sun shade the smell hit me . The smell is coming from the puffed out part . I do not know what is causing this smell but being from China who knows ? So beware .
 Not at all what I thought it would be . Was flimsy and does n't seem that it will last long . I wo n't try this again .
 I would n't purchase these again . I bought two of these a couple years ago . The quality ended up being poor and they lasted just over a year . The cloth tacking around the outside started to come apart and frayed all over the dashboard . It was difficult to clean up . Then the main silver reflecting part started separating and flaking all over the car . The shades do n't last nearly as long as you think given the price . Another issue is trying to make a claim on the ` Lifetime Guarantee ' . The phone number on the package is now being used by another company and the website -LRB- axius.com -RRB- is no longer active .
 You have to put it together with 3 screws onto the hitch insert . Then it would n't fit under the bumper on my F250 . The top of the flag hits the bumper . Waste of money .
 Does n't come close to fitting . It is inches off and cut poorly . Hangs down 10 inches on each side because it was so poorly made . Look elsewhere , this one is going back . It does n't even deserve the single star I had to put .
 Price is nice but the product is not . Installed it and the chord it came with did not make connection with the pins at all . Not only was the chord junk but it started leaking drips of coolant throughout the element seals not where it goes into the block but where the chord connects too so now I had a bad chord and coolant entering the electrical side of the component and even heard a small arc/pop inside the chord when I tried to plug it in one last time . Returned it and requested a refund too much mess to deal with a sub par component that did n't even work by the end of the first week
 The Kats plug heater was only installed in my 2006 Xterra 1 year ago . At the time , the tech stated the unit looked sort of cheap , compared to the units they usually installed -LRB- NAPA BALKAMP -RRB- , which , unfortunately , had no listing for the Xterra at the time.Anyway , in ONE YEAR , and the first time I try to plug it in this year , it keeps popping the breaker . A check showed the element has failed after one year , somehow over the spring/summer , and is shorted internally.I hunted down a ZEROSTART unit . It is MUCH more heavily built , and seems much better made . It DOES cost more , but it should be cheaper than replacing a Kats every year or so.I 'm an engineer , and the two units are at a different level of quality . It 's OBVIOUS when they are placed side-to-side . The Kats is MUCH lighter in weight.I usually do ALL my own `` wrenching '' , I had a tech install this a year ago because I had n't been able to find the time.Anyway , as a `` wrencher '' of 32 + years , and an engineer , I 'd advise you look for a Zerostart , maybe a NAPA/BALKAMP if you can find one . They run about 2X the price , but `` You get what you pay for '' , and what you pay is immaterial to the labor for most cars/trucks to have these installed . GD/Colorado Springs , Colorado `` It gets COLD at 7000ft . elevation ! ''
 ... these are cheap and cost pennies on the dollar to ship ... yet he charges over $ 4.00 in his favour because he does n't want to advertise honestly that it costs only .23 cents to ship , so he lowers the item price then raises the shipping and lies to you . On top of that ... he sends you tons of e-mails that harass you afterwards . I have e-mails that prove it !!
 A waste of money . The mat was a poor fit -LRB- e.g. , holes did not line up with the vents -RRB- . And the fabric retained a bumpy look ; it would not lay flat even after I tried to steam it and leave it out in the open to flatten . In desperation , I tried to iron it , which was a mistake because the patch I ironed ended up with a melted look . I wasted so much time working with the fabric , thinking it would `` relax '' if I just left it alone . After a year , I gave up and dumped the thing .
 Fit was okay for my 2009 Civic , but material -LRB- carpet -RRB- was very flimsy , so much so that you could easily see light through it . I returned it for a refund and will look elsewhere for a dashboard cover of higher quality .
 This blade fits my 2002 Lexus to the extent it sits well on the hook . Unfortunately that is the only thing this blade does well . In regards to cleaning and actually wiping the glass it is worse than useless . It just sort of smears the water over the windshield and visibility is even worse than with no blade at all .
 Despite the supplier 's assertation that this blade was suitable for my vehicle , it was not . The connection method was for a typical vehicle , not a Land Rover which requires a specific system of connection to wiper arm.I was forced to fabricate a working connection and only time will tell if this will be adequate.I would not reccomend this product or manufacturer due to inaccurate claim of suitability .
 This 14 '' Rain-X Weatherbeater Wiper Blade does not fit the rear of a 2008 VW GTI as stated in the description.The wiper arm is not a shepard 's crook.This is an OEM item only !
 These wipers are offered at many local retial stores . They do not fit the Audi A4 base and quattro models . Reason being is , that while the wiper blade control arm is a ` hook ' form , the way the outer part of the arm is designed , the hook space is actually much more narrow than your standard wiper blade . Basically , you need a wiper blade which has a smaller clip on space . Like much of the other blades offered at retial stores , the wider clip on space fits great on other vehicals , just not on Audi . I was thinking of purchasing the Bosch ones for mine , but now I am a little skeptical , considering I am being recommended a wiper I know for a fact does not fit my car .
 Rain-X Weatherbeater Wiper Blade , 24 '' -LRB- Pack of 1 -RRB- I went to the amazon site and there was an option to check to see if my car would match the wiper blades I was ordering . The option said that the blades would match so then I ordered them . When I got them they were completely the wrong size and did not fit on the vehicle . I sent a message to the seller and never got a reply.Wiper blades are good quality , seller is not .
 I 've always purchased Rain-X , because they have always made great products . Wiper blades , washer-fluid , you name it . But recently , I purchased a set of Rain-X Weatherbeater wipers for '03 Lincoln LS . I have a little bit larger windshield , so I need an 18 and 24 . They went on perfect , like always . HOWEVER , after my first swipe of my windshield , I noticed it left as much water as it was intended to wipe off . I decided to stick with it to see if it was just because maybe it had to settle ? -LRB- I do n't know , I was determined to stick with Rain-X -RRB- . After seeing no results , I decided to call Rain-X to let them know , and they told me they needed to see the wiper and have it sent in . So that 's what I did . As I was taking the wiper blade off of my windshield , a piece broke , the wiper holder snapped , fell and cracked my windshield . Not just a little , like a whole replacements worth . And on top of that , Rain-X still hasnt ' even called me , and I sent that wiper through over-night , last week Thursday . I 'm f o r e v e r finished with this product and this company as well . Had they made a better quality wiper blade , I would n't be paying through the nose for something like this .
 Although Amazon gurantees this blade fits the 2011 Ford Fusion , it does not ! The connectors provided do not fit on the arm .
 The wipers are a pain to install espically for large minivans and large `` j '' hooks . Could not get them to work properly . things are expensive and a piece of crap .
 I have had these one 2 vehicles . On two of the wipers the plastic adapter has broken on both . The performance is okay . Although , the standard wipers do just a good of a job , for a fraction of the price . And as stated on another review , they do n't seem to `` hug '' the glass , as they should . At one point I did receive a `` refund '' from Rain-X for the purchase price -LRB- took about 3 months -RRB- , but I will not buy their wipers again . I will still by the rain repelling products , in a heart beat . No one has been able to match those .
 Sorry Amazon , the Weatherbeater wipers are not premium anything.I gave them two stars cause I wanted to be nice.Three months after purchasing these blades and they are candidatesfor the dump already . Streaking badly.I do n't have a horse in this race , but my suggestion is to spenda few more bucks and buy a better product.These blades are poor quality . Will never buy them again .
 According to the selection process , it showed that this product fits my car . I have had trouble making this fit for my car . Again , with all my reviews , I research more than the average person and thus far I had to put the old wiper blades back on my car - sorry ... . I hate giving bad reviews , but this is what I feel .
 My Nissan Murano uses a 26 '' blade on the driver 's side and an 18 '' on the passenger side . The 18 '' works great . But the 26 '' blade sticks up at the last 4 '' or 5 '' of the blade due to the curve of the windshield . It hugs the windshield tight when in the fully down position , but as the blade moves it loses contact and at the far position the last 5 '' of the blade is completely lifted off the windshield doing no good at all . This blade is worthless if you have a Murano . I 'm trying to find another one that will press down on the glass for the entire sweep of the blade .
 I ordered these Rain X Weatherbeater windshield wiper blades to replace the OEM blades on my 2010 Jeep Patriot . I figured since Rain X was a pretty well known name that they would put out a quality product . Boy was I wrong ! Install was easy , as I drive a Jeep it 's equiped with the universal mount . These things began streaking immediately , very difficult to see out windshield . i am absolutely disgusted with this product , I removed them and ended up putting on Michelin blades which work so far . Rain X has really let me down this time and I will NOT be purchasing these in the future . I will stick to their anti-fog formula , and so should they . They sure swung and missed on wiper blades .
 Bought these for a 2008 Dodge Grand Caravan in the correct size but we could not get them on . We messed around in the freezing Minnesota cold for 1/2 hour or so and ended up returning them . Bought Michelin brand and had both wipers on in less than 5 mins .
 Not much to say - after 6 months of use , the thin rubber strip that comes in contact with the windshield cracked off the base of the wiper and peeled off about half way up the blade.Pretty useless product if it is not going to even last one year .
 Could n't use it ! You sent me one that does n't fit a Toyota Avalon . Had to go to auto supplystore and buy one that fits !!!
 The blade is the correct length , but the spindle that snaps into the blade holder is a bit too small.I had to wedge a piece of thick paper to get it to snap in snugly . The next time I 'll look for theSaturn replacement Part # 96624648 for my '08 Vue .
 After messing with it , even using a pair of pliers to widen the hole so the wiper arm would fit , the post did n't fit my Honda Element 2009 even though Amazon 's Part Finder said it would . I ended up removing just the wiper blade -LRB- after prying it out with needle nose pliers -RRB- and sliding the new blade onto the old OEM Honda fittings . NOT HAPPY that Amazon 's Part Finder is dead wrong !
 Must echo the other one star reviews . These blades and brackets do n't flex enough to cover the entire windshield , and the other shorter Rain-X shown as fitting on the passenger side is both 1 '' shorter than OEM and also does n't flex enough . You can not take the blade only and fit it into the Honda brackets either because the back of the blade is too narrow , falls right out . These should not be listed as fitting CR-Vs .
 I bought a 26 '' and 18 '' for my wife 's 2010 Honda CRV . Both blades partial lift off the windshield about halfway down . The curvature of the windshield is too great for these blades . Too bad .
 The website said it fits my car but the Nissan Juke takes a large J-hook adapter and the blade comes with a small J-hook adapter .
 I have usually used Anco blades , which normally last about 4 months . Last time I bought Bosch , which lasted about a year . Based on Amazon customer reviews , I tried the RainX . A couple days after I put them on I drove about 45 minutes through moderate rain and they chattered , shuddered and squeaked the whole time . Since that time I have used them about 4 times in similar situations and the same thing happened each time , for the whole time I was driving . I am now ordering new Bosch blades and as soon as they get here the RainX will go in the trash can , where I am sure they will perform at their best .
 I 've had these blades for a few months now and the day I installed them they left streaks when I used them . Today they are just as bad . I 've tried cleaning the blade , making sure there is n't a leaf or some dirt under , but they struggle . Try another brand , these are n't great .
 I purchased this recently and installed it on the passenger side of my 2004 Mazda3 hatchback . It installed very easily , but a few days later , as I was driving , the blade slipped off the the arm . I was foruntately able to pull off the road and snap it back on . That evening , as I was driving home , it happened again , about four times , and my commute is only 8 miles . The last time I stopped , I tried to stretch the clip in an effort to create more tension , but I do n't know if it worked or not . This has happened to me in the past , and it was also on this brand of wiper blade.My husband also replaced his wiper blades with these and as he was driving home from work , 30 miles from home , it also happened to him.I did some research and found others have had simlar experiences with these . I am now never purchasing Rain-x wiper blades again . As far as I 'm concerned , these create a grave safety hazard and should be taken off the market !
 I got these wiper blades for my 2007 Honda CRV . The problem is , the blades are so stiff they do not conform to the windshield , so they only touch about half of the length they are supposed to . So , I have 2 clean arcs on my windshield , and dirty area in between . Do not buy these !!!
 I ca n't tell if it 's this wiper or the other wiper -LRB- both are this RainX brand though -RRB- that are causing the problem but there 's a large triangle int he middle of the windshield that does n't get wiped at all . Also , the area the wiper does make contact with it very streaky . Instead of squeegee-ing it off the glass , it 's just sort of moving it around . Never again RainX !
 These are terrible for my 2006 Acura TSX . The wiper fits , but there is a large section in the middle of the windshield that this wiper misses completely . The blade assembly is not flexible enough to fit the contour of the windshield in this section . Not recommended at all for this application .
 Did n't fit the rear wiper arm for 2009 Suzuki Grand Vitara , the arm was too wide for the wiper to attach to . I just ended up using it as a refill and installed the new blade into the factory wiper .
 Rain-X Weatherbeater Wiper Blade , 15 '' -LRB- Pack of 1 -RRB- As you can see I put my year and make and model and see below : This product fits your 2003 Dodge DurangoFitment Notes
 Okay , so I had previously written a positive review after having the wipers for a few days . Now after having them for a few weeks , my opinion has drastically changed ! The wipers started leaving streaks , then the wipers started falling off completely . Everytime I tried to use the wipers they would come off , they 're the right size . I had a mechanic friend check them out . He basically just told me that I got ripped off and when my boyfriend first looked at the wipers for me , he took the blade off and my wiper fell and cracked my windshield . haha , awesome ! So , now i 'm stuck with crappy wipers and a cracked windshield . I should have listened to the negative reviews !
 the weatherbeater wiper blades did n't last too long . it was streakfree only for 2 months , then it became too streaky that I had to replace them -LRB- as I could n't see through the windshield -RRB- with a different brand .
 The wipers did not fit even though I used the vehicle selection process to check.The wipers themselves may be fine , but they do n't fit my car.Not worth returning , but I am disappointed
 I bought blades by the same brand for my Acura and I liked them , so I thought that I would get these for the CRV . The Amazon part finder said that they would fit the CRV , but they do not . The attachment handle is recessed and it caused the blade to butt up against the wiper arm .
 This will not fit my vehicle . Had to remove the insert and just use it without the assembly . Waste of money and time .
 I 'm in the Seattle area and I installed these on my 10 year old Toyota Avalon about seven weeks ago and while they worked adequately for the first few weeks I will end up replacing them this week as they now chatter horribly if you have anything less than a stead downpour , in other words ; the type of drizzle Seattle has five months out of the year.I ca n't speak to the Rain-X properties because I treated my windows with the Rain-X product -LRB- which I quite like -RRB- a few weeks before purchasing these blades so there was no way to tell how long , or even if , the blades helped . They get two stars for actually removing water from the windshield but I wo n't be purchasing them again . Do yourself a favor and just use the product on your car and forget their wipers .
 Waste of money , lasted ONLY 2 weeks this summer . Garbage . Pay a little more for Bosch or same for Anco .
 I purchased these blades at Target . Very difficult to get on my 1994 Civic . After 3 weeks in Wisconsin snow they were leaving streaks on my windows again . Today in the snow they iced up on my windshield . Had to pull to the side of the road to clean the blades . Back on the highway they were fine for a few minutes and the same thing happened again - streaks and ice . Nearly got killed because I could not see through my windshield . The defrost , windshield fluid etc did n't help ... the blades were streaking everywhere and all I could see was the lights of the cars around me through the white streaked windshield . Truly thought I was going to die . Never again with these blades .
 Not much description so I was taking a chance and it was not what I needed .
 I 'm sure the product would be fine if it fit . Amazon states they fit with the CLk 320 and they are n't even close . I 'm assuming this is the case for many German cars as they rarely use the standard J-hook . Nothing 's wrong with the product to my knowledge . Just be wary if you do n't have a standard J-hook wiper system .
 This blade does not fit a 2010 Honda CRV as advertised . The front half of the blade does n't touch the windshield .
 I purchased this a week ago and when I installed it onto my car , there was a section that it didnt cover . So when I wet my windshield and turn on the wipers , there is a spot -LSB- approx . size of a fist -RSB- that it does n't cover even though it goes over the spot . It just bugs the heck out of me .
 These were pretty awful . I bought them from Target and put them on my Camry 2009 and it was streak city . I 'm going to be honest , I know nothing about cars which is why I have n't changed my windshield wipers in nearly 4 years but the 4 year wipers performed better than these . It was an absolute disappointment . Never again . Shameful product .
 I think these are a terrible product.Within a week they were already streaking.The last straw for me was that one of the retaining clips has come loose , so every few days the wiper blade will come off of the arm and flop over . I have to wait until I stop and fix the arm.Also , the bottom half of the blade moves a lot in the wind even at low speeds . Just a cheap product . I suspect they are capitalizing on the name brand.My friend recommended the washer fluid , as that works well for him.I 'll be replacing these blades with a more normal product this weekend .
 . sorry but this product did not fit my 2005 honda element rear wiper that i neede . i returned it to you .
 This replacement wiper does NOT fit 1997 Ford Explorer rear wiper arm . It may be 14 inches , but the mount on this blade is the traditional hook mount , while the rear wiper arm on the 1997 Ford Explorer -LRB- and possibly many other model years -RRB- is a pin mount - a snap clip in the wiper secures it to the pin , not a hook . This does not fit a 1997 Ford Explorer at all , front or rear as advertised .
 the 14 '' wiper blade came apart in one winter . the 18 '' 19 '' blades skip & chatter . false advertising of product by rain-x
 I bought blades by the same brand for my Acura and I liked them , so I thought that I would get these for the CRV . The Amazon part finder said that they would fit the CRV , but they do not . The attachment handle is recessed and it caused the blade to butt up against the wiper arm .
 The clip does not fit my 2004 Jeep . The wiper may be the right size but unless you want to duct tape it to your vehicle it wo n't do you much good . The return will cost more than the product . Just picked one up locally and it came with a different clip . FYI the shipped wiper came in a huge box with nothing , just like someone plucked it out of the sky to fill the order not paying attention to size and fit .
 The chart says that this fits a Toyota 4Runner . I even entered in my Toyota 4Runner -LRB- 2004 -RRB- again to check and it says it fits , but it does not ! You have to either get a replacement blade and put in the OEM blade or an entire new wiper OEM blade , this does not fit and the blade that I tried to slide out of this rain x blade to slide into the one of the old OEM does not even fit ! I tried to cut it down to size , big mistake , the blade metal parts fell out and it ruined it , so now I have a worthless blade that I ca n't even return ! This should not be on the chart to fit a Toyota 4Runner rear window !!!!
 NEW REVIEWAfter a short while they start squeaking badly , and do n't work as well . I know wipers need frequent changes , but these are just ok , nothing special.OLD REVIEWThey 're inexpensive , and if you follow the replacement schedule , then they work well . I find that these are the only ones that `` comfortably '' fit my 06 Honda Accord . All the others -LRB- Anco , Michelin , etc. . . -RRB- do n't fit well because of this stupid little bracket that 's on the car 's wiper arm . I did notice that right around that 6 month replacement schedule , the performance quickly deteriorates , so as long as you replace often , then you 're good to go . IF you 're expecting something to last a year , then get ready for some streaks . They are on the cheaper/flimsy side for sure , but I have n't had one break yet !
 We normally have great luck with these wipers but the last 2 sets we have purchased melted to the windshield on sunny 60 degree day . No good for warm climates
 This wiper blade does not fit in the rear arm on a 2008-2009 Saturn VUE . The arm holds the blade by the pin so the J-hook adaptor needed to be removed . The pin in the blade is too small , so the clip in the arm does not retain the blade . This is the only blade that shows up in aftermarket searches so I conclude that this is a dealership part .
 I bought these wiper blades because they were affordable , and I believe I bought them from a retail store in the past . Honestly , you get what you pay for . Within the week of putting them on , we had a snow storm , and these could barely keep my windshield clean . They squeaked , creaked , and made other loud noises as they steeped across my window , leaving large streaks uncleared.If you live on a sunny island with rare rain showers and no snow , I recommend these wiper blades ! For the rest of us , do n't be cheap like I was ! Buy a better blade !
 i bought this for a 2004 Acura based on the recommendations on the website . big mistake . together with its recommended passenger side blade , they leave an enormous unwiped spot in the middle of the windshield . wish i had not bought
 Ordered for 2005 Ford Freestyle . Wiper sent does NOT include fitment pieces required to mount on that vehicle . Only &#34; replacement &#34; is shown on return screen . Why would I replace this with same item that does not fit ?
 I replaced my OEM wiper blades on my new car with these and they were absolutely terrible , left streaks and no matter what would not remove water from the windshield . When this line of wiper blades first came out they were awesome and cheap . Now they are just cheap ... after 2 days i 'm replacing them .
 Even thought the chart said for a 2010 Ford Fusion it did not fit . Had to go to Ford Dealer to get the right ones
 I bought these because my old ones were getting old and leaving a lot of streaks.I saw a commercial saying the Rainex blades never streak But the ended up streaking more than the old ones.In my opinion these are the WORST wiper blades I 've had.Save your money ... pass them by .
 The sizes of the blades are not correct . My husband even tried to buy extensions for the blades and could n't find anything that would help these blades to fit . Also , because we took too long looking for a way to use the blades we were too late to return for a full refund . This if you buy from Amazon . We bought some blades from Auto Alley and they took back the blades with no issues . So watch where you buy the blades from and do n't expect them to fit even if you know the size you need .
 The three year old Bosch wiper was squeaking because it 'd turned stiff and would n't flip over on the opposite stroke . I replaced it with Rain-X . The wiper streaked along its entire length after installation when I used my windshield washer . I 'd hoped that in a heavy rain it would clean up and work well . WRONG ! It got worse and my visibility was so poor that I felt that driving was dangerous . Luckily I did n't have far to go before I could change it . I 've always liked the Rain-X liquid so felt that I could trust the brand . Maybe I got a bad one but I 've never had this happen with other brands . I wo n't chance buying these again .
 This blade does not fit a 2011 CR-V , the shape of the windshield and the location of the wiper it will not allow the blade to bend correctly and be able to swipe across using the top half of the blade and it blocks the water from spraying the window .
 On my Honda CRV , this blade does not have enough curve or swivel capacity to wipe the full area across the glass . A large area in the low center region of the windshield , probably about one square foot , is not touched at all by the wiper blade.I examined the wiper and I can see that there is no chance for that portion of the blade to conform to the slightly curved shape of the glass . If the blade assembly had more of an arch , or if it could swivel a bit more at the pivot point on the wiper arm , it would probably work much better.I am going to try bending the end of the blade assembly a little to see it that helps , but I will not be buying any more Rain-X blades for this car .
 These ar the worst wipers I have ever had - I actually miss my worn out ones . They streak and do a horrible job - I will be replaceing this weekend - total wast of $
 When I ordered it , the ad said it was an exact fit for my 2008 Saturn Vue . It was not ! Mounting pin was too small of a diameter . I ended up taking the blade only out of it and put it in my old frame , just to salvage it . It needs and alternate pin included for other applications.T W
 ordered what the rain x site told me I needed for my car . It was the wrong blade and would notfit . Wasted a week waiting on it . Package I received from Amazon had been previously opened . Return took about 2 weeks to get my money back . All and all a 3 week waste of my time .
 Although these wipers do work very good as I do have this product on the front of my auto , there are certain makes of cars that you can only get the rear wiper from the dealer . My Toyota 2003 Rav4 is one of those that for the rear 14 ' wiper blade is a dealer item only . I have heard the same for Subaru and I 'm sure there are others . After ordering this and finding out it wo n't work , what do you do , do you return it ? It cost to ship it both ways , which costs more than the original part in the end ! so most people just eat the cost and then are stuck with a wiper blade that they can not use ! So buyer beware , even if the search that Amazon has and which I used for the properly fitting blade says it fits on the rear of your auto , question it !
 I bought two pair in different sizes and one pair was great but the other pair had deteriorated edges that left water in lines from the first use and one lock did n't secure the blade to the arm well . I had to buy a replacement immediately .
 I have tried most past and current brands of windshield wipers throughout my 30 + years of car ownership . These such for many reasons . Without a doubt , they were one of the hardest to install , and my cars have been easy to replace the blades on . The performance of these was started off fair at best and then got bad in a hurry . I had to replace them after very little use in a 3 month time frame . NEVER AGAIN FOR ANY PRICE . Junk .
 I purchased these blades because of the reviews and books in Wal-Mart that said they were ` premium ' quality . HA ! What a joke.The dealer installed the flat-blade design on my Acura RDX and got chattering only after about 2 months of use . I thought it was because of the design.I then put the weatherbeater design on my Solara because of the high reviews . With Aquapel applied to the windshield , I still get chattering , and that was after 10 minutes into the first use.Streaking is unreal ! I could barely see out of the windshield because of all the streaking haze . I just left the wipers off and relied on the Aquapel . Yeah , it was that bad.Do the manufactures even test their products ? Looks like they would put some of the money that they spend on their fancy packaging and put towards testing and improving the quality.VERY DISAPPOINTED ! SAVE YOUR MONEY , BUT SOMETHING ELSE !
 I will not buy this brand again . Bought two sets and both fell apart after about a month of use .
 Wish I had read the other reviews -- they were a pain to put on , with very unclear instructions.And to top it all off , even though it 's `` the right size '' and the garage thing says it will fit , they actually do n't -- the hit the trim.I do n't intend to purchase this brand again .
 I bought weatherbeater wiper blades 22 '' and 26 '' for my Honda Civic Hybrid 2007 from amazon.com since amazon assured me that they fit my car . The web site indicated
 These blades are absolute JUNK . Wiper blades are pretty basic in their design and purpose . Rain falls onto your window , the blades take it off . Not so with these blades.Install was easy , but that is n't specific to these blades as almost every blade is an easy install.From day 1 these blades `` stutter '' as they wipe creating a trail of water and a loud screeching sound with every swipe . They basically can not do the one task they are made to do.This is not specific to one blade either . Both the driver and passenger blade does the exact same thing . So I basically keep my wipers on either intermittent or I keep them off and only turn them on once there is so much water on my windshield that I HAVE to turn them on.Real Safe.I have even tried uninstalling them and reinstalling them and they work no better.I would have given 0 stars if I could have . I am using these on a 2005 Acura TL .
 The blade was worse then the one I thru away.Reva BochnerUnsatisfiedI will never buy this product from you again
 I bought the 20 inch blade for the driver side wiper and 18 inch for the passenger side wiper of my Honda Civic . The 18 inch seems to be working o.k. while the 20 inch does not work at all . As soon as I started using it , the blade would buckle and smear causing very little visibility . These blades are cheap , flimsy and dangerous . I returned it immediately . I will say Amazon was great in allowing me to return it .
 these wiper blades are n't worth it if they were free , unless your buying them to have them streak your windows with every wipe .
 Amazon says these fit 1993 Jeep Wranglers . They do n't . The package specifically states that they fit 98 % of vehicles with a small footnote that says ` after 1994 . ' I had to drill a hole in the plastic piece in order to make them fit on my 93 Jeep , so be aware .
 Not the right length and did n't even fit my rear wiper frame assembly like it was advertised for my vehicle . I have a 2004 Toyota 4Runner . Ended up taking only the insert and cutting it to right length . Blade cleans well but I expected plug - & - play .
 Waste of money . Bought these in April 09 , by Oct/Nov 09 ' they started coming apart . I live in So Calif so it 's not like they 've gotten used a lot either .
 the adapter needed to fit my car 's j-arm was cheaply made , broke while inserting . I do not recommend this product .
 Even though this came up as a match for my Suzuki SX4 it was n't even a close fit . Quite disappointing !
 Despite what they say , this blade does not fit a 2009 CR-V . Between the shape of the windshield and the hinge location on the wiper , it will not allow the blade to bend correctly and be able to swipe across using the top half of the blade . Do not waste your money if you are buying this for a 2009 CR-V
 Might be a nice blade , but I wo n't know as it comes nowhere close to fitting my 2005 Grand Cherokee . Have n't tried yet but from the picture the Trico Exact Fit looks just like the original blade and some Jeep owners have written that it fits.Trico 14-C Exact Fit Rear Wiper Blade - 14 ''
 After doing some research on Rain-X 's website , the installation instructions for this rear window wiper stated that in order to install onto a pin arm you have to remove the pre-installed J hook connector and replace with the appropriate pin arm connector , which is included in the package.The wiper arrived with a J hook connector as stated on their website , however my package , unopened , did not come with any replacement connectors for other arm types . My 1998 Nissan Quest takes a pin arm on the rear window.However , and I am lucky I must say , I noticed that although the wiper is meant for a small J hook connector only , the metal housing had a 3/16 '' pin arm hole in the appropriate place . With a little fiddling , I took the connector out of the old OEM wiper and was able to snap it into place on the Rain-X wiper , and the connector hole lined up . Of course , the metal housing on the Rain-X wiper is a little different , so I had to take an x-acto knife and widdle a little of the plastic off of one end of the old wiper 's plastic pin arm connector so that it would swing freely and not get caught by the new Rain-X wiper 's metal housing . It 's hard to explain but if you find yourself in the same position , you 'll know what I mean.I think this is a fault of Amazon and their secondary supplier . Nowadays , Rain-X wipers tend to include connector accessories for the myriad of arm types . I know this because I 've used many Rain-X wipers and there have always been extra connectors in the package . Rain-X 's website also state in their installation instructions to use the appropriate connector.This must be an old product because it did not have any connector accessories included . Amazon should also advertise that it is only for SMALL J HOOK type arms . If you have a large J Hook type arm , it wo n't fit because there is no connector accessories . If you have a bayonet type arm then it wo n't fit either . If you have a 3/16 '' pin arm , you might be able to make it work by reusing the old wiper 's connector , like I did . If you have a 1/4 '' pin arm , nope , wo n't fit either because the hole that is in the housing is too small.So , BEWARE , this is only for SMALL J HOOK type arms , and MIGHT fit 3/16 '' pin type arms , as long as you have some DIY spirit .
 Typically , I seem to have to change the wiper blades once a year , but I got these wiper blades May 27 , and they are already terrible in the rain -LRB- 5 months on a secondary vehicle -RRB- . This could be a fluke for these particular blades , but I am disappointed in their durability nonetheless.Moreover , the chemicals used in for the Rain-X aspecxt leaves a film on the winshield where where the blades stop before heading back towards the hood.I do like Rain-X for keeping the rain water beading when driving - many times I do n't need to use the wipers that much , which under logic , would mean that should last a long time -LRB- minus sun and heat damage in the summer -RRB- . I might just stick to Rain-X 's other products ...
 I trust Amazon a lot , now maybe to much , especially with my vehicle . The garage for my car in Amazon said the wiper would fit but was much too small for my back glass . I had to pull out the wiper part from the new housing and force it into the OEM housing . Should have just bought a refill and not wasted $ 14 .
 I purchased one of these wipers for the rear window of my Honda Element . It was indicated that this particular wiper blade fits the OEM wiper arm . It does n't . I ended up going to Honda and just buying the new rubber , which works just fine .
 Bought this product for my ford fusion 2008 . . the blades fit but ended up with streaking visibility in the rain . Awful , do n't buy !
 I bought these for a 95 Jeep Wrangler . They are good wipers , but the connector did n't fit my factory bayonet mounts and there are no adapters
 Purchased these and they worked great for the first month , after that I started to notice the wipers were skipping on my windshield . When I looked closer I noticed that the rubber strip that sits on the windshield was bent and warped in places , almost like the wipers were bent backwards in places and just stayed that way . Wasted $ 60 on 3 wipers when they first came out .
 Rain-X really dropped the ball on this one . Both leave the windshield streaked . Even after cleaning with Rain-X automotive window cleaner . Will replace with a piece of Celery or a stick of gum .
 Currently rolling a 93 Jeep Wrangler . Purchased the RainX Weatherbeater , size 12 , at the local PepBoys . This model year of jeep has a pin arm wiper assembly and the adapter that comes with this particular wiper blade does not fit . The fit will have to be fabricated and for something that should just snap right on , why bother . This item is easy to find and looks to be a quality product , but , until RainX provides a universal adapter , go with another brand .
 These do not fit my 2001 A4 properly . The attachment point is the problem . These come ready to fit a 9x3 j-hook . The adapter included is supposed to make them fit Audi 's 9x4 j-hook , but it does not . The connection is loose and does not snap firmly into place .
 Amazon parts finder indicated that this would fit my 2008 Acura MDX . It does not . The MDX does not have a simple j-hook connector which this wiper blade only fits . Rain-x description says it fits 98 % of all vehicles . Mine is in the 2 % . Amazon did give me a credit for returning the wiper blade .
 Just like the title says . The blade is too wide to fit through the rear wiper arm . I ended up breaking it -LRB- yes , I know , stupid me -RRB- trying to get it to fit . Just be aware that if you have a slide-through wiper arm that this WILL NOT FIT .
 I usually love Rain-x products . I bought 4 Rain-x weatherbeater wiper blades from Amazon.com on Jan 10th . 3 at 22 '' and 1 at 19 '' . They were a good deal compared to the local autopart stores and the superstore in my area . ALL FOUR WIPERS WERE HORRIBLE . Right out of the package . I could n't say they wiped ... . more of a smear , with streaks from one tip to the other . These are the worst wipers I have ever had . I do n't know if it was just a bad lot they produced or if it 's typical of rain-x wipers . It 's a good thing I use the rain-x windshield treatment . I do n't have to use my wipers as often . LOL . I contacted rain-x , to their credit they are sending me a refund in 2-4 weeks . Sorry Rain-x . Going back to Bosch wiper blades . It 's a safety thing.RobSLC Utah .
 I was pointed towards the Rain-x weatherbeaters by my mother . She had good luck with them on her pickup so I figured i would give them a try . I check to see if they fit on my truck . Amazon checks out and says they fit . I order them for under 9 bucks . I go to put on the wipers , and the blade does n't come with the newest model of wiper attachment for my silverado . So I wait 2 weeks for my wiper when I could have spent double and find out it does n't fit . It 's so frustrating , I 'm not going to be buying anything small like this online anymore . VERY FRUSTRATING ...
 I have installed these in both sides of my Mazda 3 . The passenger side -LRB- 18 inches long -RRB- came off on it 's own . Fortunately it was on a local street and not highway speed . I found that the clip was n't enough to hold the wiper in place , as a result the wiper can be uninstalled even without lifting the arm !! I boughtBosch 40918 Excel Micro Edge Wiper Blade - 18 `` as a replacement on both of my wipers and they are impossible to come lose once the wiper arms are set , they are also priced quite competitively for a name brand.Stay away from these at all cost !!
 Having been lulled into complacency by Amazon 's assurances -- which worked perfectly for both windshield wipers -- the RainX wiper is not compatible with the rear window of my BMW 2000X5 -LRB- for which the blade and arm are a single riveted mechanism -RRB- , which is the only reason I gave the wiper a single star . Amazon 's return policies are stellar , however , so all is forgiven .
 My original wipers started to wear down , causing streaks that are at best annoying and at worst a dangerous hazard . I bought these new wiper blades to fix the problem , but streaks are still there . I do not recommend this product . I will try looking at the Bosch Ion wipers instead .
 What a bad product ! They did n't last two weeks before they began to smear my windshield !
 first got it from kragens it was really good . wiped all the water off.but the problem was it only wiped all the water off for only 2 days after that it skips and failed to wipe all the water off . spots of water everywhere on my windshield.so dont ever get this because its just not worth it . should have just gotten basch ...
 do NOT buy from amazon . do NOT buy from seller U.S.S. Autoparts.this wiper did not fit my car as the page stated it would . i contacted both amazon and the seller for a refund process . both stated to contact the other and gave me the run around and then ultimately offered a ludicrous refund `` promo '' return price.do NOT buy from amazon . do NOT buy from seller U.S.S. Autoparts .
 Bought 3 pairs for all my cars . What a waste of money
 parts broken but I managed to use it . Too much trouble to send it back.I 'll never purchase from internet again .
 Someone goofed , they said that this wiper would fit my 2005 Toyota Rav4 , it did not fit.I have not returned it yet , I going to see if it fits a friends car .
 Purchased a set of these wipers for my wife 's Rav 4 March of 2012 . As rainy season was about over , decided to keep them in the garage until a couple of days ago . Installed them easily.Fired them up to try them , , , , windshield was wet from morning dew . Streaked badly.However drove off with them on as was in a hurry and felt that I would deal them later.Later yesterday , got a bit of rain . Turned them on , they streaked so badly that almost unable to see at all , , , , the left side far worse than right side.Windshield is clean and smooth , , , , no roughness or defects.Today I called Rain-X support 1-800-416-1600 and spoke to a lady named Adrian.Told her of my issues . She asked when purchased . I said March 2012 and installed a couple of days ago . She then said that there blades were only good for 6 to 12 months . I told her that had been stored . She asked if in `` temperature controlled environment '' ? . I said in the garage where temp never exceeds 85 degrees and were kept in original packaging in a dark closet . She said that was the problem.I told here that the original wipers on the Toyota Rav 4 were 3 years old and still functioned better than Rain-x that were 6 months old , stored properly , , , not exposed to elements and never used , and yet were far worse in smearing of windshield than the old originals.She then told me that they have 90 day warranty and with receipt I could return . I said that I purchased 6 months ago and had kept for when I would need them . She said that was too bad and there was nothing that could be done , , , , , that my improper storage was why they failed.I asked her if 3 year old originals that had been used and baked in the sun and elements were superior to Rain-X blades that had been stored properly for 6 months and unused . She said that she was not suggesting that at all.As an aside , , , , made in Korea , assembled in China.Cannot understand why Rain-X even provides a Customer Support number , , , , as there certainly is no support here . If Adrian was my employee , I could can her as she truly is inept.Likely the worst product that I 've ever purchased .
 Even though the site claims `` This product fits your 2005 Acura RL '' it is 4 inches too short . When I printed the return label it claims that it is my fault and I am being charged for shipping . Do not trust their recommendations . The wipers may be great but it does you no good if you get the wrong fit .
 This windshield wiper scrapes against the glass and leaves streaks , as soon as my first use after installing it . Maybe I got unlucky , but I 'd find a better brand than Rain-X
 i had to buy another after this one because all it did was bounce around and not wipe . really shiiiity .
 The blades were still good and wiping clean but there was a flaw in the pin . In the middle of a rainstorm driving to work , the passenger blade popped off and made this terrible noise . It got caught up with the driver blade and bent it . I had to buy a new passenger blade but was able to straighten out the driver blade . After this I am finished with rainx blades . It was very loud and startling and appeared to happen for no reason .
 I purchased these blades and they turned out only to be marginally better than the old , worn out ones I was replacing . There are streaks and entire areas they miss . The basic function of a wiper blade should be to remove all water from the area it passes over . These blades can not do even that most basic of tasks , so I have to say they are failures -LRB- and I did verify they were the correct size and installed correctly -RRB- .
 Like another reviewer , I put these blades on my daughter 's '07 Mazda 3 . Like the other reviewer , the passenger side blade slipped off its mount , fouled with the drivers side blade , bent that and freaked my daughter out . Thankfully she was not driving on an interstate and could pull off to try to fix them then drive the remaining distance without using her wipers . The product has a design flaw - on inspection I could see that the pin that is supposed to latch the blade to the arm is way too small . A gentle tug is all it takes to pull the blade off the arm , and both blades were just as easy to unlatch.I am lucky my daughter is still alive . Rainex , you should be ashamed ! Pull this from the market before you have a huge lawsuit on your hands !
 I purchased this item in May and it did n't get much use over the summer due to the lack of rain . However , as it has been raining more recently , this blade has been showing how bad it is . It streaks horribly no matter how much I clean it . At the same time I installed this blade on the driver 's side of my car , I installed a basic blade on the passenger 's side . The passenger blade works just fine . Save yourself money and just buy Anco blades since they are cheaper and work better anyway .
 Worked well at first and were very easy to install . After two months of very light use -LRB- we had very little rain -RRB- the wipers are streaking very badly . I will likely replace these very soon as they are streaking worse than the wipers they replaced .
 I have a 2003 Land Rover Discovery II and was weary about buying these wipers because it seems nothing ever fits my British truck . However , Amazon specifically said that this would fit . It did not . Not even close . The connection is too big.I also was expecting a few extra adapters as indicated in the pictures . One of them looks like it might have worked with my vehicle . However , NOT ALL OF THE ADAPTERS IN THE PICTURE COME WITH THE WIPERS . It specifically describes a slide lock mechanism on this site but there is nothing referring to that on the packaging.I hate when products are mislabeled and misleading . Even though it 's cheap , I 'm sending it back so Amazon can foot the shipping bill for the misleading details .
 If your windshield wipers snap on and off over a post permanently attached to the wiperarm , these will not fit.They are the right size 12 '' , but there is no way you can make them work with the factory wiper arms on a 1991 Jeep Wrangler.The rating is a little unfair to Rain-X , but seeing as how either Amazon or Rain-X said these would fit my Jeep and they do n't , I am rating them as useless to me . Rain-X wipers I have used in the past were great , just not these , and just not on this vehicle . A $ 20 lesson .
 Does n't fit firmly - it would ' just hold on the wiper arm when installing.I keep using it , it does n't fall off when adjacent to Jukes windshield.Rubber itself is better than Juke 's OEM blades . So , thus gets +1 star to its 1 star review .
 This did not fit and I can not simply remove the blade and exchange with the older blade as they are entirely different styles ...
 I ordered this before and package came with two decals , one for each side . This time only received one . What do I want one for ?
 This is the second brake master cylinder I purchased at Amazon . One of the brake line fittings , the one closer to the firewall , is larger than the factory fitting , so try and find a fitting adaptor , or change the fitting on the existing one is a nightmare , so I just went to the auto part store and bought one , but I got to look at the whole thing before I bought it , this time I bought a Dorman , everything fits like the OEM . At least Raybestos should include an adaptor fitting . Just wasted my money .
 A waste of money . The mat was a poor fit -LRB- e.g. , holes did not line up with the vents -RRB- . And the fabric retained a bumpy look ; it would not lay flat even after I tried to steam it and leave it out in the open to flatten . In desperation , I tried to iron it , which was a mistake because the patch I ironed ended up with a melted look . I wasted so much time working with the fabric , thinking it would `` relax '' if I just left it alone . After a year , I gave up and dumped the thing .
 Fit was okay for my 2009 Civic , but material -LRB- carpet -RRB- was very flimsy , so much so that you could easily see light through it . I returned it for a refund and will look elsewhere for a dashboard cover of higher quality .
 This item is not 4 '' wide.It is hardly 2.5 '' it wont fit a normal steering which is about 37/8 `` The description on Amazon is incorrect.So save yourself some time and stay away .
 Having successfully used a similar product on a sports car int the 60 's , I ordered a superskin in spite of reading several of the negative reviews it has received . The big problem with Superskins is that the manufacturer produces them in different sizes , but Amazon either does n't understand this or is just confused by it . Although I thought I had ordered a large cover for my new pick-up , I received one that was too small to use . Only order this product for vehicles with steering wheels 15 '' or less in diameter and with a small grip diameter . Also , the leather is not `` fine leather '' as advertised , but fair for the price .
 I bought these for our mini van . They are the worst wipers I have ever had . The middle of the blade does n't have enough contact with the window and does n't wipe any water off ? Waste of money .
 Bought a pair of the RainX Weatherbeater 28 '' and am stuck now 31/2 weeks later buying different ones due to the WORST performance ever in slight snow or freezing rain they are like magnets to ice build up . The defroster can not keep up with the amount of ice these smear across the windshield and what they do clear on one pass they smear right back over on the return stroke . I have had many wiper blades and never have I had such a poor performing blade . Even in straight rain they chatter and streak . Buy something better since these are sure to disappoint you .
 I would leave this heater plugged in for 2.5 hours prior to driving my truck . It only lasted a month , the electrical connection burned out . I never even plugged it in all night.This was my second Kat 's heater in the last year . I am now looking for a similar heater from another brand .
 I ordered this product and did recieve then a couple months later it broke . Now Ive done everything I was told to do by by shipping back for a replacement and nothing . They wont return Emails i havent received the replacement part .
 I received and noticed it was n't made by Caselogic.Looks similar in product photo , but no Caselogic logo and quality was n't good.Feels cheap and CD pockets were all wrinkled and uneven .
 I bought this on October 20 , 2010 so I 've only had this product for just about seven months . Half of the slots , if not more , are now stretched out and the CD 's fall out whenever I take a turn . I only put one CD in each slot so I really do n't know why they stretched out . It 's just a piece of crap and not worth the money even though it was less than $ 10 .
 The sleeves are loose !!! Its not as secure or tight as you would imagine . One time , the CD almost made it out the window !!!!
 From the picture I thought it had a zipper pocket . Probably should of read the description better . Not the best quality .
 I ordered two of these NGK C7HSA plugs and neither will spark . I had the local auto parts store order some for me and they work OK.I would request a Return Material Authorization number but it would not be cost effective as shipping equals the value of the items.This is a first with me having any problems with products sold at / / amazon.com . The plugs were not packaged correctly and took a beating on their way to my house .
 They were incorrect for a qmb-139 engine.mmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm
 The spark plugs were the correct size ; however , they were missing the top piece that allows the plugs to better fit into the wiring harness . I had to purchase different spark plugs to obtain the necessary top pieces to fit the wiring harness .
 I am sure this product would be an excellent buy , but I ordered it and it did not give me an option on size . I am asking the dealer to give a contact address so that I can choose my size prior to shipment . I will post a new review in 2 weeks.Chris
 out of the box the smell almost knocked me over . It smelled like the inside of new tire . I figured it would go away after awhile . Nope . Even after using it my hands smelled the same . It was worth a try as the price was right , but it is not anywhere in my car now . The smell was giving me a headache . I have let it air out in my garage but it still smells like a mix between gasoline and fresh rubber . Looked good though , worked fine .
 I thought an underbed mounting system would be great , but I was disapointed . The underbed locking system may work well for a gooseneck , but the fifth wheel adapter rotates + / -10 degrees from center . It is also difficult to lock in the adapter . I did n't like the movement of the fifth wheel adapter when using a regular pin box , and it was really bad when a switched to a 5th Airborne/Sidewinder pin box . The hitch would lock in place off center causing the trailer to tow off center .
 was kicking the bike over and it broke right at the transmission casei bought Jims becasue i thought it was a good name and part , but i was mistaken
 I ordered two of these NGK C7HSA plugs and neither will spark . I had the local auto parts store order some for me and they work OK.I would request a Return Material Authorization number but it would not be cost effective as shipping equals the value of the items.This is a first with me having any problems with products sold at / / amazon.com . The plugs were not packaged correctly and took a beating on their way to my house .
 They were incorrect for a qmb-139 engine.mmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm
 The spark plugs were the correct size ; however , they were missing the top piece that allows the plugs to better fit into the wiring harness . I had to purchase different spark plugs to obtain the necessary top pieces to fit the wiring harness .
 Three new Kat 's 11433s have been installed in my 1981 Chevy Luv diesel pickup truck . Each new unit failed within three days - guess I am a slow learner.Amazon 's service has been good - the Kat 's product , terrible .
 I 've used regular chains off and on for 45 years , so they are not new to me . I decided to try the cable style on my 1/2ton Ford van and they were horrible . In their first use , they would n't stay on the tire , flipping off almost immediately , with minimum tire spin . Three hours of screwing around with them , repairing them repeatedly -LRB- the diagonal cable -RRB- and finally I was able to make it up my modest incline of a driveway . This all occurred in about 6 '' of snow on a dirt road and drive . The next day I was able to get out -LRB- amazingly the cables stayed on for the 1/4 mile drive to pavement -RRB- and I immediately went to the local parts house and bought old fashioned ladder style chains . The cable style might work for some , but they were terrible for me . They are pretty easy to put on and take off , I 'll give them credit for that .
 The ordering guidelines for these chains were very specific as to tire size . The list covered virtually every tire known to man along with the appropriate -LRB- individual -RRB- item number to order for that particular tire . The set that I received had a sticker that listed dozens of tires from 15-17 inch including floatation tires . This did not give me a warm and fuzzy feeling about the fit . Sure enough , they are not the right size for my tires . The tensioner can not even take the slack out enough to clear the brake drum because of too much chain . These were obviously for a higher and/or wider tire , not the size listed when ordered . I 'd return them , but since I did n't try them right away , the original packaging is long gone . Live and learn , I guess .
 I purchased the ZTL 751 cable chains for my suburban . Used the chains a couple of times and they worked well . Fit the tire nicely . I have since sold the suburban and purchased a Ford excursion with larger tires . The fit guide showed the new size tires are within the size specs for the ZTL 751 chains . Well , the chains will not fit . I contacted customer service and received no help . I did get an explanation about how tire manufacturers are allowed 4 % variance to the tires and my tires just must be in the variance . Sorry , too bad . I was not offered anything in return to get new chains from SCC to fit the tires the ZTL 751 were supposed to fit . I purchased a new set from Les Schwab that say , and do fit perfectly .
 I use to install chains many years ago , so I will say these cables installed very easily . I put two on my F-350 and two on my 40 ' 5th wheel in the snow in about 15 minutes . But the good part ends here . After driving about 100 yards the right rear chain on my truck came apart and went flying . I picked it up but it was no good . About 70 miles down the road I lost the right RV chain but this time I was n't so lucky , it ripped the wires apart from my slideout and wrapped around the axle . I managed to get it off -LRB- in the snow -RRB- but had to use wire cutters . Just as I was running out of snow and ice , the left chain on my truck came apart and wrapped around the axle . I was so lucky , I was able to remove it okay . With only 10 miles to go , I tried to make it with the last chain still on th RV , but one strand of the cable pulled loose and took out my clearence light . Easy to install was the reason I brought them . If I only knew these poorly put together , made in China , pieces of crap would n't last any longer than that , I would have brought real chains , which I did before heading back . Take my advice and do n't buy this product . !!!
 This is not a review of the chain 's performance but rather it 's about SCC 's business practice . Before I bought the chains I did quite a bit of research into different brands , different models , pricing , etc. . Here is what is written explicitly on their website `` Super Z LT 's plastic package includes rubber tighteners , step-by-step illustration for product installation/removal and waterproof gloves . '' Link
 When I first got this product , I thought it was great - these `` chains '' go on so much easier than the kind that you have to lay out and drive on to ... I 've got a pick-up truck , and have used these `` chains '' about 6-10 times . My low rating is due to the fact that one of the cables is about to break -LRB- about 2 or 3 strands of the cable are holding it together , but it 's not safe to use -RRB- . The problem seems to be that the cable on the front and back side-wall is crimped in to these rectangular junction points and I 'm guessing that when they crimped mine , they damaged the cable , because the cable is breaking right at the crimp point . I 've had them for more than a year -LRB- the warranty period -RRB- but I 'm going to contact the company to see if they will stand behind their product ...
 I live at the bottom of a steep hill and bought a pair of these hoping that they would help me climb the hill in snowy conditions . In fact , quite the opposite occurred . Once the springs which coil around the `` Z '' links bit down through the snow and onto the pavement , they seemed to act like little roller skates on my tires . I was not able to climb the hill at all . I removed the chains and was immediately able to crawl up the hill with nothing but my all-season tires . These may work on flat surfaces , but i did not notice any increased traction for climbing - in fact they made things much worse . I think I 'll go back to good old fashioned diamond-pattern chains.I do have to admit that these are extremely easy to put on . It only took me about 2 minutes per tire , and they give a nice tight fit . Perhaps they work well in most conditions , but certainly not on my hill .
 Just an alert . I purchased a top-of-the-line Exide battery two years ago . The first one failed , and was replaced by NTB . That in turn failed , and since NTB had dropped Exide , Exide `` customer service '' told me to select a similar battery and submit the receipt and manufacturing number for reimbusement.Only now , Exide refuses to refund my purchase price -- far less than the original Exide battery -- even though the Exide battery had a 36-month free replacement guarantee.Steer clear .
 The description did not state this part was set up for the new refrigerant line style . I purchased this for the make and model that stated would fit , 1993 Chevy Suburban . No where in the description did it state that any part was updated to the new style . This is the first time -LRB- in over 5 years on Amazon -RRB- that I had to return something . I am disappointed in the process with returns -- you can not speak to a real person ! The first return they sent me a duplicate of the second , and charged me shipping fees ! I am leary now of ordering anything automotive on line , and I have spent more money to get parts at the auto stores than on line . I think this could all be resolved to a happier ending if 1 the company would take better care in describing there parts -LRB- ordering a 93 part with out any mention of an updated style ! -RRB- and 2 if you could actually TALK TO A LIVE PERSON ! The part arrived fast , and so did the second one .
 I wanted with anticipation for this product ans was let down . The charger simply does n't work.It 's been charging over 24 hours now and the charging light stays green , it does n't change to red as mentioned in the manual.When I attempted to use it , thinking the battery was fully charged -LRB- Maybe it came completely charged that 's why it was green all the time -RRB- , it 's actually the opposite , the battery is completely drained .
 I bought this for my wife 's car so that in the event she was stranded she could give herself a jumpstart from within the car . The charger is plugged into your cigarette lighter , and from there , is supposed to give you enough charge to restart the engine . And it is supposed to fit neatly inside your glove compartment when not in use . `` Supposed to '' left us stranded on an out-of-town trip , on Labor Day no less . Although I was careful to take the little monster -LRB- and you CAN fit this brick into your glove compartment , but you will have no room for anything else in there once you do -RRB- out and regularly recharge it , it would n't gives us a jump . It did n't even give us so much as a cough . So , two hours later , with the car battery quickly and easily recharged by the tow truck operator , not only were we able to drive it home , but it also started the next morning , when we drove it to the mechanic 's , where it received a rebuilt alternator AND a new battery -LRB- just in case -RRB- . For us , this charger only worked well when we used it as a paperweight to keep the maps and documents in the back seat -LRB- which would no longer fit in the glove compartment ; see above -RRB- from flying away.Can ' t recommend this item at all . Get one of the bigger ones and stow it in the trunk .
 This product did not work at all despite following instructions and trying all the options suggested .
 This thing never Worked . I received it , Would not even Charge up , So I sent it back and ordered a New One , This One Showed up and Would Charge , But Lost Charge in 4 Hours of NO Use .
 I have had two of these . The first one would not accept a charge when I brought it home . The second one I 've had for about a year . The internal battery has gone bad and will not take a charge . It is a 4 mah battery that is not available from Batteries Plus , Interstate Battery or Schumacher . I contacted them and they advised me that they had no listing for a replacement battery and they had no other answers for me.The basic idea for the charger is good , it 's just short lived and non-servicable . In my opinion it 's not worth the money , use the money you would spend on this and purchase a full sized jumper battery that will actually start a vehicle for you . Please note that this was not purchased from Amazon but from a local department store .
 Please , listen to this review & others . This product is a waste of money . I followed the instructions and charged it for the specified time . The lights NEVER functioned as they should out of box , and after 12 hours of charging it -LRB- as instructed -RRB- , it NEVER worked ... never . I wasted my money.Please , AVOID THIS PIECE OF CRAP ! Go with something with many reviews rated 4-5 stars . This item was/is 100 % JUNK ! The company should be sued ! I ca n't get my money back because of the `` short '' warranty -LRB- 90 days -RRB- , and I did n't need it in the first 90 days -LRB- duh -RRB- , as most people will only need it in an emergency ... AVOID AVOID AVOID !!!
 This unit was n't able to charge up my battery enough to get it started in my Maxima , and did n't work at all in my Sienna . This was when the Schumacher device was on a full charge and I left it charging the car for 40 minutes.Get the kind of battery designed for jump-starting a car that attaches directly to the battery terminals instead . They work instantly.Additionally , the wall power adapter was damaged when I received this item , which had been previously opened .
 I ordered this product and verified it would fit my model . When it arrived , found that the packaging said 2003-2008 for the year . It will NOT fit the 2009 Honda Pilot . Had to return it .
 Amazon should not associate with this company . I do n't have a problem with the product . It just did not fit a 16 inch Toyota wheel . It was too shallow , it did not have the depth to fit the wheel . First , the company should list the 16 inch wheels it will and will not fit . Second , the company should NOT charge a 10 % restocking fee and return shipping , especially if they do not thoroughly represent their product and charge shipping to receive their products . Amazon , rethink your relationship with this supplier . DO NOT order ANYTHING from this company , EVER !
 This tire pump arrived at my home and was broken within 2 days -LRB- I tried to pump up the tires on my daughter 's Schwinn jogging stroller -RRB- . It was so cheap that I just threw it out . I would NOT recommend anyone purchasing this item .
 The price sounded good , but price is n't everything . The pump simply did n't work , and when I tried pumping harder it came apart in my hands . Do n't waste your money . NO STARS !
 The picture and other clues strongly suggest that this pump is the same pump I bought for approximately the same price some years back in Ace Hardware . Mine is labelled `` High Volume '' . It was very handy to carry in the car for emergency and non-emergency use , and would produce approximately 1 PSI increase for every four strokes of the pump . It was possible to use it without application of herculean force , but on about the tenth occasion of use the handle broke , from mere normal hand pressure . It 's a cheap hard plastic handle ; a metal bar inside the handle length-wise would have prevented the the break , but , alas , there was no such metal bar . Made in China -LRB- to , presumably , American design specifications -RRB- .
 While this pump is pretty cheap , you certainly get what you pay for . It 's hard to use to it its flimsy make up . It takes a long time to pump things up as well . But the bottom line is that it works and it 's really cheap . If I did it again , I 'd probably upgrade .
 At the top of Amazon 's description page of any automotive part , a pop-up will come on and state
 This product appears to be of very low quality . The threaded area has nicks that could damage the threads on the engine . I will not use this on my car . The rest of the plug gives the impression that it is either reconditioned or just poorly manufactured .
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT AND IS VERY UPSET WITH IT . DOES NOT HIDE YOUR LEAF SPRING SHAKLES , MINE JS WARPED IN THE MIDDLE . MAKES THE TRUCK LOOK LIKE S ***
 Stock number 4179 comes with the fixed terminal nut , not the removable nut as depicted in this picture . If you order stock number 4179 , you will get a spark plug with a terminal nut that can not be removed .
 This mat , while it is made of nice quality carpet and is bound on the edges , does not fit my Yukon 2nd row seats well at all . It is simply a rectangular piece that should be 3 '' longer on each end to reach the door sill , which is the area that gets the dirtiest !
 i did not receive the right item and i returned it 3 weeks ago and has n't received my money back or any type of conformation
 this would not work for my bike . . even though it had said it would work with that particular motor.would fire out properly ... bad plug
 I 'm not trying to hate against Autolite . I read the reviews for various spark plugs for my 98 Honda Civic and figured that if I got Iridium plugs , I 'd be set for 60k miles.I purchased this in conjunction with Boche Premium Spark Plug wires .2 Major Problems : The wires popped out of the engine block after a 100 mile drive and made my engine misfire -LRB- really bad and I barely made it off the freeway in time -RRB- . Next , the Spark Plugs were gapped properly and torqued correctly . I decided to change the wires back to the 13 year old stock ones -LRB- with 1998 written on them -RRB- and I check the spark plugs . One was bent ! Not dramatically to where it could n't fire , but enough to make a noticable distortion.I also experienced a 15 % fuel economy loss -LRB- average of 42.5 mpg and I recorded around 37mpg the last check -RRB- . So I again replace the slightly used NGK-R plugs and car has never been better.Iridium plugs make huge claims and some people find success in them , but I think they are crap and really , do n't waste your money on them . If you want fuel economy gains , buy full synthetic motor oil . Worked like a charm and offset the 15 % loss.My recommendation
 This Part # does not fit the 2005 Toyota 4 Runner as indicated.Give the supplier credit for processing a quick return .
 avs auto ventshade for hundai tusonfront driver side vent fits fine ... left side is off ... their mold for making the passenger side front ventshade is defective and doesnt fit properly on the car ... about a half inch off ... looks funny ... i complained and got sent a second set of ventshades ... same problem with the second set ... what can i do ????
 Amazons website states that this fits the 2010 Tucson but it does not . I contacted AVS and they will not have one available till September/October of this year . This item only fits up to 2009 .
 Great idea for a mirror . But , I put it on a 2008 Tundra and the mirrors need to be re-adjusted every time you open and close the door as well as after short periods of time while driving . Too much tolerance as a universal mirror I guess . I do like the two mirror idea ... but way too much continuous adjustment required on my truck to recommend them .
 If your vehicle 's mirrors are a stationary fairing or housing with a pivoting mirror inside , you need to make sure that the mirror is well recessed in the housing on both top and bottom . The clips in the arms of this mirror need to extend into the housing about 1/4 inch , and they are fairly thick.When attached to the mirror on my 2008 Pathfinder it restricts the adjustment of the Pathfinder 's mirror , forcing it to point down as the mirror is nearly flush with the housing on the bottom edge . I also found vibration to be a problem , perhaps partially due to the problems with the fit.On the plus side , it appears to be well constructed with plenty of adjustment in the straps , and my fit issues may affect other brands as well .
 The light would be great , but it fails during use . The light goes out inrtermittently and you have to shake it or jiggle it to get the light back on . I 've tried 4 different types of batteries including Energizers and Duracells , same issue . The Inova website is horrible to navigate , heavy-handed and has no useful information except a flash page that gives a non-toll-free CT number whihc gets you a recording . I sent it in per instructions with the 5 buck warrantry fee , they sent it back a month later saying they could n't replicate the problem . Of c ourse , it still does it . I 'll stick with retrofitted LED Maglites . It 's obvious Inova does n't care about consumer sales very much now that their police ordersare bringing in the loads of cash .
 I have used Mann filters for years . I have used the C 2493 version for years . I have normally purchased via mail order from Euro ` specialty shops ' in the North East.I was very pleased to see Amazon begin to stock Mann products . I ordered an oil filter and an air filter for my E36 M44 . Oil filter was as expected Made in Germany . Air filter was Made in Mexico.Having the used C 2493 ` Made in Germany ' to compare to the Mexican import , there is no comparison . Filter media is completely different . Gasket is VERY different , much softer on the Mexican import.In a hurry , I was going to use the air filter regardless , EXCEPT ... it did not FIT properly . I 'd say about two pleats too wide . Air filter would not sit in the box nicely , there would be a ripple.Going back to the gasket , the German version has a very defined gasket shape on top -LRB- clean air side -RRB- to mate with the clip on cover . The made in Mexico version , the gasket is simply sort of plain rounded shape.I had to buy another brand quickly at the auto parts store and this is where I noted that the Mexican import Mann and the other brand had the same style non defined gasket ... . my alternate brand fit and dropped right in , but the gasket did not mate with the upper lid well , the gasket was too rounded . Had the Mann import from Mexico fit , it would have been the same.In contacting Mann , yes , they have an alternate import source , they acknowledge it is a cheaper import . Some national auto parts stores are begining to carry this cheaper line . -LRB- Napa -RRB- For the price , BMW OE is only a few dollars more . It is of course a Mann filter , stamped BMW and in the corner stamped Mann C 2493 , Made in Germany .
 I 'm surprised that Schumacher -LRB- or anyone for that matter -RRB- would attach their name to this product . I 'm referring to the Schumacher SAC-505 Portable Light ; one more example of fine Chinese craftsmanship . -LRB- You know I 'm being facetious , of course . -RRB- The extremely poor quality of the item was evident in everything from the individual parts to how they were put together , as well as the fact that the light did n't work right out of the package . I 'm fairly adept at fixing small , simple , electrical devices , but not this one . The best I could do was to get it to work intermittently , which is not too good for a light carried in your vehicle for emergencies . I would send it back , but its not worth the time , effort or postage . It will reside in the wastepaper basket until trash day next wednesday . Schumacher ... shame on you . We have forsworn from now on purchasing anything made in China !
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 crap ! 4/6 have failed now within the first 3 uses , only switching 270ma . they break , or dont light up anymore . do not buy !!!
 Yes , this is advertised as metric but it is really SAE with the closest metric equivalent . There is too much freeplay to use this reliably . If you really want a metric sized wrench , I would recommend that you look elsewhere .
 Got the product * after * confirming it will fit my car . It does not fit - it 's too long ! How I wish I had read the earlier review * before * I placed the order!Do NOT buy this for an '00 audi A6 2.7 T
 The filter was the wrong size even after entering all the info on the car ie \ ; model , year , options , engine , etc. . This filter does NOT fit 2000 audi a6 , quattro with the 2.7 turbo .
 Received mud flaps today and they are not made for my F350 but rather a smaller model Ford truck ; perhaps an F150 or F250 . Had to modify installation.Also , Amazon told me via email that these are sold individually so I ordered two -LRB- 2 -RRB- - one for each back tire . They arrived today and they are sold as a set of two -LRB- 2 -RRB- so I now have four -LRB- 4 -RRB- and I only needed two -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Can you say cha-ching ?
 I replaced my valve cover gasket with this one that I purchased , it took me about an hour , simple procedure . No leaks at first , car ran great . Later on , I drove the car , ran great at first , then engine got rough , and heavy smoke came . The car was leaking oil profusely ! ... . the next day I pulled the valve cover , to find that the gasket MELTED ! What a MESS !!! I cleaned the surfaces very well . . took me two hours to get the gunk cleaned , and degrease the engine compartment ... then I went to NAPA and bought a new gasket . . replaced and the car has been fine ever since . . . I 'll still buy car parts from Amazon . . but this gasket was not made of the correct material . . most Amazon parts are reasonable , this was just a bad item .
 I thought I would be receiving the filter and the three special bolts to mount the cover as pictured , but it is the filter only , leaving me with having to try and track down the parts to install it . If there is anything I ca n't stand , it 's a misleading ad .
 When I received the `` supposedly '' high flow air filter kit , it turned out to just be the filter ONLY !!! Why put kit at the end if there is no kit , just a filter . So when I called to ask about the missing pieces to the `` kit '' they informed me that it would be almost double the price !! Basically the three bolts will cost you $ 24.00 , let 's do the math here that 's $ 8.00 a bolt !! WOW plz fix your add so that it 's not so misleading to the potential buyer , thanks .
 These are the rubber donuts that the exhaust hangs from , not the o-ring gasket shown in the picture.In any case , they cracked just after installation.Be careful , they will fall off leaving the mufflerpipes without support . I had to re-use my OEM parts .
 This did not fit a 1987 Toyota as I was told it would . I am going to have to elongate mounting holes . I would not have bought it if I knew I was going to have to work on it before it would work . Tm mounting hole pattern is off by about 1/4 `` or more .
 The plug is on the wrong side of the unit ! It hits the intake manifold and can not be installed ! It DOES NOT fit a 2003 Explorer Sport with the 4.0 . Either they have their part interchange wrong , or somebody in quality control was asleep when this was built . pay close attention to the plug direction when buying one of these .
 Product seems OK but they did n't fit truck as advertised . I drilled them out and adapted but not sure it will work properly .
 When you buy it shows both front and rear window deflectors , when you get it you only get the rear for 50 plus dollars . Do not buy !!!!!!!!
 This is my second PRO3000 Analog Toner , the first one got a short circuit after one year of daily use . The second one started smoking after three months . I use the tone generator for digital lines on Siemens PBX . The tone generators are not made for daily work , they will get a short and start draining you battaries as if they were on all the time . If you take them apart you can see were the circuit board was shorted out and burned . This could start a fire if left unatended while you tone out your cables.I would not recommend the tool for professional .
 Amazon `` fit your vehicle '' guide indicates this fits a 1997 Chevy Tahoe 4x4 4dr 5.7 engine . It does NOT fit , filter is open on both ends .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 This windshield is horrible . Does n't block : divert wind or bugs , only blocks view . No returns do n't help the case . Once it 's installed you can not return , how would you know until you try / unhappy
 This review does not pertain to the quality of the product itself . AMAZON indicated this filter fit my 2006 BMW 525i . It does NOT fit . Imagine my chagrin when I removed the old filter and compared it to this `` replacement . '' After checking online , ex post facto , I find that the HU816X -LRB- a one inch shorter filter -RRB- is the proper replacement part.I 've learned not to trust Amazon 's part fitment and will always double -LRB- at least -RRB- or triple check fitment before ordering .
 I just wanted to let others know that even though the `` Will it fit '' form says it will fit this model , it does not .
 I purchased THIS OIL FILTER for my BMW and never looked at it till I got ready to do my oil change at the Computer Suggested Mileage . Then I found out it was the wrong size after I had emptied my oil and thrown out the old filter . I had to hitch a ride to the dealer to buy a CORRECT ONE MUCH TO MY CHAGRIN!When I tried to return it they flatly refused ! Adding insult to injury they wo n't even grant full credit on an exchange ON AN ITEM NEVER OPENED ! WAOW ! That makes poor customer service ! I WOULD NEVER BUY FROM THEM OR AMAZON AGAIN !!! RUN !! NOW I HAVE TO THROW THIS AWAY ! IT HAS COST ME MORE THAN 2X DEALER 'S PRICE !!!
 This filter is too big to fit 2006 Z4 3.0 i. Found out after draining the oil : -LRB- Ran to the autoparts store and picked up the correct filter -LRB- STP brand -RRB- which was good because it was well made with good pleats and silicone seals between the ends .
 Did not hold up in the wind , ripped up the first big wind we had and we have a lot of them in central Nevada , too flimsy .
 The filter looked of cheap material!I might as well bought a Fram filter if I wanted a crappy filter!Buy something of quality like Mann , Bosch , or Micronair!Never again will I waste my money on this filter !
 Must again write a min . of 20 words or more . The wires were really long , tips consume the entire plug and it was to hard to tell if it connected securely to the spark plug . Maybe its me but I think I like my other wires better
 I used it between 100 and 30F , in a 24V vehicle and it did not work long.I do not trust anymore the `` mil '' specs they claim this product has .
 I purchased a power bright ML-3500 inverter a while ago . At first it worked great but suddenly began to produce 150 volts AC -LRB- with no apparent reason -RRB- and burned out everything that was attached to it . I contacted Power Bright Support and they told me to throw the unit away since it was clearly broken . -LRB- Some Tech Support huh ? -RRB- . I had the power source checked and it was perfect , so I purchased a new Power Bright Inverter , this time the ML-900 -LRB- the 3500 was a little over-kill for my application and I did not want to invest that kind of money again -RRB- . I installed the ML-900 and immediately checked the AC voltage -LRB- do n't want to get burned twice -RRB- . It was 96 volts AC.Contacted Power Bright Tech Support and they first told me my meter was faulty . I explained that I have 3 other inverters and when hooked up to the same power source the meter reads their output properly -LRB- 110-120 volts depending on the unit -RRB- . So Power Bright Tech Support next told me to check the fuses in the NEW unit . Of course this was just a distraction tactic ... the fuses were fine.Bottom line is the ML-900 is going back and I will NEVER buy a Power Bright Product again.Clearly they are having issues with their equipment - output voltage problems . And they do not stand by their product -LRB- just throw it out a $ 300 unit if it does not work and buy a new one -RRB- . Beyond that their Tech Support is the worst I have ever experienced.To sum it up
 This filter while constructed of quality materials , is inferior to OEM original made by Helsatech . This MANN filter features pleated media with activated charcoal coating . OEM factory original is noticeably heavier and literally constructed like a sponge.Filtering element on OEM original by Helsatech is noticeably superior .
 Pictures show 2 lamps . Product arrived and only one in box . The description says `` tail light '' so I guess I should have taken the clue ... need 2 separate tail lamps for my boat trailer ... duhhh
 This product does not work as advertised . I tried several applications but still had to sand the surface to get the rust off . Save your money and buy sandpaper .
 Bought Purolator L25545 Classic Oil Filter for my VW Touareg . Filter removed after 3500 miles had started to crack at the pastic ends . Wont be buying these for a while .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 This place will ship you something different from what the picture looks . I called they handled the return process ok . buyer beware !!
 Did Not fit as advertised , too late now to return , will be sure to keep around as a reminder to never buy like this again
 I returned it . They sent me what it looks like an oil filter . They did twice . I returned twice . Why ?
 Very inexpensive and you get what you pay for . Impossible to get consistently good flares . Dificult to get brace lined up due to slop in machining .
 Used Vinylex for my Jeep top to try it . Product does a nice job of restoring shine to plastic and vinyl and it holds up well . Gave it two stars though , because when it rains , the run off from the vinyl roof coated with vinylex leaves streaks and a film on the windows . Too bad it does not run off the vehicle in a rain storm .
 Works good for turning vinyl looking new but supposed to clean as well ? I could have rubbed with plain water and got same results as far as cleaning goes . Not worth the money if you are looking for protection and cleaning both . DH-60 is misleading cause it 's not uv60 but maybe closer to UV-10 rating ? I gave it below average cause it 's supposed to do both clean and protect and jury still out on protect.Good luck
 I used this for years on my car dash and other vinyl areas of the interior . I always thought it worked and protected pretty well although it does evaporate on to the inside of the windshield , which is annoying . It also does n't seem to last very long and as it starts wearing off , the dash looks very dry.I 've since found303 Aerospace Protectant 32oz , and that works much better . It does n't seem to exhibit any of the aforementioned issues , ie. , it does n't seem to go on to the inside of the windshield , and the shine lasts longer . It also protects from UV just as well , if not better . I 'm definitely sold on 303 Protectant over Vinylex now although I really like the Lexol pH leather cleaner and Lexol leather conditioner for my leather .
 Vinylex is a great product for use on my classic cars that have vinyl seats . The problem was from the company that sold it to me . First they shipped a bottle of Plastic X , which is not for vinyl but clear plastic , it cost half the price and really is useless to me.So I shipped it back to them at more than six dollars expence to me.They have yet to pay me back.Later I found out that you can order it from Walmart on line and pick it up at your local Walmart .
 We never got to use the product , as the bottle was broken upon arrival , and we had to throw it out .
 Ordered set for 4 windows only got 2 fronts.When I called WeatherTech they more or less saidtoo bad and started a verbal confrontation.I over talked the lady at WeatherTech and informedher I would write a bad review . She said `` so whatwe get a lot of those '' ???
 Wires limit relocation to within approx . 18 inches . I had to make longer wires and did n't even use the kit ! The only thing in the kit is 4 wires and grommets .
 I needed to relocate the solenoid on my superwinch talon 12.5 due to fitment issues . I wanted to put the solenoid on the driver 's side . The wires supplied are just too short and I could not put the solenoid where I wanted . Probably another 6-8 '' would have been perfect.The quality was good , just not enough of it .
 no holes to mount the slide hammer when pulling out ... . quality is not so good ... Wagner is way better quality . . I will not buy raybestos again ...
 One of these arrived cracked , but we were able to make it work . I fear that the first time I have to remove one of these covers it will break for good . The wire retention rings are a good idea .
 I ordered this axle shaft rather than buying locally because it is shown with wheel studs and ABS ring installed . This is not what I received . Instead , I got a bare axle shaft and will have to try to remove these from the old axle and install them on the new shaft.If I ca n't get them off I 'll wind up paying a machine shop to do it . Not much of a bargain after all .
 Bought a package of these to upgrade to LEDs in my GM gauge cluster . Locking tabs are in wrong location . I will either have to modify these or buy different ones to make it work . The sockets lock into place with the socket contacts just barely off of the pc board contacts . Great price but wrong item .
 Purchase a couple months ago and finally got around to using it today . Just makes a big mess and leaks everywhere . While the concept is good in theory this product is garbage .
 This thing is a total piece of junk . Do n't waste your money on this . Tried using it once and all it did was shoot brake fluid everywhere .
 I have tried to contact Price Pros for months.I get no return call no return e-mail . I want to retutn both truck mats they are still in the box un opened ... NO RESPONSE
 This product does not fit a double cab tacoma as it leads you to believe . Seems like a good product , but there is a specific double cab floor mat .
 I ordered these mats based on TV exposure . My order was placed by phone , as the website did not allow me to input my auto , and said not available ? The phone response was courteous , and the lady rep said `` We are in Illinois near you . Your order will probably be shipped tomorrow . '' After 7 days I tried to contact the company by phone ... but this time I had to e-mail customer service . I asked about my order being processed and mailed ? The e-mail response was your mats will be manufactured , this takes 3-5 days , then 3-5 days later they will be shipped . '' I was disappointed at the lack of consistent service , so I cancelled my order , and requested an immediate refund . I have since read many complaints about the lack of quality in these mats ... Glad I did not experience this ... Respectfully
 I cleaned the surface of my taillights before applying the covers , with in over a week the light covers started to come undone , so i had to go out and purchase glue just to keep the covers on ! For what these cost I was not amused , also just to add when i applied these the temperature was around 65 degrees out and as I said I cleaned the light thoroughly . Very disappointed to say the least !
 I ordered the strut on 10/9 , it arrived on 10/19 and It was in a taped up box and there was no paperwork in the box and no new nuts for the struts , It appeared to be an unit that had been open or used before . I installed the strut and it worked OK .
 This quick strut definitely made the job of replacing the struts on my car much quicker and easier but after less than a year the car rides the same as it did before!If I could go back and make the choice again , I would just buy seperate components that I know are good quality components . It costs more money than these struts that 's for sure , but at least you have a good ride when you are done .
 I purchased the GM-1 T harness to assist in the installation of a viper 560 . The size of the harness , its bulk and length , does not provide for an easy installation . Tapping into the factory wiring is just as easy and will save you the price of this product . Data sheets with the location , color , and purpose of each wire needed for installation are located online and open to the public .
 Top mounting bolts did not line up . Will have to compress springs and turn mounting bolts to right position . Noticed there was n't a left and right like Gabriels but Monroe says they are interchangeable .
 I can remember buying Gabriel shocks in the 70s because Monroe 's were junk , now I remember why ! I got this complete strut assembly for my 2000 Ford Taurus LX and , thankfully , looked over the part BEFORE I tore the car apart . The lower tang that was SUPPOSED TO BE WELDED ON was MISSING ! The box was in like-new condition , and you could clearly see that the large metal staples had NOT been removed.I called Monroe and a tech said I could take the part to a local NAPA store and they would replace it for me . When I called the `` local '' NAPA store , the guy acted like I was crazy . He said , `` I 've never heard of that before , maybe they meant a ` corporate store . ' '' I then called the `` corporate store , '' located in the next town , and the counter guy said he 'd never heard of that either . I asked to speak to the manager , but he was , `` out to lunch . '' When I , `` called back later , '' he was , `` in a meeting . `` I called Monroe back and the guy said , `` Who did you speak to when you called here before ? '' I was like , `` What does that matter ? '' He says , `` Because I want to make sure he knows we DO N'T ever tell people that . '' `` We do n't `` WARRANTY '' parts here , you have to go through the vendor you purchased the parts from . '' I was like , `` The part is defective , overnight me a new one and an RMA label and we 'll be even . '' No can do , this guy was more interested in giving excuses and trying to find out who the other Monroe guy was who actually TRIED to help me out , than promoting customer goodwill . The struts are for my college attending , working , teenage daughter , and I ONLY have the car on very limited days to perform the work.Like a company who touts being the LARGEST manufacturer of shocks on the planet ca n't send me a strut assembly , give me a break ! Thank goodness for Amazon 's quick and efficient return/replacement system or I 'd still be hitting the roof!This is not the first time I 've had bad `` customer relations '' with Monroe . They had a big rebate special on Sensa-Trac shocks , but because the three sets of shocks that I had purchased during the rebate were `` heavy-duty '' Sensa-Tracs , they did n't qualify for ANY rebate , and no amount of rationalization could convince them otherwise ! Like the money was coming out of the CS rep 's pocket!Some of the Gabriel 's on Amazon.com are more than the Monroe 's , but if you look closely , some appear to be made differently -LRB- better ? -RRB- than the Monroe 's and some are actually cheaper than the Monroe 's . I personally , am done with Monroe.I have suggested that Amazon ask that Gabriel to adjust their prices to be competitive with Monroe , so that I can purchase Gabriel shocks -LRB- just ordered the rear Gabriel struts for the car from Amazon.com and they WERE cheaper than the Monroe 's -RRB- from Amazon.com , we 'll see.UPDATE ! I contacted Amazon and they expedited me another strut to replace the one with the missing part.Today I set out to replace the struts only to find out they are slightly longer that the ones I took off of the car ! In the world of strut replacing on this vehicle , the old ones BARLEY come out ! The new ones had to have the springs compressed to go back in , and even then it was a MIRACLE THEY WENT IN AT ALL!Oh , no , that 's not all . The SAME tab that was missing on the one I got out of the box the other day , FELL OFF OF THE `` NEW '' STRUT just as it slid into the fastening slot ! Are you kidding me !? Ask me how I felt at that moment !!! Since the tab obviously does nothing but align the strut depth into the steering knuckle and hold the brake lines up out of the way , I lined everything up using the tab matched to the weld spots -LRB- I use the term loosely ! -RRB- on the tab and the strut , and then torqued the assembly together . It 's not going anywhere , but it would be nice if the tab had stayed on.Note to Monroe ... the hole on the bottom strut tab accepts a threaded bolt for the brake line connection ! It would be nice if the hole was the correct size for the bolt AND it had a couple of threads in it !!! Keep your drill bits , tap and die set , and spring compressors handy for this job !!! Tomorrow , I have two Gabriel ReadyMounts to put on the back of the car . We 'll see if they are `` factory replacements ! '' Later !
 Pros : - They 're cheap-The lookCons : - Made of cheap plastic -LRB- about as hard as a Frisbee -RRB- - Do n't lock in securelyI purchased the correct size but the hubcaps do n't lock in tight . I 've already lost 2 under normal driving conditions . If they were n't so cheap , I would have went back to get them when they came off . Get these if you 're selling your car and do n't care if they come off .
 The product was fine , however , the product did not fit our truck . A professional mechanic tried to install it and advised that it was not the right size for our vehicle as stated in the product description !
 The clamp was the correct size but it only had one nut in the box and that nut was way to big to fit the clamp .
 I bought this because I 'm a big fan of the high end line of Zymol car waxes -LRB- particularly the creme and carbon wax series -RRB- , which are awesome . When I received this product , I was really disappointed in it 's ability to gloss a tire , much less stay glossy . I had to reapply this to my tires daily because it would wear off so fast . I do drive about 40 miles a day in my car , but I have had much better success with meguires and even eagle one . Try black magic tire foam and you will be much happier.Also , be careful about setting this bottle upright , as it has leaked all over my other car care products multiple times despite retightening the cap .
 Pros : - They 're cheap-The lookCons : - Made of cheap plastic -LRB- about as hard as a Frisbee -RRB- - Do n't lock in securelyI purchased the correct size but the hubcaps do n't lock in tight . I 've already lost 2 under normal driving conditions . If they were n't so cheap , I would have went back to get them when they came off . Get these if you 're selling your car and do n't care if they come off .
 It did n't take long for the chrome to start bubbling up . Now I ca n't get the damn thing off and it looks terrible . Horrible product . Please take my advice , unless you are planning on selling your vehicle and you need to cover something up do not buy these mirror covers . I was trying to give my new chevy a different look , and because of the bubbling chrome I have . Just not the look I was trying for . Now I will have to pay to have these mirrors replaced . Not good . So this product receives an *** F rating . And a *** DO NOT BUY !!! ***
 the wrong item was inside of box despite everything else matching . sent item back and ordered from dealer . i installedthe cap onto the mirror and it looks good , it adds something to my 08 blk yukon xl denali .
 AFTER HEARING ALL THE HYPE ABOUT LEXOL I GOT A COSTCO SIZE KIT . IN SHORT NOT IMPRESSED , THERE ARE MUCH BETTER LEATHER CARE PRODUCTS OUT THERE . I DID A RESTORATION ON A EKORNES STRESSLESS CHAIR USING LEATHERIQUE WHICH I FOUND ONLINE . WHILE I HAD SOME DIFFICULTY WITH THE REFINISHING , THE CLEANER AND THE REJUVENATOR WERE AMAZING . YES MORE EXPENSIVE THAN THE NEAR USELESS LEXOL AND OTHER `` OFF THE SHELF '' LEATHER CARE PRODUCTS BUT WHAT IS YOU TIME WORTH ? I AM STILL SEARCHING TO SEE WHAT OTHER GREAT LEATHER CARE PRODUCTS ARE OUT THERE BUT LEXOL IS CROSSED OFF THE LIST . ALSO LEXOL FEEL VERY SYNTHETIC - NOT SOMETHING YOU WANT ON YOUR SKIN . I SELDOM WRITE REVUES AND I NOT FOND OF GIVING A NEGATIVE ONE EITHER BUT SAVE YOU TIME MONEY AND ENERGY AND FIND SOMETHING BETTER .
 Product seems to work fine but the bottle top was damaged in shipping because the bottles were not protected properly ... Shipper did not put any packing material in the box so the bottle slid around inside the box . . One bottle top was broken right off ... . Therefore I will not buy anything from Amazon again ... I tried to contact someone there but they keep themselves hidden from anything negative
 Be aware
 I bought this product to spray on a jacket and hat , hoping that it would be easier to spray on/wipe off excess than it is to apply a paste or -LRB- thick -RRB- liquid leather conditioner . It is n't . After thoroughly shaking the bottle , I applied it to a hat . The conditioner squirted out of the nozzle ; no spray here . It was much thicker than I had hoped , and while that is n't necessarily a bad thing , the end result was that I spent as much time rubbing it in as I would have a paste . Being liquid , my applicator cloth absorbed more than it does when applying a paste , too . In other words , more waste.The other annoyance surfaced after it dried . A lot of white residue shows in the surface texture -LRB- `` cracks '' -RRB- of the leather . Not the look I usually like on something I 'm wearing.In summary , the cons are : * Not a true `` spray-on '' conditioner , but rather thick-liquid-in-a-spray-bottle * Excessive waste -LRB- vs. paste conditioners -RRB- * No time savings -LRB- vs. paste conditioners -RRB- * Very visible residue after dryingStill looking for the pros .
 I used it on decent-looking leather seats of a 2003 Toyota Sienna.I bought both the cleaner and the conditioner and used them as described . Even if they did what they are supposed to do , I did not realize that . It has not made a difference appearance-wise . Hopefully the treatment will help keep them alive longer . Do I regret buying them ? No . I do not .
 I was unable to purchase my usual leather conditioner so I purchased the Lexol product . My leather furniture was pretty decent with a supple feel and a subtle glow before I used the Lexol conditioner . After using Lexol the leather was at first sticky and then when dried and buffed , it felt dry and less conditioned than before I used it . The Lexol product was returned . I have tried a few leather conditioners and while this was n't the absolute worst , it was pretty bad . I would not recommend it at all . There are much better products out there .
 Did n't work as well as I thought it would . It did n't do anything for my car interior . Seats looked the same before and afterwards . I think you may have to `` bake '' it in the sun for a while ?
 I used this as directed on the leather seats in my car and now my clothing sticks/grabs against the seats . Hopefully I can undo whatever it did with a different conditioner I just picked up .
 Tht this might be a good thing to baby my leather furniture . While I 'm sure that it did do it 's job of moisturizing my leather , it left a lingering oily film . And yes , being a homemaker for 30 plus yrs , I used it correctly . Used some great all cotton kitchen towels to buff and then after 2 hrs went back to remove what appeared to be oily residue . Was impossible to actually remove it all . Solved the problem by covering the furniture w / sheets and letting the sheets remove it while we sat . Took about 2-3 days before I removed the sheets . While I like my leather , I 'm not taking this much time to baby it . The remainder of the bottle went into the trash .
 I recently bought 2 pairs of Bruno Magli shoes @ $ 450/pair . I 've never owned such expensive shoes before , so I decided I had better take care of them . In addition to a good shoe shine kit , I bought Lexol leather cleaner and this Lexol leather conditioner . I started by polishing the shoes and buffing them until they had a nice shine . Then I waited one day and applied the conditioner . I skipped the cleaning step , as I had never worn the shoes and they were spotless . After I applied the conditioner , the shoes looked dull and lifeless - all of the benefit of the shine and buff were gone . I buffed the shoes again with a clean cloth , but was unable to restore the shine . The leather might be well conditioned , but it sure does n't look any better . Next time I will reverse the process
 This stuff ruined my expensive leather couches . At first they looked fine , then within a couple days it started cracking . The leather was almost sticky at first , and this might sound weird but my daughter spilled some glitter and it embedded into my leather and will not come off because it is so soft and sticky . Since then the leather looks dull and dry . I am so disappointed it makes me sick . Please do not use this product on nice couches .
 I 've used Lexol cleaner before on my Rx7 seats -LRB- from the open bottle -RRB- . This time i decided to get some conditioner on the BMW . Well first of all this product does not need a spray bottle.It would have been easier in just an open container . When you spray it goes everywhere , the back parcel shelf , the windows , the carpet . Its hard to be precise with it.After reading the reviews , lots of people said it felt non-sticky , i disagree . It was very tacky and disgusting . I will get something else to replace this with .
 Just the thing if you want your leather to smell like old crayons . Seems to be nothing but mineral oil emulsified in water with a tiny bit of coloring to throw it a hair off white . If you think mineral oil is good for leather , you can mix -LRB- emulsify -RRB- some with water and soap and save yourself the expense of this nonsense . Leaves a greasy film that is very hard to remove . Real saddle soap has always done a better job for me.Amendment : After a few days the stickiness was no longer evident and the smell was just unremarkably leatherish . Maybe it 's good for the leather but I could not detect any change in softness of some areas that started out dry feeling .
 Despite the fact that it said it fit most cars , it did n't fit in my Dodge Intrepid . My son made the best of it by hanging it on his car seat , but it gets knocked off easily.oh well . It saved me from having to pay $ 10 in shipping on my $ 24.99 item , so it was still worth a try .
 The cup holders do n't slide in our windows -- they 're too thick -- so they 're useless to us .
 I know I di n't pay much for this item , but it has been a horrible cup holder . It does n't fit in my nissan altima . I have had my drink spill on me several times since using .
 Add clearly stated must order in packs of 12 . Got one cup holder for 11.65 with shipping . Big rip off . Geroy 's asked to be contacted if we were dissatisfied . I did and never heard a word from them .
 I do n't know if it is my vehicle or the way this product is made ... but it would n't stay hooked on the window . We use it to hold a cleaning bottle in the laundry room now , but definitely a waste of money for use in the car . : /
 We ordered these because they were inexpensive , and now we know why . They never stayed in place no matter how hard we tried . They toppled over and drinks spilled all over . They now reside in the trash .
 I bought two of these for the back seat . I could n't use it because it popped out everytime I put it on . Maybe it 's just my car but they are useless for me .
 After reading the wonderful testimonials for Zymol Z507 on this site , I ordered I ordered it immediately . I applied the product according to the instructions on one half of the drivers seat in my car and it did absolutely nothing . I have since applied it two more times to the same side of the seat and again the seat is as dirty as it was before I started . The untreated side looks the same as the treated side . This product is worthless and I would n't recommend it to anyone . Save your time and money .
 Soaks into the leather instantly . Probably OK on shiny waterproof leather but in that case one might as well use plastic cleaner .
 Point blank This is just way to mild . This stuff would not clean my leather . I went ahead and purchased Concorso Leather Cleanse and was very happy with it !
 After reading all the great reviews at Amazon , I called about SEVEN local stores in Mesa , AZ. . It seemed like Nobody in the area sold it -LRB- other reviewers have mentioned this too -RRB- . Now I know why . It does NOT work . Not any better than the significantly more inexpensive , Armor All -LRB- which also ` shines and protects ' -- so no conditioner purchase is necessary -RRB- . If I had bought it locally , I would have returned it for a full refund.I just bought a 2004 Nissan 350z , and the tan leather car seats are still pretty dirty looking . Even after two applications of Zymol , a total of two hours cleaning -LRB- mostly just on the driver 's seat -RRB- and lots of ` elbow grease ' .
 Not all that great , removed some marks , it did state that if the area went black stop using it , and yes it went black and looks worst now .
 The item appears to be brass , but is really aluminum that is anodized a brass color . The crimp between the two isolated parts is poor so that they flop apart when the knob is loosened , requiring a few turns of the knob to be sure it does not contact . The end that is like a battery post is smaller diameter than a negative battery post , so the battery clamp has to be tightened to an excessively small size to hold properly .
 I was looking for a well-made battery disconnector made in the USA , and this is not it ! It is very cheaply made and will not hold up after it is tightened down because if it has to be removed , the terminal arms will break apart . Not recommended .
 This item was a bad fit for me and I suspect others . First the battery terminal opening is none standard and to large . I had to place a shim in it to get it to clamp well . Also the battery cable mount stem is oriented the wrong way to easily mount it cable based on how it was mounted . third the cable mount end moves around when you losen the knob which will allow it to make contact still if moved and reconnect the battery . All in all not a great design .
 It was difficult to get a tight fit on the + battery cable of my van , and as I tried to tighten the bolt , the two halves of the disconnect seperated , allowing the cable to hit the positive terminal , quite dangerous . I was able to put the two halves back together , but even though I was now being very careful , the same thing happened again . Got it on on the third try , but the cable-to-disconnect connection is still a little loose , and I 'm in a seaside environment , so I 'm concerned that I will not have a good connection due to corrosion . The terminal post on this disconnect needs to be fatter , and the halves need to be crimped together more securely . I 've had similar disconnects in the past and not had this problem .
 This product was advertised as fitting a Toyota Prius battery . It did not fit on the battery terminals -LRB- connections too large -RRB- and was unusable .
 I ordered this for a 2002 Toyota Sienna . This product does not fit the 2001 to 2003 Toyota Sienna .
 These terminals are for 6awg wires -LRB- or smaller -RRB- , not for anything near what most automotive battery cables actually use , which is 4 , 2 , even 1/0 cables , which makes the title description of the add misleading , because they will NOT work for MOST battery cables . They are also only rated for 50amps . again that would make them unusable for jump start remote terminals or battery -LRB- main -RRB- disconnects , which is what I wanted them for . I rated them a 2 because of the title , Im sure these would be great for other uses , but not battery disconnects.They would be useful for MUCH smaller battery systems , like lawnmowers , go carts , things of that nature ... but ... how many of us modify the starting/charging systems on those contraptions?I digress , I will be sending these back to Amazon for something else .
 The quality of the plastic for $ 21.99 is better than expected . My problem is strictly based on these 15 '' wheel covers not fitting my 2004 Subaru Impreza TS Wagon 15 '' steel wheels . As another reviewer seems to have indicated they seem a bit small and consequently they do n't seat correctly . One of the plastic brackets broke as well , while installing . Consequently for those who are looking for wheel covers that do work I already ordered and received the following
 I ordered these 15 inch wheel covers for my Honda . Unfortunately , this company sent me the wrong size -LRB- 14 inch -RRB- , so they are useless .
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 I had a set of these crappy blades for 3 months . When they are new , they wipe things cleanly and quietly . After two or three weeks of moderate usage , the blades start skipping the windshield every time you use them . Worse of all , they produce the annoying squealing noise when they wipe the glass as if they demanded you dump them as soon as possible . Look for something else if you do n't want to change your blades every two or three months . Michelin and Rain-X are many orders of magnitude better than Anco .
 Bought this for a 2008 Camry Hybrid . The info said it would . It did not . The mounting port of the replacement blade is too narrow .
 This refill does not fit my Anco 31 series arms . N = narrow . Looking at the Anco website ; I can not find what arms these blades fit or what refills are correct for my 31 arms.These will have to be thrown away ...
 This pump is made of cheap plastic materials . The pumping mechanism does not turn very well and wants to seize up , even after lubrication . The plastic handle on my pump broke after just the second use . I do not recommend this pump .
 No good ... not recommended.VERY hard to fit over the Morosco gauge -LRB- which IS very good -RRB- . Once on , the rubber broke after about a month.Junk .
 Went to use the gauge today and the cover has already split at the hole for the nipple . Poor product , save your money
 Do you need some extra protection on your awesome new gauge ? Yes you do ; but do you need to pay so much for a chunk of rubber ? No . All I can say is ; duct tape and inner tube . Be a man ...
 This recommended cover was too big for my gauge . It flops around in it . I gave it to my dog as a new toy instead .
 I bought a manual air pressure gauge , which cost $ 25.00 , the gauge cover , which was advertised to go with this gauge was TOO big , and did not work . Because it was only $ 5.00 and I broke the shrink wrap package , I kept it .
 The 89590 Gauge Cover is WAY to big for the 2343 Tire Gauge . Amazon states '' Frequently Bought Together '' is the 2343 AutoMeter and the Moroso 89590 Gauge cover . The AutoMeter tire gauge comes from Amazon , the cover comes from an other vendor . I do n't know who is at fault , but I am not happy . It is too much work to send the products back , so I consider the cover as a loss . I have to mention that the cover is well made .
 Nothing wrong with the item , alone ... I 'm sure it works as it should on a Moroso product . My beef is that it is shown by Amazon paired to the `` Accu-Gage 0-60 '' and it is too big for the instrument 's housing . Make sure you order the cover made by the manufacturer of the gage you wish to buy and do n't take Amazon 's recommendation .
 It is flimsy . The needle will move around even though nothing is happening to the gauge . The readings seem to vary wildly.I would not buy this again and wish I had n't wasted the money to begin with .
 Bought this over the winter to replace a lost Longacre tire pressure gauge . I was pleasantly surprised by the look and the feel . I brought it to a track event and the gauge worked for 2 sessions and then started showing 10psi less than the actual pressure.Threw it out.Amazon should remove this and exclusively sell longacre pressure gauges .
 Got this for my Prizm . It is made of a kind of heat-resistant plastic but it is too thick so it was pushing the two parts too far apart so that the clamps were not able to seal properly . Make yourself a favor , get some alternative that is maybe $ 1 more and do n't weld the two pieces like I had to do .
 First off , the designers of this product obviously never installed them . They are an absolute pain in the A to install . The spring design sounded cool , but really is quite useless and actually counter productive . It makes getting out harder than a fixed unit would . It tends to bend down and in , kind of ducking underneath the truck . Another flaw is that the bolts interfere with each other , you 're better off making your own brackets . Even the washers that were included did not work as they were too wide to fit where they were intended . The one thing I do like is the look . And the function would be nice , but the solid unit would offer more function .
 The picture is not correct !! These are two refills.They do not fit my Anco series 31 arms . N = norrow . Looking on the Anco website ; I can not find what arms these refills fit on , nor what refills are correct for my s31 arms .
 Ok I bought 2 of these at first I thought they worked ok first the green liquid turned clear not a bad thing but the balls dont read very well they were far enough of the fridge did n't work right . On a scale of 1 to 10 this gets a 1
 I purchased these refills to repair the wipers on a 1992 Toyota Previa . While the refills fit into the wiper blades as designed , the 20 '' is too short to fill any but the rear window wiper . I had to cut one in half and add it to another just to replace the passenger side wiper blade . Unfortunately , even after doing this , the performance in rain was very substandard , thus my low rating . They technically fit into the blades , just are not long enough to be called refills .
 4 days after install and only 4 hours of use , -LRB- all in one might -RRB- Passenger side gos out.Switched the bulbs around and the bulb is good.Transformer is shot , and only after 4 hours of use.Warranty card enclosed states 1 year warranty but there is NO INFO on who or where to contact for this coverage.No Address , Phone or Email . Very questionable company and unreliable product . Am trying to reconcile with supplier .
 Bought these about 2 years ago . Installation is easy , no one will argue that . My passenger side light always gave me trouble . It would decide when it wanted to work or not . Checked all wires many times throughout the life of the HIDs , no issues . Checked the bulb , works fine . I am searching for a Xentec website or phone and none exists . Yes , these are cheap headlights but , I wanted something I would n't have to mess with every 3 days . Buyer beware !
 Purchased this for a step up to my camper on my 03 Tundra . Fairly well built but it fits loose in the receiver . I wrapped Rhino tape around it which took some of the slack out of it . The included clamp that is supposed to keep the step from from feeling wobbly as you step on it is useless . The hand bolt to secure it is too short to get the threads started . The other issue is the tube fills up with water when it rains . The black anti-slip plastic piece you see pictured allows sitting water to enter the holes beneath it where it is held in place . I would n't think water is a good thing to have inside a metal tube . Besides that , when you take the step off be careful where you store it as the -LCB- rusty -RRB- water will leak out . I 'm tempted to pop the plastic piece off to silicone seal it in place but I 'm afraid of breaking whatever tabs are there to hold it in place . Hard to recommend this product . It works but was it worth the price ?? Do n't think so .
 Look great during the day . However , you can not see well at all at night . people can not see you and they will cut you off . you have to use your brights but then youre shining in people 's rearview mirrors . I have researched these for a year and for the price , I recommend a light tint film applied by a professional . When they state , `` for off-road use only '' they mean it .
 Maybe this set is for an EA81 , because there 's no way to make it fit on my car
 poorly constructed , obviously made in china , junk . Not solid state , but simply a bi-metal strip that is not adequate to regulate anything . Do n't waste your money .
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 they said it would fit and it does not it does not even have a cabin filter i shure hope i can send it back
 i do n't recommend this product . its doesnt ' t fit correctly , its poorly made and to put on a 40k vehicle i should have my head examined.bob
 PILE OF JUNK . DO N'T BUY . TAPE WILL NOT STICK AND WINDOW WILL HIT BOTTOM OF VISOR AND WILL SCRATCH YOUR GLASS . I DESERVE A REFUND FOR THIS PILE OF JUNK ... . I GIVE THIS PRODUCE A -100 STARS . I LET THE VISOR STAY ON FOR TWO WEEKS BEFORE ROLLING DOWN WINDOW . ROLLED DOWN WINDOW AND WITHIN A FEW HOURS DID NOT STICK . TEMPERATURE WAS AROUND 80 DEGRESS EACH DAY . BOUGHT SOME NEW 3M TAPE FROM LOCAL AUTO PARTS STORE AND RETAPED THE VISOR AND TRIED AGAIN WITH THE SAME RESULTS AS BEFORE . WILL NOT STICK TO SILVERADO SEAL . CLEANED SEAL WITH RUBBING ALCOHOL BEFORE ATTACHING TO SEAL . ALSO NOTICED MORE WIND NOISE AND A WHISTLING SOUND WITH WINDOWS ROLLED ALL THE WAY UP .
 I put all the correct especification of my BMW 325i 2003 on the '' Amazon Garage '' and that recomends this filter , but this filter dont work for my vehicle . Bad bad of Amazon .
 Purchased a Go Rhino Quick Rack for my new 2010 Ford F150 . Unfortunately , it does not fit on the side rails as advertised . The Quick Rack supports require more space under the truck side rails than is available . When installed , the supports are just touching and can not be adequately secured . I was hoping to use the Quick Rack for transporting things like a canoe on long trips . The rack is suitable for very shorts trips and really does not work -LRB- afraid that it might come loose while in use . I was really looking forward to this temporary `` on and off '' solution but it just does not work , used it twice now but never again . I am looking for something to replace it that is a little more trustworthy . Too bad as it looks like a great idea but like many things , it is ultimately in the execution and this just does not make it . I would NOT recommend that anyone purchase a Quick Rack for a late model Ford F150 , keep looking elsewhere !
 ordered a go rhino 3000 brush guard . started with step 1 and no holes drilled for brackets , re ordered piece , took two weeks to get and i will be damned 2nd piece still no holes . also missing screws and nuts in package . companies quality control sucks !!!!!
 Do n't be a duma55 like me and buy it for your `` 2002 Nissan Xterra SE SC '' even though Gibson 's personel said it should fit .
 i ordered this product and when i got it iwas the wrong one i wasted 400 dollars and had to cancel my trip because of them i would never order on here again . i called them to see if they will overnight me a new one and the told me i would have it on monday and it was a thursday . they offered a 20 dollar credit but failed to tell me it was only good on amazon prime products so everything i wanted did not qualify . hope you luck is better
 I did not plan for this to be used in the way most people expect to use a silicone lubricant . In fact , I am going to use this as a preperatory detangler for a 100 centimeter costume wig . A tutorial online told me to use 3-in-1 silicone lubricant , as it worked well , and she was not sure if other products would be the same.I received the product in a timely manner , but it was NOT what was listed . I received WD-40 silicone lubricant instead , which I do not believe is the same thing , but as it is still a silicone lubricant , should HOPEFULLY serve the same purpose . It is rather irritating that I would receive the wrong product ... I assume it was just a mix up/mistake in the packing department , as the two do look similar and theoretically are the same thing.STILL , I do not have time before my convention to return the product and order the correct one , making it extremely inconvenient that I received the wrong product . . It was a pretty simple mistake to make , but still ... I would advise anyone making orders to allow enough time for a possible return . It was a little sloppy to send someone the wrong product !
 The description for this product states `` quick-drying no-mess formula '' but the fact is that it is not what I call quick-drying and it is definitely messy . But it is a lubricant .
 Can buy a much cheaper version of this at Wal-Mart that works just as good.But I use it on my boat trailer and it works as advertised .
 I bought one of these of a ebay dealer , i did n't know amazon sells them.I ordered a 10000k blue one . When it arrived was very easy to install . When turned on the light was white and no where close to sky blue . There was n't anything on the box or its contents to say that the kit was a 1000k blue . But nonetheless the light was cool . Bright but white.But its just beginning , after 1 hour of use , 1 of the ballasts stop working . I found out its the ballast 's fault after cross testing . I read concerning the xentec kit before i bought them it has a 0.3 % failure rate , the lowest of all Hid kits - how ironic.Well there is n't anything in the manual to help , no one to call , no one to email , not even a website on the box . I 'm at a total loss as to what to do . I am an intl customer and it would cost too much to resend it for warranty . So i am seeking to buy a new replacement ballast for it which is costing $ 40 . So i advise everyone , its cheap but its a risk . And if you get any probs with it theres little u can do . They should at least have a website , email address and phone number . Be careful .
 The clicker will not work . We tried the directions sent to us many times without luck . I took the clicker by Toyota to get it re - programed . No luck . They put it into their computer and it is the wrong one . It looks like it , they said , but it is the wrong one , I think it has to do the trunk part . Our clicker does n't look like that . Wish it had worked . Have to send back .
 Yellow paint was missing which is necessary to complete task . Re-ordered same thing since I did n't keep order info . Hope it has all components to complete my job .
 I am not pleased with the product - even with the color chart and following directions was unable to get the color to match - even a little . I mixed them several times . I do n't have that hard of a color - just gray -
 Not nearly as easy to work with as advertised . Of course , trying to work with tight fabric is tough , but we had no idea how tough it would be to repair the tears we had .
 My GF burned a hole in my micro-fiber couch . I bought this for a fix , it was a fail . The adhesive is the bad part . It is what makes a stain on the fabric . Good luck with it if you buy it .
 This product works OK . I used it on a buddy 's 2003 Toyota 4Runner with grey cloth seats -LRB- i got a cigarette burn on the seat -RRB- . The seats were checkerboard/crosshatched . He noticed the cigarette burn repair within 10 seconds of getting in the car . The fabric material also came right off within 1-2 hours . Compared to how it looked , it was a good improvement , but not good enough . Does n't look that good and is NOT durable . For as cheap as it is , it 's not bad . The repair is n't super durable , but there is enough to redo the repair several times . If you want a quick , acceptable fix , this is a good product . If you want a permanent , OEM matching repair that looks great , then unfortunately this will not be acceptable -LRB- you should get in touch with an upholstery shop or find a spare seat in a junkyard -RRB-
 Waited 8 days to get the package which is way too long for Amazon 's reputation . Package did not include pulley as pictured so now I have to buy one for $ 30 at my local car parts store . Thanks a lot!Update
 They were a great company in the past . But I am straying from thier spark plugs as of now.I got these to replace the NGK Laser Platinums in my 2001 Oldsmobile Intrigue.They just do n't work . There was nothing wrong with the NGK 's that had 140,000 miles on them , well ... besides the high mileage.So I install these , perfectly , everything is looking great ... then I start the vehicle and it starts just fine BUT once running its missing all over the place . Yeah you could tell it was not just one bad apple , it was the lot of them.Whats the probability that 5 out of six will be defective ? Way too high to consider . Champion needs to UN-LIST these plugs as a replacement part for the 2001 Intrigue . Plugs nowadays are MASS PRODUCED to fit MANY different makes and models , and these plugs just ca n't perform in the 3.5 L - They are not suited to the Intrigue 's motor.Anyway , I returned them and got the Double Platinum Autolites . They work flawlessly in my motor , AND they were $ 6 cheaper !
 The product was difficlt to use in small area on the side of seats due to hot sealer . It looked ok for about 2 weeks then it cracked and peeled . I would not recommend this product .
 . . and the vision of a someone who 's misplaced their bifocals . Unless the color of the item requiring repair EXACTLY matches the premixed colors , you 're gon na be mixing colors til the cows come home to come up with the right shade . Aside from the color , it looked like a patch job as the texture did n't match . Also , application wore off quickly and item reverted back to the condition it was before I struggled with this . Save yourself the aggravation . Put the money toward a replacement or a throw to cover the tear/hole .
 It does n't work for repairing convertible tops . It did last for a few months on the tears in my soft top , but they split again .
 This item is complete crap . After following all the directions by the letter for a very small tear in my black leather car , it looked worse after the ` fix ' than it did before . The black was lighter than my car interior and looked horrendous after its application . I even tried using some black shoe polish to darken the spot up a little but nothing worked . Eventually I just scrubbed the area with some cleaning wipes until most of the product was removed and almost restored to the condition it was in before using the leather repair kit . Do n't waste your time or money , you wo n't be fooling anyone . In fact , you will only draw more attention to the spot .
 I had some tears in the back seat of my MINI when i bought it used , and thought I could easily patch them up with this kit . The seat color is charcoal gray and I had a devil of a time trying to mix the black and white to try to get the exact color . the paint is also very gooey and difficult to apply evenly . If you do have a tear in your vehicle seating , I would strongly suggest getting a professional to do the job properly .
 Bought this for a small hole in the vinyl in my boat seat . My boat vinyl is neither white nor cream , its an off-white type color -LRB- technically its called ` bone ' -RRB- and trying to color match was impossible . I never ended up using the product because I could n't color match correctly . If you have perfect white or other base colors then you 'll have an easier time with this product .
 I thought I would give this product a try to repair the material on the console on my husbands Eddie Bauer SUV . Bad decision . I tried for the longest time to get the color to match , no go , too light , too dark , to gray etc etc. . I ran out of the white so ended up with a darker color than original material . The tear was 11/2 inch by 1 inch , by the time I finished I ended up with a 4 x 6 mess . Now after one week it is cracking and the color is drying to a lighter color around the edges . I have tried to get it off , back to the original tear and thought about buying the clear patch tape with good reviews . But I can not get it off , anyone have an idea how to take off the product . The original heating tool and material I threw in the garbage after using . I tried heating up the iron , thinking it would make the material soft again and then use some Gogone , but it did not work . Would not recommend this product for use , unless a really small repair and you do not care about the color .
 I followed the directions for this EXACTLY , used on a couple of small cracks -LRB- not holes -RRB- on a vinyl arm rest on a chair . I used the black , and did not have to mix any colors . This should have been simple . First off - a warning ... the heating element smokes because the hot metal parts come in direct contact with the cheap plastic handle . If you use it too long , it really gives off smoke with a bad chemical smell . It is definitely not a well-made piece of equipment - borderline fire hazard if you do n't use it properly . After using the kit , the CRACK that was in the armchair hardened and split further , making the repair look WORSE than the original crack . I should have just left it alone and done nothing . I can not recommend this product . DO NOT USE !!!
 This product is way to difficult for the lay person . To much to the process of the repairing of leather or vinyl
 This vinyl & repair kit was very hard to work with . After folllowing the instructions closely the end result was very disapointing . The adhesive and compound that you apply would not adhere to the vinyl on what I was trying to repair and looked terrible . Started to peel off the first day . Do n't buy this product it doese n't work , if you do you will be very disapointed .
 This is probably one of the worst leather repair kits . But it does n't surprise me , because it is branded by Loctite , one of the worst brands when it comes to anything . 1 . -RRB- You will not get the right shade of your vinyl/leather , no matter if it is pitch black . That is dependent on the user , so that part I can understand . But 2 . -RRB- the patch will not stay `` patched '' for more than a week or so . Mine came off after a week and a half . I think a general rule of thumb is to stay away from anything made by the Henkel corporation . I do n't think these guys have ever heard of `` quality '' or `` customer satisfaction '' . If you think all of the 1 , 2 , and 3 ratings are a joke , when you do decide to get your kit , just take a look at how they have printed out their instructions . If they ca n't even print out their directions in a straight fashion -LRB- the directions were lopsided ! -RRB- , then you can expect everything to go downhill from there .
 I gave this 1 star , but only because that is the lowest rating . Ladies and gentlemen , unless you have red , white , or black upholstery to match , this has no hope of working . The instructions tell you to make a small amount of the paste and match it to the leather or vinyl . Problem is , you start with their color chart , and the instructions as I followed them did not even come close to the chart , much less my car seat . No amount of adding base color -LRB- white -RRB- could fix it , and then , I ran out of white . That was it.Take my advice . Follow the recommendations of people here . They have made the mistake of buying this product and then reporting on it so that you would not make the same mistake . It seemed to me that there was just no other product to do this job . That means one thing
 The hangers I received look nothing like whats in the picture . They are merely a length of 3/8 rod with a squared hook on one end . They 'll work , but they are n't what I thought I was ordering , I 'm severely disappointed in the misrepresentation , it 's not like Amazon at all .
 I recieved a different item not as pictured , beware , its not worth the cost to reurn .
 Noticed that the Product Features section claims that this product has a freespooling clutch . This is not correct for Model 1401 . Model 1406 will free spool , but this is not the product listed . Just thought you would want to know .
 I 've used one of these to raise and lower our 17 ' skiboat for over 15 years . It worked reliably , but I recently replaced it with a Warn 110v winch after reading that the Warn winch was much quieter . They were right . The Superwinch almost required one to wear earplugs .
 I bought these for my 77 ironhead Sportster . When I tried to install them they did n't fit . I 'm very unhappy with this purchase . Also , they are very flimsy . The housing distorts when you try to twist the light into the socket .
 I bought these with the thought of using less energy in my Land Cruiser . They fit perfectly in the socket and did light up . I noticed right away these were not as bright as the stock bulbs . In fact , they were about 50 percent dimmer . I decided to live with this since they used less energy . Then , after only a couple months of use they began to fail . Some of the LED 's would no longer light up while others would randomly blink . These are poorly made , cheap products ... do n't buy them !
 Instructions are useless . For my 2009 Corvette I had to remove the plastic rail from the new blade , remove the two metal filler rails from the old blade , pull the old blade out , feed the bare rubber new blade in , then slide each of the old metal rails in the upper slots on each side . It was a definite PITA and took over 30 minutes for one side . Also , it was n't the same as the picture , and there were two per package , not one .
 Kit contained four rubber boots only.Kit does not contain metal cylinders designed to fit inside boot which slide along caliper bolts nor does kit contain tube of grease clearly shown in the product photo.Product did not meet my expectations of a Professional Grade Caliper Hardware Kit .
 These blade refills would not fit in my stock C5 Corvette . They are too wide to fit in the blade holder .
 The first line of the instructions for the Permatex 09100 Plastic Tank Repair Kit says `` THIS PRODUCT IS NOT FOR USE ON PLASTIC FUEL TANKS '' It is NOT as advertized on Amazon . How do I get my money back ?
 We tried Permatex plastic tank repair on our fresh water tank on our travel trailer . We followed the directions , even let it set up for an extra day . The tank still leaked and the patch peeled right off . WORTHLESS !!!
 I had to cancel my order after reading manufacturer 's information , which said this was NOT for fuel tanks . It 's disingenuous -LRB- at best -RRB- for the seller to claim it does . Hopefully , nobody will burn up by following seller 's false claims .
 The product arrived quickly , bit the quality of the units is very low . The units that have already been installed have failed within one week .
 CHEEP USELESS CRAP PRODUCTS AVOID THE TROUBLES DID NOT WORK FROM DAY ONE REALLEY POOR QUALITY TOO JUNK ITEMS
 i 've had these actuators on my front doors of my astro van for a month , and now they are toast . suddenly died ... both of them at once ... and bummer , i was just getting a kick out of having pdl . but since they are so cheap i 'm going to order two more ... gon na wire in a fuses too , not sure how many amps but i 'll need four . Also going to purchase the swiss made ones too four times as expensive but , just in case ... -LSB- . . -RSB- a piece but beats paying 55 at the parts store .
 I bought a pair of Rola roof racks for our Hyundai Elantra -LRB- which did n't fit well at all -RRB- and ordered this roof rack thinking it would fit to their own racks . Boy was I wrong . This is the biggest engineering fail I 've ever seen . The u-brackets included are n't long enough to fit the mounting brackets they include * when used with their own roof rack * ! I had to go to Lowe 's to buy washer and nuts to replace the wing nuts they included that would not grab the threads -LRB- the supplied wing nuts , by the way , had they fit , would have stuck up about 1/2 '' below the bottom of the rack , resulting in four `` posts '' I would have had to pack around -RRB- . On top of that , once I finally got the nuts on -LRB- I had MYABE 1/4 '' of thread for them to `` grab '' -RRB- , tightening the brackets down only served to deform the bottom of the roof rack , instead of settling nicely into place.However , after some creative engineering to get it to stay on tightly , I was able to load it up with a fair amount of gear and bungee it down . It seemed reasonably sturdy and held up well to a 2,000 mile trip through some rain and wet snow . Overall , I liked the rack but was supremely frustrated by the poor execution of the mounting system .
 I am sorry to disappointing you due to the fact that the product received was not what i think i ordered . I do have a GM C 1984 sierra 1500 Canadian build . It has a straight block 6 cylinder 250qi motor . I have received a dist.cab and rotor kit for a 8 cylinder motor . The electronic ignition system on top of the cab is also required . How can you help me out with this problem .
 During the day these shades look real smooth . However , at night I have people flashing their lights at me all time and telling me they cant see my truck . People will also ride right up on you because they ca n't see you . I researched lens covers for over a year and I recommend going with a light tint job .
 These were stiff , too noisy and chattered badly on my 2008 Tundra . Valeo has a much better product , although they are harder to find .
 I brought a air filter & a oil filter as a promo for a rebate , They rejected my rebate because I have a PO BOX rather then a address . Since our town does not have mail carriers in the village people have Postal Boxes . They said they will not send rebates to PO BOXES , but funny thing I had to send the rebate to there PO Box . I will never buy a Fram product again & will dis courage others from buying there products if they have to be that CHEAP !!!!!
 This is not the right oil filter for 2007 dodge with 5.9 diesel.It might work for gas motor.The diesel filter is longer .
 This review is more on the vendor rather than the product itself . The reason I originally bought this product was because of the type of connection the horn has , which is what I needed for my vehicle . I was quite disappointed because the company was not able to provide the correct horn . I 'm sure the horn is a quality horn and works quite well , but it does n't do anybody any good if the product that is sent out is not the same one pictured on the inventory list . If an item has a picture associated with it , I expect to receive the item that is like it . This particular vendor was not able to do so .
 The cover is very small and did not fit my wheel.As if that were n't bad enough - the grip looks EVEN froma distant to be made of some cheap rubbery-plastic material.The stitches are painfully obvious and it looks as if thecompany that made them did not try at all to conceal them.Hardly what I 'd call elegant.If you have a really small steering wheel and need a cover , Ireally do n't recommend this one .
 This item was installed within 1/16 &#34; of recommended specs on a 2012 F350 long bed . It 's horrible . 2 minutes into driving the cover pops open and flaps around in the wind , it will not stay closed !!! It 's a serious safety issue . The seller and company are horrible , it 's my opinion to avoid this product , the company and seller . I 'm now having to work through Amazon to remedy this issue .
 This horn can only be installed as a 2-wire horn . If installed as a 2-wire horn the chirp for the locking car and the signal to the horn from the security alarm will no longer work . To continue to use this horn -LRB- in my case pass state inspection -RRB- as a 2-wire horn will require that a least a 1N4001 1A 100V diode -LRB- or a 1N5401 3A 100V both found at RadioShack -RRB- be soldered across the horn connectors to protect the contacts inside the horn and the horn button on the steering wheel . Yes , you will need to cut off the existing connector to make the short pigtail coming off of the head light even shorter so you may want to find a similar connector -LRB- I could not find a spare one on the wire harness -RRB- or proceed to the preferred solution offered as a challenge below.If you want a challenge , the plastic connector housing on the original 3-wire horn contains a circuit -LRB- sealed in the green material -RRB- that still should function . This circuit can be removed without damage by using a 1/4 '' drill to drill about 1/8 '' down to disconnect the 3 plastic rivets that hold the circuit board to the horn . With the circuit assembly removed from the horn your attachment options are endless . I suggest that you attach short wires from the circuit board assembly to the replacement horn , since you may need to replace that horn in the future.With the connector disconnected from the old horn , test the leads with a meter or small test light to see if it responds to the horn button being pressed and the remote lock . Now test the horn to see if it will work . If it does , the problem will more than likely continue to be intermitten due to oxide build up over time on the contacts inside the horn . Replace the horn with a cheaper model than this one -LRB- I found several before I mistakenly bought this one -RRB- , since there is no point to pay up for an aftermarket OEM horn that does not exist.Just an FYI , the horn is actually powered by a NPN BUZ11 transistor . This is contrary to most who incorrectly think that a relay is required to switch power to the horn . In fact , the horn has similar functioning as a relay except when the coil is actuated it resonates a small metal dowel that is connected to a thin metal disk to make the horn sound . Have fun.On Wednesday , November 16 , 2011 , Dantuono , Joey &lt;jdantuono@smpcorp.com> wrote : > Hi Todd , >> HN18 is indeed a conventional horn , that requires an external relay . At this time we do not have a unit with an internal relay . Sorry for any confusion . >> >> Joe Dantuono >> Quality Assurance
 Sorry , but the front vents do not fit.The rear window vents fit.Unfortunately to find this out I had to open the packaging and attempt installation and now will not be able to return or exchange this item.Also , I thought these were the ` snap in ' type but they are adhesive ... very tacky . No pun inteneded .
 I bought this high performance wires , they came with a set of wire plugs and connectors that were not compatible with my vehicle I had to buy another set to use the wires , meaning this package came incomplete , because the new set I bought came with two different to types of connectors , so I could choose the right connectors , if you buy this item chech first it comes with two sets of connectors or return it .
 I was really happy to purchase these and then tried to put them on my vehicle . WRONG ! The size is incompatible . Yes , it is the correct length , but what about the width ????? These are narrow blades - no mention of this in the description . If these were the correct width or if they would have mentioned that they were narrow refill blades , then that would be fine . Then I had to pay for the shipping -LRB- 25 % of the cost -RRB- . Bummed .
 Perhaps I just got a bad one , but it was nowhere near powerful enough to actuate the trunk release on my Miata . Returned .
 I have purchased 3 of these for 3 different vehicles and after 2 years all 3 fail to retain a charge and start the vehicle if it sits more than a few days . My traditional Exide battery in one of my other vehicles preforms much better and is older .
 Bought a set of these for my Jag XJS . They were purported to be custom cut but they do not fit the foot well and have to have folds along the edges and are not fitted like originals are.Trying to make contact to anyone that cares or could do anything is impossible.Will be returning these and will get a proper set.I wonder if any other vehicles have the same issues , but seems that for my Jag , their template was off .
 I bought this for a Saturn 2006 Ion 2 , and for some reason it had pointed rubber corners unlike the picture and the filter I replaced . It would not fit properly , so I rounded off the corners with scissors and installed it , but I would n't buy it online again .
 this item was supposed to be IN CHANNEL for sportage 2009 but was for 2003-2006 stick on ... it fit close enough to use without hassle of returning , but the cost difference wasa loss to me ... was not even putco brand and was made in south korea and would never order anything from putco again .
 Signature Series Dash Cover 81237-00-25 ; BlackWhat suede ? This does NOT look like any kind of suede leather I 've ever seen . It looks , -LRB- and feels -RRB- , like velvet CLOTH ! I have no confidence it will form-fit my dash . I have no confidence it will look like it belongs . I will use it ; if nothing else , it should , at least , protect the dash from further sun damage .
 I have owned a number of Haynes manuals and this is of the same mediocre quality . On the plus side there are lots of pictures and some parts of the manual gives good descriptions of different operations . The problem is the manual tries to cover a huge range of different machines manufactured over a 20 year period . This means there are inaccuracies , omissions and lack detail when you need it . I guess in defense of Haynes most of the manual was probably written about 30 years ago and expectations were lower - but they have had a lot of time for a rewrite ... . So , in summary , the manual is a useful reference - but you need to figure a lot out for yourself .
 I have had many Haynes manuals -LRB- and Chilton , Clymer , Bentley etc -RRB- . This one is a little too long in the tooth for my taste . The paper is really cheap , the printing looks like it has been photocopied too many times . Even the pictures which used to be color , are now not just black and white but fuzzy from what looks like , too many copies of copies . I 'm sending it back .
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 I bought this ATF because KIA Diamond type III was listed as a compatible ATF . NOT SO !! I found this out the hard way . When I replaced the transmission ATF with Valvoline MaxLife in my 2001 Kia Optima , I immediately experienced rough shifting and severe slippage . I drove several days thinking that the ATF needs to be stabilized , but the shifting did not improve.I did some research on the Web and found out that the OEM ATF for Kia calls for Diamond type III -LRB- 3 -RRB- which is used by Mitsubishi and Kia . The two other ATF certified to replace Diamond type III -LRB- 3 -RRB- are Mobil 1 ATF and Castrol Import MultiVehicle.Valvoline MaxLife ATF is NOT compatible with Diamond type III -LRB- 3 -RRB- , contrary to the label on the back of the bottle.I immediately replaced the ATF with Castrol Import MultiVehicle and saw a drastic improvement in shifting . Because I did a drain and replace , some Valvoline Maxlife ATF is still in my car . I 'll have to do another ATF change with Castrol -LRB- or Mobil 1 -RRB- to get the correct ATF mixture.If your car ATF specs are for Diamond type III -LRB- 3 -RRB- , stay away from Valvoline Maxlife ATF .
 Does not fit tight inside the hitch cavity as claimed -LRB- 25/16 ball -RRB- . Would be very nice if it only fit .
 I bought this charger about 1 year ago . The handle broke off of it within the first 6 months -LRB- cheap plastic . The control knobs are cheap and come off easily . The automatic shut-off never did appear to function properly . I had it stored in a controlled environment and just went and got it off of the shelf . Now the charge side will not function at all . Being an electronic enginneer , I decided I could find out why . When I opened the box , something I do n't recommend anyone without experience doing , I saw a product that is pieced together quite poorly . I am not at all impressed . Think I 'll try a Schumacher now instead of even trying to fix this piece of shabby craftsmanship !!
 I bought this for the auto on and off . I destroyed 2 expensive Marine Batterys because it never shut off and overcharged the Batterys.I personally would not recommend this charger
 Century 87151 Taiwan piece of junk , spade terms inside are so loose , the wires fell off , heat sink on power transistor so loose it rattles .
 Nice color.Nice SizeNice features.Easy to useCons : Clips are only copper clad - could be tougher.The handle usually breaks off - its genuine plastic.You will probably lose the switch knobs.Spotty reliability . You may get a good one , you may not . But you may not know until the warranty runs out.I 've owned two of these . I took the first one back to Sam 's Club when it quit . Got an exchange , and this one quit , too.If your serious and want to spend more for a better charger , search for Associated . For less demanding use , Look into a Schumacher . They are usually not automatic , but they are reliable . There are also very good electronic ones on the market , like a Vector , that use pulse technology that can prolong battery life and even revive long-dead sulfated batteries . Beware though that these are fairly new and longevity has n't been proven .
 this is not dependable -- apparently spades maybe loose like other reviews.Works and then does n't work . Sam 's Club purchase and hardly used .
 I bought mine April 2001 . It is no longer able to charge back up to power . It did work the first few months but now it is gone . It is interesting to see that I am not alone .
 I hardly used it at all . Kept it charged & stored as instructed.Used it as backup battery on pop-up camper if main battery died.AC Adaptor died I think , no replacement available for 15VDC AC Adaptor.Try another model , not Century !!!
 I had one of these -LRB- j900 -RRB- in my trunk which apparently bounced against the sidewall , knocked the leads loose , they arced together and started my trunk carpet on fire . The century mfg. co. wo n't return my calls , so I am trying to alert people to the potential disaster these products are .
 I have this particular charger and it 's a waste of money . A month after I bought it , the timer would n't work in the `` on '' position . Another month later , the timer would n't wind down . You could set it for 15 minutes but the charger would stay on forever . Lost a couple of batteries before realizing this was the problem . 6 months later , it does n't work at all.This charger also does n't include a diode to prevent draining the battery if the charger is unplugged . It might also drain batteries when turned off , but I ca n't verify that.I 'd recommend spending $ $ $ more and getting a better charger . I did.Liza 's Dad
 Wix showed this filter as a direct replacement for the Bolens G174 tractor . In reality , it is 1.5 &#34; too long . The old filter has clogged so I cut this one down to make it fit in the filter box .
 It has no on and off switch , which is a safety hazard . But the 1st time my sick husband had to use it , in bad weather , it did n't work .
 Just had to replace the Interstate battery in my wife 's car . It was an 85 month MTP-40R battery -LRB- their best -RRB- but it only lasted 47 months . Priced at $ 112 plus tax new but Interstate only gave me a $ 38 prorated credit so I ended up paying $ 74 plus another tax for the replacement . I contacted the main customer service dept and told them there should have been a better prorated credit since this what such a high dollar battery and it barely made it to 55 % of it 's expected life . The representative said sorry . I have bought cheapy $ 60 / 48 month batteries at Checker and Autozone that lasted longer than the Interstate . This is not the first Interstate I have had a problem with either . Had a deep cycle battery for my camper that only lasted a couple of years before I had to replace . So much for Interstate 's being the cream of the crop . I will not buy another Interstate , I have had better luck with Checker , Autozone , and Sears batteries and their stores are far more convenient and open more frequently .
 they fit ok but you could hit with your feet when you get in the car also very expensive product will not buy again
 i took my car in and my mechanic said it was the wrong part . i 'm not sure what went wrong but i followed Amazon recommendations based on my car 's year & model . i wish to return it .
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 enough said ... this rotor had spots of rust all over the damn thing right out of the box and looked dirty almost as if it had been previously used . i ordered my front rotors from a gm dealer because they were sold out on amazon and thank goodness i did because atleast my front rotors look brand spankin new and clean and i am extremely disappointed with this order and it has lowered my respect for amazon.com i will not be ordering automotive products from them again . i do n't have the time money or resources to spend returning the damned thing , so what i plan to do is use a wirebrush to scrape off as much rust as possible , use brake cleaner to clean the rotor off so it atleast appears like new , and paint it myself , because lets not forget , the picture depicted of this product is painted . and let me tell you , when i got my rotor it was anything but painted ... . false advertisement and a bad buying experience
 My jack stand has developed cracks after just two seasons and I no longer use it . Pros
 Bought this to support my trailers tongue while traveling and in storage . But not knowing what the weight rating was it turns out to be the wrong thing . I have a 30 foot trailer with a 1000 # tongue rating and this thing collapsed when I tried to use it . It was n't that much money to make a fuss over , but I would n't recommend it to anyone else .
 When I bought this product I thought '' great I wo n't need to bring heavy cinder blocks with me anymore . '' Well , I was wrong . The top is too narrow for my jack to go on safely . When I put the camper on it , it seems way to unstable .
 I have used this stand and can not recommend it . The flange at the top broke off so there is nothing to keep the jack from sliding off . The trailer was only 19 feet long , so it was n't too heavy .
 Just called ACDELCO and they confirmed that these are rear rotors !!! AMAZON needs to update their brake stock !! Please do not waste people money and time !!
 i love k & n to death but they have to realize ford was being super dumb when when they came out with straght six and made it dual throottle body and when i asked if if it fit my truck it said yes , and forgot about dual throotle body . but just got ta buy the aitr charger instead . but did return giot money back so was happy and ill still by k & n shuld specify better
 I wanted this bug deflector to help protect the paint on the hood of my truck and it also matches the window vents by the same manufacturer that I put on this truck . The whole package looked cool ! However , after installing the bug deflector I could hear loud wind buffeting noise when on the road and it would only get worse as speed increased and was very objectionable . At first I was n't sure the deflector was causing the problem but the noise was n't there before installation , so after I removed it the noise was gone . I have had one of these deflectors installed on my previous truck -LRB- a Ford Ranger -RRB- and it worked great , there was no increase in noise at all on that truck . So I was very disappointed because of this . However , the product is very nice , well made and looked good on the truck , I was just disappointed that it caused so much noise . Installation was very easy , only two anchors and screws -LRB- no drilling required -RRB- and only took about 5 minutes .
 It 's ok and does what it 's supposed to but it is now a major major pain to unlatch my pickup hood because this thing rides so far out from the hood edge . I had another brand before this one that was much better . So I do n't recommend this one .
 this product was not only opened before and manipulated but they sent me the wrong shift knob ... this people think money grows from trees ? stupid business does not even know their own products .
 seems to be well made . its a lot smaller then sizing says . it has interchangeable color sides . it has too many pockets and could do without bladder holder . not bad overall just wish it could hold a thermos . thx
 I purchased this to replace a door handle that stripped out on a 1995 Gmc Vandura 3500 . I never leave reviews but had to for this product . It snapped off after less than a month of use . Spend a couple extra dollars and get a better one .
 The tow light kit does not work as a turn signal , both lights flash at same time . Wires between the two lights too short . I was disapointed .
 I went through 2 of these after Amazon was nice enough to replace the first one that was destroyed on the freeway . Need to clamp them down in addition to the magnet strength . Really convenient but money would be better spent on something more durable .
 Replaced both front wheel bearings in '05 Nissan Murano in November of 2011 . One or both replacement bearings -LRB- TIMKEN HA590046 -RRB- have failed after a little less than 11,000 miles , and 16 months - warranty is 12 months . I paid over $ 250 with S&H - could have saved a lot of $ $ $ and bought cheaper , but thought I was paying for quality . You might as well buy cheaper parts , since the pricey ones fail just after warranty anyway !!!
 Bought the boost gauge to troubleshoot a diesel engine . Only need to know if the boost before the intercooler was close to the boost after it . When I unpacked it , the gauge read seven psi without being hooked up . This is quite a bit on a sixty pound gauge . Sent a coupe of e mails to the manufacturer wanting to know if the needle could be repositioned or how to repair the gauge . No response . Since it will work for what I wanted , I 'll use it rather than going to the hassle of returning it for a different one . I would n't buy another from the same manufacturer since the quality control is obviously lax and response to the customer seems to fall in the same category .
 This part does not fit 2002 Honda CR-V , LX . Both ends did not fit the pioneer radio nor did the -LRB- White female -RRB- end fit into the original blue male connector .
 Oh , it will fit a 1999 S-10 chev fuel pump assembly . But it wo n't make the correct pressure . The pressure it makes is more for throttle body injection in older S-10 's . Its not enough for Multiport injection . So watch out ! Do n't remove the fuel tank twice and spend around $ 280 bucks anyway for a full assembly that works like it should . If I had known at the time , I would have bought the E3943M . I do n't know who is telling these guys all these parts fit . Because they do n't !
 I 'm afraid that 's about all I can say for it . The best I 've ever gotten is a dribble , and for all of about six seconds . More pumping , another dribble . It took me about five frustrating minutes to get about four cups of water out of my 55-gallon drum , pumping the whole time . I did n't see anything clogging the pump , or any splitting or damage , although this is a * very * insubstantial-feeling , lightweight plastic . I expected that for the price ; I just also expected that it would work , which it certainly does n't for me . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I used this in a ninja 250r and a ninja 650r . It fit both bikes very well -LRB- the 650 as if it were made for it , a little more enveloping on the 250 -RRB- , snugged under the tires , and did a good job protecting them from sun , tree debris , and the neighborhood cats . I enjoyed the camo , it set my bike apart without being too obnoxious . And the heat shield worked great ; never had a problem putting the cover on right after a ride when my pipes were hot.HOWEVER . It was not waterproof . Not at all . Even after I repeatedly sprayed it with scotch-guard . Maybe it would repel water from a very light sprinkle or drizzle if it was brief and there was a nice stiff wind to help dry it off quickly , but with any real rain , it soaked through and showed off my bike 's paint color like a wet t-shirt contest . It would pool between the outer cover and the inner heat shield lining like a water balloon , and I actually had to cut holes in the heat shield liner so it could drain out . The soft non-scratch liner at the front to protect the windscreen got mildewed within a month of autumn showers . I was very disappointed with the non-weatherproof nature of this so-called `` weatherall '' cover , and I will not be buying dowco covers in the future .
 This product looks good to cover my bike but its already tore apart and it only last for 8 months .
 Bought this filter and tried it in a Corolla 2005 CE , would not fit properly . The filter cover would not close and I tried applying force . Did not want to push too hard on the cover latch because it defianatly would have broke the latch . The filter seems a little too large on the lip and doesnt allow the filter box lid to close entirely . I bought a cheaper filter here on Amazon for my Corolla and it worked perfectly . Be careful with this filter ; it may or may not fit .
 The showed my car with the wrong part number and i tried to explain it to them they wanted a restock charge anyway . . I would not buy with them again . Hard to work with and so i finally threw it in the garbage than have them make more money on me . To ship it back and restock was half the cost.Not too happy : - -LRB-
 does not fit my honda civic . even tried cutting the mats . what a waste of money ! I wont make this mistake again . Even though it says it fit my honda civic it still did not fit .
 I can not reconcile the difference between what the other reviewers say about these mats , and what I think of them . They are very cheap mats . That 's it . No one would ever think that these are better than OEM mats . NO ONE . I have to wonder if the mats that I received are the same as the ones that the other reviewers received . I can find better at the big-box discount store for less . If you 're thinking of buying these based on the reviews -LRB- that 's what I did -RRB- , DO N'T ! One review mentioned that they were surprised how thick that these were . They are n't thick . If you 're looking for decent floor mats for your car , keep looking .
 When I opened the shipping carton I was hit by a strong chemical odor . If you have small children you might want to leave these outside for a year or two untill the ordor dissapates . Also the rear mats are tiny . I had to use them in conjunction with the old mats to covetr the rear . If I did not have to pay for shipping I would have send them back
 I have had these mats for almost year now , and I can tell they will not fall apart for a long time yet but there is one problem that really ruins them for me . They will not stay in place , they constantly slide forward .
 Months of airing out can not take away the hideous stench coming out of these made-in-china mats.Avoid at all costs .
 I read through all the reviews and made my own judgement to purchase based on the collective feedback . Unless you have an old pickup truck with no car mats and rotted out carpet , these pads just do n't make your vehicle look or feel better . As others have posted , they are cheap . The rubber edging is yellowish beige , while the carpet is beige , creating a color distortion on the floor . The rear carpet pads are about 50 % smaller than my existing pads . All in all , they get a zero for fitting so very poorly , and another zero for the quality , and another zero for color.Despite the manufacturer not readily providing the information as to sizes , Amazon should require and should post not only the specific sizes of the pads , but even a diagramatic template of all pads . They should qualify that the color of the rubber trim is distinctly different from the color of the carpet . In addition , a better photo of the color should be posted . In today 's information centric world this type of information is the norm not the exception.Packing was fine , and shipping from Amazon was fine . Removing the staples took a needle nosed pliers.ZERO RATING . DO NOT RECOMMEND .
 Ordered the floor mats for my car on February 2011 . All the carpet has fallen off the rubber matt . Rubber Queen used to be a good product . I think there was a five year warranty on the product . Not happy with product at all .
 the Mirror arrived broken , see picture , what really concerns me is the 7 years of bad luck , if I get 7 years of bad luck for every piece I am in trouble , UPDATE ... the same day Amazon refunded my $ w/out me having to send broken mirror back
 The lowest rating allowed is one star ; for this item it 's really ZERO ! Adhesive will not hold to your vehicle mirror . Both the ones I purchased kept falling off and I kept putting them back on . Finally one broke into pieces when it fell off in my garage . Amazon paid for return shipping and issued refund .
 I purchased this for my computer monitor . I stuck it on the corner of a big CRT monitor . It worked awesome for a few days ... Then I found it on the floor . The sticky part on the back of the mirror does not hold up . I put it back on and every couple days it is on the floor again . Would not purchase again .
 lightweight plastic , would be shiny and clear , but scuffed in the packaging , probably from being stacked or under a heavier object at some point .
 you 'll have to replace the sticky tape on these before they 'll actually stick to your mirrors . I bought two and neither would come close to sticking to my clean mirrors . Dunno why . Had to replace the tape with 3M product and then they stuck fine .
 As others experienced , the mirrored surface was slightly scuffed inside of the package . Simply the movement of the mirror against the plastic packaging scratched it . It 's like chromed plastic instead of glass , so that 's why its easily marred . I highly doubt it could withstand the rigors of the environment if stuck on a car door mirror . More suited for inside applications , like using it as a computer monitor mirror .
 This is more less a big blind spot mirror and not what I wanted . I wanted a regular mirror for my desk at work . This is not it .
 mirror came with imperfections / scratches . It had nothing to do with the packaging , these are manufacturing defects . Would return the mirror , but I feel like its my fault for not heeding the advice of the other reviewers . mirror . I SHOULD HAVE LISTENED TO THE OTHER REVIEWS !!!
 Mirror was just little scratchy . was not really new . felt like used mirror has be re-packed and shipped.ok mirror ,
 Was looking to put these on my Ford F150 ... and they are just too small . I should have read the size closer before ordering .
 Just got home and opened the package . As others have written , the package it comes in sucks . It came scratched/scuffed up in the middle . I 'm not too happy about it . It defeats the whole purpose of having a mirror . The item is not worth enough to go through the trouble of returning .
 Like many other reviews already mentioned , this mirror came with multiple scratches and tiny marks on it.The packaging of the material by the manufacturer is so poor that the mirror is actually packed with dust and plastic residues . I 'm not talking about the amazon.com shipping package . The manufacturer uses 4 ` x6 ' sized paper and a clear plactic to cover the mirror . And inside of that cover , the mirror resides along with the dust and residues . Therefore the mirror gets scratched from day 1 even before you open it up , and the scratch is inevitable . I ca n't believe I spend $ 5 for this piece of junk . Take my advice and please stay away from this product .
 At least , a year since the bad reviews that said the mirrors showed up scratched , this vendor has still not done anything about the problem , apparently . Everybody thinks `` It wo n't happen to me . '' Well , it happened to me too . Sure , it is cheap and it 's not like I took a big financial hit with this deal , but what ever happened to ethical business practices?It 's just not worth it to me to return the thing and it still kind of works.Anyway , find a different vendor for your cube mirrors because this vendor is unscrupulous , careless , and they just just plain do n't care .
 I have bought several of these trying to find one where the surface is not scratched . I 'm still looking , but have n't yet found one . The problem is that the packaging is such that the surface of the mirror is not protected and they are prone to being scratched during shipment / transport . Functionally , unless the scratched area is large , the mirrors still function . I 'm picky ... I want to put a convex mirror on a show car that is not scratched .
 Even though it 's a packed one , seems to be old . It 's more like a plastic toy . Better go for high quality products .
 bought 2 of these for my car , i noticed small scratches on them , but probably would n't bother me looking at them from my driver 's seat . When i put them on , i noticed a dent in the mirrors , i felt it , and it was round , so it was probably on the inside . i ripped them both off immediately and tossed them out . I get what i paid for.The time it will take for me to ship them back out for a refund is n't worth 4 dollars . Writing this review took me a minute , so hopefully it 'll give you an idea not to take the chance on this product . I hope it helps someone .
 I bought this hoping to reduce the number of bugs splattered on the windshield while driving at night . There seemed to be a small reduction in bugs on the bottom 1/3 of the windshield but there was no noticeable reduction in bugs on the top 2/3 of the windshield . The most noticeable difference was the loss of slightly over 2 MPG . I averaged 39.9 mpg over 9,000 miles without the bug deflector and 37.8 mpg over 3 tanks of fuel with the bug deflector.The best indication that this bug deflector is not effective at protecting the windshield is the rain still beads and blows straight up off my Aquapel treated windshield . When I used Rainx in the past on pickups , the water almost stopped blowing off when a bug deflector was installed.If you 're looking for hood protection , this deflector fits fairly well and will probably do a good job ... just do n't expect windshield protection .
 I got these for an F-150 as they seemed to look a bit better than the round versions . They do look better but dont work nearly as well . Regardless of how I positioned it , I could never get the one on the passenger side to work well . The round versions provide much better visibility over the blind-spots on the truck . Go for the round version .
 The product is made ok but I found it both too small and distracting . It takes up space in your main mirror and you are seeing two images . I took it off and ordered the mirror which mounts on top -LRB- or botton which I prefer -RRB- of your side view mirror . It is less distracting and does n't use any of the viewing area on your existing side view mirror .
 The catch is that the mirrored image you get through this add-on projects a different scale view to your mirror whilst of course taking away space on your mirror from your regular view . So if you have a relatively small external mirror -LRB- and not a huge big thing like some SUVs do - it might be OK on those -RRB- , then this thing obstructs the regular close-by views you are supposed to be getting from your car 's mirror and then gives you a differently scaled view of everything else which now appears miles away on this tiny add-on -LRB- when it really is n't -RRB- . Yes it catches the blind spot but can be confusing for all other view angles . I would not give it a safety pick confidence vote ...
 These mirrors seemed to have good reviews , but upon use , found that they were too large for my mirror , and gave the absolute wrong angles . I went with another smaller mirror that was adjustable .
 It was 4 days late and doesnt even with the view of the blind spot.Dont buy it total waste of money
 I though the shape and design were going to be winners , but the inside edge is over 1/2 '' thick.Should taper from 1/8 '' , etc.Mounted them and the 1/2 '' + height is too much . Way too thick.Tossed these and got thin stick on mirrors .
 It 's only fair to admit that the product is well made and is exactly what the advertisement says it is , but it is too small to be of any real use . In fact , it actually OBSTRUCTS use of the original mirror far more than it helps . Driving around a busy highway in the dark of night , one needs to be able to make split-second decisions . If I relied on this w/o checking blind spots in other ways , I would have been in several accidents by now . The fault is really mine , I had n't stopped to think that the images on a convex mirror would HAVE to be bigger than this one provides to be useful . Be sure that 2x2 inches is enough before you buy this . It was n't for me ; I had to take it off three days after buying it . I ended up grabbing the biggest old-fashioned round one that the local auto parts store carried , and that is doing a much better job . What the human eye REALLY needs is large convex mirror like trucks have . THIS thing only tells you at a glance that there are headlights SOMEWHERE behind you , and that just is n't enough information to change lanes safely .
 very big not useful as small mirror it is may be best for a truck or a big vehicle . not fit for acar
 It stuck just fine for about 3 months but as soon as I went through a car wash it fell off . Too bad because it helped a lot . But I expect to go through the car wash every once in a while so I wo n't be using this again .
 Bought one of these . AC Delco , for my GM car . Do yourself a favor and do not buy this part . AC Delco has moved the manufacture of this product to China and in the process has changed the impeller to a cast impeller . Normally a good idea , but on the 3.5 shortstar it 's not . I fought this thing for 2 weeks trying to get the ` air bubble ' out that was overheating the engine at low engine speeds . After wasting hours and hours of my time -LRB- and almost $ 50 on anti-freeze -RRB- and countless hours trying to track down the problem , I bought a local reman pump with the plastic impeller that is an identical shape to the original OEM one , and all problems went away . The pump does not put out enough flow below 2000 rpm to keep from boiling the water in the engine and making its own air bubble no matter how much you burp or bleed it.Jan 2013 update . The local aftermarket part is still working perfectly in the car . I have since run across others with the same problem as I had - the AC Delco part did NOT work properly in this application . I spoke to AC Delco and the company making them for AC Delco . As far as I know , nothing has been done to fix the problem with the part . This is a case where the aftermarket folks did a better job of copying the design than the OEM folks did . The only reason this gets one star is because they wo n't let me score it a zero .
 Looked at all the Reviews , Purchased this Seat.Went together nice , no problem.Was almost a month before used the seat on a project.Used the seat about three times and the gas shock will not keep me up.I am an average size person.Looking to return it now , wish me luck now that it is past 30 days.Please look further than this seat before purchasing !
 I received the seat cover wrinkled and was installed then left the cart for a few days to see what happen with the wrinkles , but after few days the wrinkles are still there .
 I had previously purchased a couple craftsman chairs -LRB- for a fraction of the cost -RRB- for some assembly techs in our warehouse , they lasted about 13 months and both were shot.I decided ... . You know what , I 'm going to purchase a couple quality seats and be done with this , so I spent 3 times as much and bought two of these seats . I bought them on April 13th 2012 , and within one month all 5 casters on each seat are broken.And back they go . Big disappointment .
 This creeper arrived in completely separated pieces except for nuts . The nuts had to be removed first . They were attached so firmly -LRB- not necessary -RRB- that I had to use leveraged wrenches to remove them . After completely assembling the seat and the base , I inserted the post into the rolling base and the seat on the post . I so looked forward to sitting on it , but when I did , I found myself wobbling so excessively , that I was afraid of tipping over backward , and I could not , even with expert assistance , find a fix for it . I weighed my $ 68.00 refund against COMPLETELY disassembling the thing , and COMPLETELY repackaging it , and sending it back to Amazon , and decided to try to get used to sitting on the wobbly stool . Seeing all the positive reviews on the item I ca n't imagine I got the only defectively manufactured one from ADT , but I 'm not enjoying it . Biggest problem is I would have to pay four or times as much to buy a similar one from a higher quality manufacturer . This the only product I 've regretted buying thru Amazon . ***** I found a fix for the problem . Turn the stool upside down , put a claw hammer across bottom of shaft receiving the post , to even percussion , and use a reasonably heavy hammer , not a sledge . Hammering the middle of the claw will drive the post into the shaft , thereby , eliminating the wobble . This is not in instructions .
 Basically a throw away tool , I should have bought one from the $ 1 store and saved money and time , I would n't buy it again .
 For seat covers costing more than your local Auto store `` one size fits all '' kind , these Saddleman Windsor seat covers are n't much better . They cover up rear seat pockets and encase both storage consoles of the front seat `` middle '' seat of Doge Ram Quad Cabs . Their on-line questionaire ignores your answers that the console has storage in both the top and the bottom of the seat-console . Therefore , they are not `` Custom '' at all .
 I purchased this item to replace an arm for my Chrysler . First of all , it did not exert enough force on the windshield to work well . Then , it only lasted one year , and broke . Wen to O'Reilly 's today and got a new one . It fit much better .
 This was a gift for my husband . The merchandise was not even made of wood . It was made of pressed wood shavings , so when he laid on it the first time , the wheels came right thru the bed of the creeper . Cheaply made materials . Would not recommend .
 I received this creeper yesterday via UPS . The box was severly damaged as was the creeper . One caster was missing , one caster was loose in the box and the other two were not tightened down . A piece of one corner was broken off and not in the box and one of the railings had come off of the creeper bed which had been stapled and glued . I returned the creeper to Amazon today for a refund . This is not a well made creeper and certainly not worth the $ 33 I paid for it . The creeper bed is made out of chip core and the casters did not look like they would stand up to even the occasional use I would have given it.Terry 6/24/09 Wisconsin
 Claim to fit a 97 Accord EX sedan but be careful it does n't . To late to return for me which is totally my fault .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 It would not work in the vehicle I purchased it for.Instruction are very weak and poorly written . The instructions assume the user can read between the lines and understand the process if additional parts are needed.The instruction should have been acceptance tested .
 The replacement head was very easy to install , but the mirror itself does n't provide anywhere near the same angle of view as the old one . It is going to take a lot of adjustment ... until I find a better replacement . Also , it 's made of plastic , not metal .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 Valley 52040 Plug Protector apparrently is a trailer mount plug in type protector . it is not the rubber boot/dust cap that 's in the photo . if you buy this , you will be either mounting it on your trailer with some screws or sending it back to the guy with who put the wrong photo in the description .
 The people who sold this item are great , it arrived quickly and was packaged very well . I could n't ask for better customer service . The bracket itself is an unbelievable pile of junk . I did n't think so many things could be dysfunctional with such a small and simple bracket . All the other reviews are correct , the mounting nut is too high , the bracket wo n't fit over the lip of the hitch receiver tube . The nut was soldered into place misaligned so the bolt just threads into the side of the bracket and would n't lock anything into place even if I could get it over the receiver tube lip . It 's such an inexpensive item , it 's not worth returning for a replacement or refund -LRB- not that a replacement would do any good -RRB- . I do n't have the time to stand in line for 50 minutes at the post office or the UPS store over a $ 20 part and I do n't have time to figure out who to e-mail about the problem . Lesson learned , go another direction .
 Virtually useless device . Minimally needs bolt w/locking nut on side of bracket as well as the top to restrict movement laterally as well as vertically . As designed it just wobbles around and scratches the top of the receiver ... Simple , thin shims work better !
 The advertisement for autopartsway , powerflow mudflaps is false and misleading . It says these are specifically for a 2005 Toyota 4-Runner and universal fit . THEY ARE NOT and do not fit this model of vehicle . The autopartsway company said Amazon should have changed the advertisement to ` Semi-universal ' , but was n't their fault and also sent me a nasty email . Because of this FALSE advertisement , I paid $ 26.00 for this junk and only received $ 4.85 refund !!!! RIP OFF !! If you order something from amazon , you pay for it to be shipped , you receive it and it is NOT what was advertised , that is not the fault of the consumer and I should have received a FULL refund .
 This product is a major disappointment . The top of the battery box cracked during installation . The battery would not even light a 12 volt tail light bulb after being charged . The battery had to be replaced . The kit did not include the `` Deluxe Charger '' as advertised . On the positive side , the breakaway switch works .
 I bought this after amazon did their `` vehicle check '' it came up that it fits . . i received it , went to put it in and it did not fit . . then went to ATP 's website and this was not the product that fits . . not happy with the purchase
 The delivery was quick and it looks like a very well built hitch , unfortunately , the tongue that holds the ball was missing . I informed AutopartsWay about the missing piece and they wanted me to ship the whole thing back for an exchange . That 's most ridiculous thing I ever heard of . I already mounted it on the vehicle , figuring that AutopartsWay would send me the missing piece . I told them this and they said they would try to work with the company to get them to send the missing piece . Apparently , they buy the hitch from someone else . Meanwhile they sent me an RMA number that I 'm not going to use . I 'm not going to remove the hitch from the car just to do this.One other issue , the directions were not that accurate and one of the plates for mounting was missing a couple of holes that are supposed to be pre-drilled . I drilled them out on my drill press .
 When installing this cap I bought the cap and the new gasket . I thought the new cap would be a better fit but I was wrong . When I put the new cap on and tried to screw it down one of the tabs broke off on the inside . I think this is because the plastic this cap is made of is brittle and junk . I ended up putting the new gasket in my old cap and it worked great.On a side note . Amazon was super fast and very helpful with my refund . Dorman -1 Amazon +10
 this dorman not fit becous thont haave the the insade plastic oil is lik only that no pay to mach
 It worked with ALOT of elbow grease . After which I discovered deep scratches even though I used a soft cloth .
 MISSING PARTS . SAMPLE PICTURE , NOT THE ACTUAL PART . NOW I HAVE TO WAIT WITH THE CAR DOWN FOR ANOTHER PART .
 granted , i have n't experienced summer everywhere so i ca n't say that this does n't smell like summer anywhere ... i just have n't been to a place that smelled like fruity bubble gum . not my first choice for an air freshener . scent is okay , but yeh , not what i expected .
 This product was the cheapest pump I could find to replace a broken one in my 2000 Mustang GT . It works fine and has a part number in common with comparable parts on the speed store sites . I did n't need any other parts to do the removal and re-install . The product is as pictured , just the bare pump inside the box.Edit , it died on me after about 11 months , contacting manufacturer now to see if there 's any warranty . I paid for a tow and a replacement.Manufacturer never got back to me . Funny , I contacted them when I first purchased it asking if I could ship them my core and they replied . Changed my rating to 1-star . Spend more money and do n't get stranded .
 Had one before with black handle . Awesome . Bought 4 more . S *** ers ! Will not stop dropping red fluff . Heap of crap .
 I recently purchased this tote . I had my first chance to use it while staying at a Texas state park over spring break . Transferring the waste water to the tote was easy enough . Once it was filled up I stowed and locked the fill tube and capped it off . I lifted the front to wheel the tote down to the transfer station and headed out.Almost immediately the fill tube popped loose and fell to the ground . The impact caused the cap to pop off and , you guessed it , waste water came gushing out all over the pavement . Not nice.After a few choice words I regained my senses and , after cleaning up the mess , I fashioned a rope to secure the fill tube in place . Once again I headed out to the dump station . After about 200 yards the wheel broke off ! This was the first time I used the thing and the wheel broke ! I could n't believe it . I had to get help to lift the now broken `` tote '' into the back of my truck to get it to the dump station.As if a faulty tube lock AND a broken wheel was n't bad enough the tote does n't drain effectively either . I had to repeatedly raise and lower the tank to get it to completely drain.This is one of the worst products I have used in a long time . Completely useless!After reading the reviews of other RVers I will be trying out the blue Barker Manufacturing totes that everyone seems to use . These get great reviews so I expect good things . I should have been more careful before I bought this thing !
 It 's too big , too stiff and impossible to use on wheels with any grooves or spaces .
 these stands failed me while doing brake job on f-350 100k in medical bills the legs of both stands buckled while supporting the back of vehicle
 worked for about 5 minutes then stopped working as advertized , always on even with no switch signal . installed a kill switch instead .
 I 've bought 2 of these clubs in the last several years when they were on sale . I still do n't understand how it stops someone from driving , but for $ 30 it gives me a little peace of mind . I would not pay more . The first one failed after 3 years . One day the lock mechanism just broke . The second one has worked fine for about 4 years now , cross my fingers.But the warranty and their `` guarantee '' are a joke.Their product warranty is only 90 days , that does n't speak highly of the quality.Their `` guarantee '' is
 This is stupid , it does n't matter how damage proof this device is , it is only as strong as the steering wheel itself , which I 'm sure anyone can hacksaw through in less than a minute . Just a tax on people who do n't have half a brain .
 My car was stolen with the Club deployed . There was no evidence that it was the Club was dismanteled in anyway . The stering wheel was intact . The police had no explanation . Theories - master key being circulated , defective product , aliens ? My insurance company told me that they are a waist of money . I will never buy this product again .
 The book is ok for basic stuff , way to brief , caused by trying to cram too many different models into one issue.Parts of the manual miss complete steps and gloss over areas not on the specific vehicle they might of had at the time.As a starting point , the manual is ok , but I had to use the Internet to fill in the gaps . $ 10-20 is all it 's worth .
 Unless there is something I am doing wrong , these WILL NOT work with Swiffer Wet Jet . I was very excited to try these only to get them and be very disappointed . I was hoping to use these on my Wet Jet but there is no way to attached the cloths to is . So I got a bucket and cleaned my floor by hand with the cloths and the kept rolling in on themselves and sticking to the floor . Would not recommend these at all !!!
 I bought these for the Evolution Mint since it does not come with enough cleaning cloths . They fit , but it was a mistake . When dry , the cloths do not pick up much stuff . When wet , the Mint can not push them around as they generate too much friction.So if you buy the Mint , do n't buy these . If you are hand mopping they will probably work fine . They seem to be well made .
 This works well for dry mopping , but useless for wet mopping because it clings to the floor and ca n't be moved around .
 The red flashers on this thing work well but it is incredibly dim . My regular cheap-o flashlights are many , many times brigher than this . I 'd be surprised if you could see four feet in front of you in the dark , and the spot of light is quite small . I would only use the red flashers on this thing ; I 'll have to buy another regular flashlight for the car to go along with this piece of crap .
 used the velcro to mount in the bathroom . It ran for 2 months , then ran slow , then it stopped . Not worth the $ 10.00 price .
 Sorry but this clock will not keep the correct time . It completely stops running for no reason . Glad it works for most of you . I must have a lemon .
 I wanted to hang this in my locker at work . The double stick tape that came with it was poor -LRB- it fell off the first day -RRB- and if you do hang it some other way , you ca n't get to the back to access the buttons . It 's also too hard to program . Should have bought something else .
 Made to stick to your dashboard or stick to something else . Does not stay illuminated and not worth more than $ 3 .
 This product is 2.5 inches long . I was expecting a large readout clock . Extremely disappointed with the false advertising . This is exactly the type of experience which makes me not want to purchase products online . I could have purchased a similar product at the dollar store .
 If you are looking for a product with some level of quality , do n't even remotely consider this item . In fact , just take your money and go into your bathroom and flush it down the toilet . The end result is the same and you get instant gratification . The worst product I have ever purchased on Amazon .
 This clock is lit , so you can read it at night . It 's a nice design . But as far as being a good clock for your car , it kinda sucks . I had to reset it every couple of months because it consistently ran slow , even after changing to a fresh battery . Also , it simply will not stay put . Take a sharp curve , hit a speed bump , slam the door , and the thing flies off it 's flimsy little slide and falls on the floor . Normally I 'd tape it down , but that was n't feasible because I kept having to go in and reset the time . All in all , cheap product , could be a lot better .
 Purchased this clock because it was basic and had a backlight . Backlight works that 's a yeah . Numbers show but time does n't advance . That 's a nay ... . To say the least it 's junk . Overpriced for what you get . Try and find something else from wal-mart ... Purchased in December started using in January and failure in March ...
 I wanted a battery-operated clock that I could easily read in the dark . I was attracted to the large numbers and the backlight of this clock.The large numbers are great - if you 're looking at the clock pretty much head-on . Contrary to what other reviewers have said , I can not read these large numbers even at 15 degrees off center.The backlight looks great in the photo - but in a darkened room it is glaring - VERY bright . You absolutely MUST view it head-on when lighted -LRB- the slightest angle will completely wash out the digits -RRB- , but the brightness of the light makes it uncomfortable to look at . And when lighted , the numbers are a pale blue -LRB- not the high-contrast black numbers pictured on the product page -RRB- . You activate the backlight by pressing either of the buttons on the right side of the clock - but the light it comes on for such a brief period that your eyes do n't have time to adjust to the glaring light . I have to press the buttons two or three times to be able to glimpse the time.Very disappointed .
 The only way you can see what time this clock displays , is if you look straight ahead at it . If you move the clock up or down , or left or right , the display ` disappears ' . Even if you light the background . I 'm sure this is because of the lcd display design . Good luck with this clock ...
 The clock looks great and is large enough to see from everywhere in the vehicle . However , when the battery is inserted it makes a high pitched faint squeal , and is intolerable while driving .
 This picture of the clock is misleading . The back illumination is not on all the time . Only lit briefly and in a normal mode it is too dark to read 6 feet away.I gave it a one star for the size . Save your money .
 This clock is advertised as a large clock . The size was very small . The size can be found by looking at dimensions but should not be named `` Large '' . Also , lighting does not stay on as it seems in the picture . The backlight only turns on when the button is held down .
 It worked for the first few weeks , then the time started falling behind . Then the backlight stopped working . I tried 2 new batteries , made no difference.I wanted to return it , but the Amazon return window has expired . From 12/28/11 to 2/3/12 , just a little over a month . So the thing is useless.I suggest getting a different clock .
 This is a very nice looking little clock . However , after going through the setup procedure several times and expecting it to start telling time the time does not advance . It does not get off the time you set it to . I tried another battery in addition to the one that came with it but no success there either . I 'm sure this is just a lemon . That 's a shame .
 False advertising -- should have listened to the other reviewers . The clock I was sent does NOT have any background lighting . If you press any of the buttons , you do n't get a light either , you just end up resetting the date and time . Very disappointed . I could have saved two bucks by buying a similar clock without lighting , since that 's what I got -- NO LIGHT WHATSOEVER , automatically or manually .
 The clock was about 1/4 the size that I thought I was getting.The blue background shows only if you push a button , so it does not read at night , which is what I bought it for . All in all , not happy with the clock.Barbara E. Helm
 As other reviewers have mentioned , this is a very good clock in some ways and useless in others . The main problem is the face of the clock is unreadable at almost any angle other than straight on . If the clock is mounted lower than your eye level - which it most likely will be -- you ca n't read the time . This seems to be a function of the way digital clock faces work . So , it 's very effective in telling time , but you ca n't see what time it is . Not very useful.There 's a second problem , too . When you want to read the time in the dark , and that was the only reason I bought this clock , you ca n't unless it tap the right side button on the clock . Of course , it 's dark so you ca n't even see the clock , let alone find the button ... so you fumble around until you knock the clock off whatever you 've mounted it to . Again , not a good idea.So , I 'd pass on this clock if you -LRB- a -RRB- want to mount it anywhere other than directly at eye level or -LRB- b -RRB- want a clock you can read at night . I 'd return it , but return shipping costs make it uneconomical to do that . Too bad .
 The description for this clock is Large Lighted Readout clock . However that is not the case . The clock is so small and you can barely read the time . The light only stays on for 5 seconds with the push of a button . I would not recommend this product .
 Purchased this item last summer . Unfortunately it does n't keep accurate time . Loses 4-5 minutes every couple of months . Very disappointed ...
 Disappointed in this product . I thought that it would add some comfort . It really does n't do much - not alot of padding on this cushion . I would n't even call it a cushion . it is more like a thin pad . If you are looking for cushion I would n't buy it . If you are looking to keep dry and that is all , it does provide barrier for any water that ends up on the seat , but that is about the only good point . Really disappointed ...
 I bought this pad because the indoor rowing seat was causing severe chaffing and thought it was a good buy . Unfortunately I could not find a rowing seat gel pad at that time but I see it is now available and have bought it.The Skwoosh Kayak seat pad is very uncomfortable because there are air bubbles inside the pad which move about when you are sitting on it and this is very distracting ! It was not cheap and I do not recommend buying it!Recently I bought the Skwoosh rowing seat pad and will be reviewing it shortly ...
 this item is very misleading i put in i needed the power steering hose and thats what came up i was all excited thinking i had saved money until it arrived and come to find out that its only about a 4 inch metal tube not what i needed . I looked at the invoice and it clearly states that its the power steering hose for my car come to find out it is for thew low side not the high pressure and the rubber hose hooks to that . Very misleading and have worked on cars all my life and I would call that a tube and no way shape or form call it a hose so instead of messing around with shipping back and fighting with the seller i am just eating the price and will never buy from them again and recommend others do the same .
 Not happy with the purchase . IMO , the quality is not good . They are too thin , and look sort of empty -LRB- I guess I ca n't find a better way to put it -RRB- They look worn out after a few uses .
 I bought this product because my car locks have a tendency to freeze in the wintertime , whenever there is a thaw and then a freeze soon afterward ; my only alternative is leaving my car door unlocked . I got this product , and one morning when my locks were frozen , I tried it out . You put the narrow nozzle a little ways into the keyhole and it shoots fluid directly into the lock mechanism . Nifty , except that after applying , trying the lock , applying again , trying the lock , waiting , trying the lock , trying my other car door ... . it still did n't work . Was still late to work and still had to leave my car unlocked . The second time I tried it , the same thing happened , only after 15 minutes or so one of the locks did finally pop open . So , it did work eventually , once , but I do n't feel confident that I could get it to work again . So I 'm still leaving my car unlocked . It could be that my car is older and that this would make my locks in particular harder to unfreeze , but if so , then they need to say so on the product information , because when I buy something that 's supposed to de-ice car locks , I expect it to do its job . I gave it 2 stars because it did work once , and having it work once is , I suppose , better than not having it work at all ; however , as I said , I do not rely on it to work again , so if I absolutely have to get into my car , I still do n't lock my door .
 I bought two cans of this product , and after 2-4 sprays per can . there was no pressure left in the can , although you can hear liquid when you shake it . My locks were still frozen , so I got a cup of boiling water and poured it over the outside of the lock and it worked like a charm . Save your money , use boiling water .
 I actually bought this lock de-icer at a gas station . I have an '06 Focus and the door locks tend to freeze in the winter . I bought a bottle of this de-icer to carry with me in case I ca n't get in my car . Last night we had an ice storm and all my door locks were frozen . I attempted to use this de-icer and there was no pressure , so it would n't spray . You could hear the liquid , but it does n't spray . I ended up being late for work after I tried to figure out another way to de-ice the locks . Luckily I was n't stranded somewhere . Stay away from this product .
 I purchased the two pack -LRB- V500-2 -RRB- and within a week , tried both spray cans , BOTH did not spray . I read all info and tried again . No spray . I did hear liquid when shook.Junk product , waste of money !
 1 . They say it 's 5 '' wide . Wrong . It 's 21/2 '' x 11/4 `` 2 . They say it 's lighted . Wrong . It 's not .3 . Big numbers are easy to read but the clock is not lit and it is extremely difficult to set the time on it .
 This clock was supposed to be 5 x 4 x 1 inch-it 's about 21/2 '' by 1 '' by 3/4 '' . I bought it for my car but it 's not large enough !
 Ordered this clock for a bathroom cabinet so I could get a quick read on the time . This clock loses about 1 min a week , and the battery cover does n't stay put . I do not recommend this clock .
 Had to return the clock . Would not keep time . Within an hour , it was off by over 20 minutes .
 states the clock is 5 '' x 4 '' x 1 '' ... it is n't . it is only 2.5 '' x 1 '' x .5 '' ... for $ 8.00 ??!! I DO N'T THINK SO ! it is a piece of cheap chinese garbage .
 It 's hard to review a product when it does n't even turn on . I put the battery in and yes , I put it in positive side facing out . And wait for it ... . NOTHING ! What a bummer .
 The size of this clock is perfect ... but it will not keep time well . I have owned it for a few months now and keep having to reset the time . Not worth the hassle . Off by over 5 min . per month . Bummer .
 I have no idea whether this clock works because I ca n't figure out how to set it . It came with instructions but they were of no practical use . Others said that it does n't keep accurate time . I would n't know .
 Overall it appeared to be well made and quality manufacturing , however it did n't fit my Xterra correctly , was the correct part # , but was about 1/4 '' wider than the bumper piece it is suppose to bolt too . With the amount of steel and reinforcement frame rails have there was nothing I could do . Called Curt MFG and they stated it was within specifications and essentially I was out of luck . Purchased a used OEM Nissan hitch online the next week and fits perfectly .
 I bolt this thinking it would just be a 30 min bolt on affair , wrong . The fitment was horrible , way too tight , had to beat the hitch and the frame to finally get this to fit , by that time the finish was ruined . It took 2 + hrs and 2 guys beating the hell out of it to finally get it between the frame rails . I am the Original owner of the car , It has never been in an accident of any sort.I 'm not sure if this is a common problem with quality assurance at the factory , but I would hope this incident is the exception and not the rule.Would not buy again , nor recommend to a friend
 I have an older Campbell that seems to work much better . This one eliminates a lot of air and my 20 Gal compressor has a hard time keeping up with extended use . The power rating may be off , because I find that I still have a long way to go to tighten lugs to spec even using this at full pressure .
 Impact wrench arrived on time as expected . I noticed the impact wrench package was all taped up and showed damage . When I cut the tape off , I noticed the impact wrench had been previously used , still dirty even , and was placed back in the plastic tray which was also cut open with a pair of scissors . I tested it , it works ... guess the price was too good to be true for new ... buyer beware .
 I was expecting this to really work , it does for short extended rides , but after being on a ride for over and hourit really did not improve the soreness I normally experienced on these types of rides . I also tried another productcalled the Booty Seat and that too did not help . These products may work for others but it did not work for me.My husband ultimately had to purchase a Mustang seat for the motorcycle and that did the trick . I did returnthis item and experienced no problems doing so and my account was credited as soon as they received theirproduct back , no hassles at all with the seller they were very understanding .
 I never could make it work . I just threw it in the trash can . The tubes of grease that came with the gun was good . This was a lot of money spent for tubes of grease !
 The hand cleaner dispenser is claimed to be compatible with many hand cleaner containers . But , almost all products from Permatex -LRB- including DL -RRB- come in containers that have no special attachment for the dispenser . So , you take off the top , flip the plastic tub of cleaner upside down , and poke a vent hole in the bottom -LRB- which is now on top -RRB- . The tub just rests on the dispenser , which means that it 's easily knocked off . Permatex claims that it does n't leak , even though the vented , open-on-the-bottom tub is just sitting on the dispenser . Permatex does say that their 1-gallon tubs of cleaner have threads that actually screw on to the dispener . But , the only such thing I 've found is Devcon Fast Orange in the Flat-Top Gallon container -LRB- 23104 -RRB- . List price seems to be $ 40 - $ 50 , and almost nobody carries it .
 According to the lables of both the Permatex DL handcleaner and the Permatex Universal dispenser they are both compatible fits . The reality is they do not . The cleaner fits inside of the retainer ring which is clearly made for a much larger container . When upside down and in place the cleaner is held on by gravity alone , easily knocked off . How they can claim that the 2 items are made for each other is beyond frustrating . Permatex does not seem to even create a product that fits their `` universal '' dispenser , nor does anyone else . I took it back off the wall immediatly and returned it for another brand . How very odd that this product design ever made it into fabrication . Gojo makes a dispenser that allows cleaners to be `` snapped '' into place , and you can tell that they are not going to fall off . This product is not even close . Shameful indeed .
 I bought one of these thinking it would be good for dispensing the cream hand cleaner . Like the other review said , with the 4.5 lb container -LRB- standard -RRB- the tub just basically sits on top of it . It appears there is a provision for retaining a larger container , but I have yet to find one.With aggressive pumping of the dispenser , the container can just fall off to the side due to no real provision to attach it to the dispenser.I am buying a GoJo dispenser because it got good review and appears it was designed for the 4.5 lb container .
 Purchased with Dorman control arm to repair 2002 Civic Si . I purchased this ball joint because it supposedly fits this specific model.Installation went fine until it was time to reassemble . The first problem is the right angle grease fitting interfered with the drive shaft ABS ring preventing the shaft from entering the hub . After removing the right angle fitting , I found I needed a thick washer to properly tighten the castle nut .
 Product was received damaged due to inappropriate packaging . Box was priviously opened and packing material was not put back in the box . Box was retaped poorly . Product dented and scratched
 I was n't looking for a full on DOT serious helmet -LRB- I have 3 of those -RRB- but I wanted a spare for the girlfriend to do the bar hop around town and I thought the price was right . What a pile of junk . Super bubble head , uncomfortable interior material , and not even shaped for a normal head ! I 've had a ton of helmets over the years and they all seem to fit my head pretty well - guess I can assume I have a pretty standard skull - and this one appears to be made for odd shaped craniums or neanderthal man . Just not right . Do n't waste your time and money on this piece of junk . I returned it immediately .
 I used the jack 1 time to change my battery , it worked perfectly . I tried to use it to take my battery out in the winter and the whole hydraulics system was no longer working . I just barely threw it in the dumpster after trying one more time to jack my bike up . After carefully reviewing the instructions and disassembling and reassembling parts of it , it eventually broke in 3 places so i checked it . I would not buy a black widow piece of crap ever again .
 This bag was not what I expected . We own a Harley Davidson Road King and this bag will not mount on the windshield . The description makes you believe that it will mount to any bike , but it does n't fit ours . It 's too stiff and does n't match up .
 The item itself is made from man-made materials , very cheaply made in Pakistan . Quality of workmanship is poor , of materials is OK . It does not close easily . I have mounted it on my windshield and it 's slight curve distorts the rectagular bag so that lowering the flap is difficult with one hand , it takes the second to lift the body of the bag to make the flap to easily go over the `` close button '' . The `` close button '' does come undone during brief rides -LRB- under 30 minutes -RRB- on LA freeways . I recommend it if you are looking for something cheap . The bolt that comes with the bag is about 3 inches in length , I had to saw off 1.5 inches to make it look OK .
 These are made in China . They are out of balance and out of round . So be careful what you buy . Try to buy drums and rotors that are made in Canada or Mexico this is the second time this has happened the first time was about 18 years ago I thought buy now that they would be using better steel in them boy was I wrong it will never happen again . Sure wish they were still being made in the USA but those days are long gone . Word of advise if you have these turned they will be back the same way in a couple weeks so do n't waste your time or money .
 I tried to seal parts that would only leak . . Do yourself a BIG FAVOR AND TRY HYLOMAR BLUE , , , , , , it is the best sealer for gaskets , covers , etc. .
 Christmas will be a little late for my husband , as the running board I ordered for his truck , although it arrived on time . . did NOT have the mounting brackets included . Now I 'm having a real problem trying to find some place to just purchase the mounting brackets ... I may have to send the running boards back , wait for a refund , to go else where to purchase the complete kit ! Very frustrating
 I replaced my Aqua Magic IV with an Aqua Magic V to get the higher profile . After 2 months , the water module quit passing fresh flush water as if it was not opening . My first call to Thetford resulted in them telling me my fresh water had debris in it causing the blockage . I use fresh filtered water in my fresh water tank , so that is not the case . On my second call to them , the CS rep tried to tell me my drain to the black water tank was blocked . She obviously had never seen an RV toilet in action . On my third call , the CS rep immediately told me the part # I needed and sent one on its way . I replaced the module -LRB- very simple procedure - 1 screw -RRB- and hooked everything back up . First try , a little water trickled out , then it stopped completely . I examined the module I just removed and found it could be cleared but apparently had a misshapen check valve ball that would stop the water flow . Thetford is sending yet another water module with the hopes that `` third time 's a charm '' . I asked if they made heavy duty models & they said they did not , they just were n't as good as the old ones . I have a 3 year warranty , so I guess I 'll be changing modules until they get it right or I get tired of removing the toilet and replace it with one from a manufacturer that knows how to make them . This is very disappointing because I have had Thetford toilets in 3 different RV 's 2 of which I put in and I have been extremely happy with them until the Aqua Magic V crept into my posession .
 Ball sent is not the one pictured . . The one I received does n't have the pin lock.It will work ok but amazon should change picture .
 I bought this cooler for a road trip , as I wanted to store food for my toddler . I had it charging for more than 12 hours prior to our trip at home -LRB- I have also bought a power adaptor for home -RRB- and it was not cold at all . Eventually , I placed a few things in there and I also put a small bottle of frozen water so as to keep everything cool and that is how it worked . At the end of our trip the ice was melted !! I wish a had bought a regular cooler than this useless product . Also bear in mind that is really small so it 's not worth the money .
 great little cooler !! It worked great for about 3 days on a road trip till the fan started making noise and the cigaret adapter melted . the fuse never blew . I only gave it 2 for this reason . If the company would use a better quality parts then it would be a great cooler . we liked the part about being portable just put it on your shoulder and go . Amazon did give us a refund that was also nice .
 Purchased this warmer/cooler for someone who lives in his pickup truck . It worked great for about a month and then stopped working entirely . A total waste of $ 50 .
 The wiper is fine . Just like the original . Only problem was that the little cap that covers the mounting nut was broken .
 The 2-way tire chuck on this unit appears identical to the one shipped with the Coleman InflationMate compressor that I have . It wo n't last - I use the compressor to keep the tires up to proper pressure on my two cars , and the chuck became useless in approximately 100-odd uses due to deterioration of the rubber seal in the head . Get a good tire chuck and a good tire gauge , and you will be better off .
 This is the worst product I have ever purchased from Amazon . The gauge is not accurate and I had to modify the tool to make it fit the tire valves which is why I did n't return it . Luckily it was not a very expensive item .
 This item does not fit a 1983 Escort wagon as claimed . The arm is several inches too long and hole at the base for the shaft is much too large . It looks like it may fit late 80 's -LRB- 86-90 -RRB- hatchbacks , but highly unlikely it fits anything earlier .
 i was hoping that it can reduce dust in the car . . but it is making more ... and it does not fit well .
 They accept the payment , but never sent the Item.Now I have to cancel after three weeks of waiting.unbelievable but true , do not send e-mail to keep you informed .
 I ordered 12 boxes , for 120 studs . I received 113 studs , packaged in various qty 's in plastic zip lock baggies - NOT BOXES . I buy these often and should be in a Dorman box . Most of them did n't even look like Dorman items , but appear to be physically the same . 2 of the studs were used , previously installed . 1 was incorrect . Leaving me short 1 complete box.No problem , this should be easy to fix.With any other company maybe , not Amazon ! They wanted me to pay for a second replacement order . No , I just need 1 box . No , we ca n't just send 1 box we have to replace the entire order.So now I 'm returned those 3 bad studs for a refund on that one box .
 I bought this because my blower fan went out and I needed some source of heat in my car until I could get it repaired . This unit has a heating element that is very small yet it still manages to frequently blow fuses . Well I found out why . A tag on the cord says `` Do not plug it into the vehicle cigarette lighter . '' Well , where else is it supposed to be plugged into with its ` cigarette lighter looking ' plug ? I have a socket in the cargo area of my Passat but then how can the heater warm me in the front seat and defrost my windshield ? I am returning it after 3 blown fuses . My curling iron throws off more heat than this ... I wonder if I can plug THAT in to my vehicle cigarette lighter ...
 I gave this product 2 stars because it is fine for blowing up sports equiptment like basketballs , footballs , etc. . However for tires , swimming pools , etc the airflow is just two small . For instance , to blow up a small childs plastic swimming pool takes at least 10 minutes . As you notice , nowhere can you find the airflow amount on this compressor . My advice is to pay more and buy a better product . I wish I had . The positives are , it 's cheap ... and it 's small , so you can keep it stored in your car for emergencies . Oh , almost forgot , the power cord has a label stating that it contains lead . Now that part would n't bother me since alot of products have warning labels , but then it says to wash hands after use ? Now that part scares me a little .
 This is a well built product , as is everything from Reese , which is why I gave it two stars . Otherwise it gets zero . The receiver was almost impossible to install on my 2004 Explorer . It was like the receiver was about 1/32 '' too narrow , and it would n't go over the old hitch like it should . We had to use a jack to get it into place , then try to wrestle it in place with an alignment tool to get the holes to line up . We finally got a couple of bolts started and were able to force it into place . More jacking to be able to get the bolts screwed in , and we finally got five of the six side bolts installed . The sixth never went in , and I ended up taking it to my local auto repair shop . All of this under the supervision of my father who is a retired mechanic.I installed a Reese receiver on my '97 Explorer that went perfectly , but it was a different construction with two side plates to hold the receiver to the frame . This one is one piece with no way to adjust anything on it . In retrospect I would n't even try this one again.Beware if you are doing a self install .
 I ordered the Dashmat under the premise that it was an easy install , being mechanically retarded this appealed to me ... lol ... I 'm sure it would have been easier had the velcro that came with it actually stuck to the dash . I did what the instructions said , clean the dash thoroughly with a mild solution , NO Armoral , my dash had n't seen Armoral in 10 years in fact . So after fighting , sweating , and swearing over the non-sticky velcro I found myself at the auto store looking for industrial strength velcro . After about 2 hours I had it installed .
 Ordered this part for my 93 Camry after pulling Mass Air Flow fault code . Installed on vehicle and vehicle would not start and check eng light came back on , after having been cleared . Tried to start vehicle again and it was a go ... but ... . after driving several blocks , eng died and would not restart . Remanufactured part from Python was no better that my old defective one . Guess I 'll have to find my best price on a New OE part . All I can say about Python reman is '' Good Luck '' using them , it 's a crap shoot as to whether it 'll work and if it does , how long will it last .
 it 's a nice looking helmet , and aside from the chinstrap , it fits well too . i read a review before I bought the helmet , and I agree w / that review . the chin strap is in the wrong place , so it 's more of a choker , than anything else . additionally , at highway speeds , chinstrap will loosen up , and the helmet will try to slide off ; trying to readjust the chinstrap is near impossible . then the quick release on the chinstrap is unreliable ; it holds securely when riding , you do n't have to worry about that , but when you try to remove the helmet , maybe the quick release will release , maybe it wo n't . in the end , the only problem with the helmet is the chinstrap , but there are 3 problems that i 've had with the chinstrap , and unless the manufacturer can correct those deficiencies , your money is better spent on a different product.mike
 I happened on a video on You Tube that demonstrated the manual tire changer available from Harbor Freight.I was impressed by the easy operation of the manual tire changer , having always seen the power types in auto repair garages.Having been disappointed in the past with tools made in China I decided to go with a American company -LRB- Ranger -RRB- . Their web site stated the RWS-3TC manual tire changer weighed 51 lbs compared to the 36 lb version available from Harbor Freight.The cost for the Ranger model of $ 104 is also triple the cost of the one available from Harbor Freight which costs $ 35 so I figured I would go for the more quality tool.After placing the order , the shipping info sent from the Amazon seller stated a shipping weight of only 32 lbs.I contacted the Ranger company which confirmed the weight to be only 32 lbs not the 51 lbs stated on their web site . I questioned the discrepancy but they did not respond to my emails.After receiving the tire changer it became clear that the Ranger RWS-3TC manual tire changer is the exact identical same tire changer that Harbor Freight sells for $ 35 . The Ranger company just sticks a label with their name on it and charges triple the money for it.Having bought it under the original assumption that I was purchasing a heavier more quality tool , I am now very disappointed that this is not the case.It also makes me question any other product that Ranger might sell is just a low grade , China produced import that could be bought through any discount tool seller for a fraction of the cost .
 well look at the pic i see three separate wires ... i received one thinking that this was a complete set for my truck maybe the picture should be one wire . . so now i have to buy the rest of the parts only recv .1 the wire on left
 I never received the actual fuses . They broke my order into two orders . I received the fuse holder -LRB- order # 1 -RRB- but not the 2 fuses -LRB- order # 2 -RRB- I ordered . I would n't use these people again !
 Does not fit on the 2002 - 2006 Honda CRV like it says it would in the description . And when returned , they took off a 20 % restocking fee even though it was their false description .
 the roof rack ofered for this seller does n't match the product delivered , it was oferet a specific type of roof rack for a manufactor / model / and year , and seller sent a generic model , I did send it back few week ago and still do n't get my payment refund.Thanks Ariel Sarmiento305-796-8788
 fuel washes the paint off of it , did n't even pump 200 gallons of fuel and it was leaking fuel , sucking air , and the paint is coming off .
 I received my shipment promptly , however , all of the necessary hardware was missing , which I purchased locally.Overall , the carrier serves its intended purpose , but the tray is two - peice and very flimsy , in fact , mine came cracked , and the mounting bracket is quite low quality.Okay , if you 're not looking for a very high quality unit .
 Do n't expect to get the 10 pieces that 's indicated in the product description , you 'll only get one freeze plug . I contacted amazon about this when I received my order and they sent me a replacement order , again only one piece . I also had to send back the original order or I would be charged for it . It would be nice if we could deal with customer service that 's located in this country and we could work with to solve the problems we encounter on our purchases .
 This brand used to be the best for car mats and I owned a set of these so-called premium mats for each of my vehicles . However , they now only last for a couple of months and holes wear completely through the mats . I e-mailed Kraco and asked what happened to the quality of their car mats , but never got a response . I now call these disposable mats and do not recommend .
 If you have a pickup , do n't waste your money on this . The problem is they are too short by several inches to go across the window . I installed in my F150 . You never want to fully extend these across the window because they wo n't fold up automatically . To make matters worse , it is fully extended across my window and is 5 inches too short . I took it out of the window and now I have these stupid black clamps in my window . They are securely glued to the window . Why would they offer 25 inches tall but make them too short for the window .
 Purchased as a Christmas gift for my girlfriend . I installed it in April , 2010 . The product came with mounting brackets with an adhesive backing.By August , the glue pads that adhere the mounting brackets to the windshield had failed . The pads stuck to the windshield properly , but failed where the factory glued them to the mounting brackets . This is a manufacturing defect that should be covered under the 2-year warranty . Without the brackets , the shade is useless . No email response as yet from Vendor or the Manufacturer , Dash Accessories.Think we 'll go back to the Eclipse brand shades . They are at least useable .
 This is a great idea but did not deliver . When it gets warm it does n't fold back up well , it just wads up . I then have to wait for a cooler time to refold it the whole length to make it fit back in the bracket . It is a hassle . It retracts fine when it is cool , but that is counter-intuitive , I need to use it when it is HOT . And since it had permanent adhesive you ca n't just take it out and return it . ** Update I stand by the product review I wrote earlier . The seller did take this as a return and refund even without the mounting that are STILL stuck to my windshield . I give the seller credit for being reasonable about this .
 I ordered these shades specifically by model to fit my Leisure Travel van , I paid quite a bit for them directly from the supplier . They seem to be designed so they slide under the rear view mirror which means they leave a large gap for the sun and heat to get in both on the top and the bottom and the sides completely negating the purpose for which I need them . also they are hard to pull closed leaving me to worry that they may snap open if one of my dogs hearing something happens to bush against it . great idea but extremely poor fit and poor execution .
 I bought this sun shade as a long term investment , but the product I got was far below my expectations . I did not like the fact that the shade did not cover the entire windshield . If I 'm going to pay $ 30 , I wanted something that would cover the whole window . Also the cover material was very thin . I could see through the material if there was light on the other side . I 'm sure this was necessary to make the shade very thin when folded up but I question its thermal conductivity . There are wires that are in tension which allows the shade to fold up automatically . This mechanism also did n't seem too sturdy and all the reviews about having the retracting wires break were understandable.I ended up returning the item so I did n't try sticking it on the windshield.I ended up buying a cheap $ 12 round fold-able windshield shade at the local auto store . This one is also thin and quality is far from sturdy but at least its not $ 30 .
 After reading through all of the comments here , I cautioned my father about the threads breaking and the knob falling off . We live in AZ and it 's almost October here , so the temps are n't as high as they typically are . It kept the inside cooler and looked nice , but it wadded up when we got in the car to go somewhere . We spent quite a bit of time straightening out the pleats while trying to not break the thin nylon string that enables it to fold . We had to actually start the car and turn on the AC because by the time we got it folded back up , the car had become hot . I would n't buy this product again .
 I bought this for my dad as a Christmas gift , which did arrive late . It took forever to ship and get to my house and arrived on the very last day that was estimated for delivery . When I got the hitch out of the box I was disappointed to say the least . The hitch did have the colors of the photo but , it came in a package that looked like the hitch part was n't even attatched to the Ford sign . It looked incredably cheap and I was almost embarrassed to give it to my dad . Since it was so late I had to suck it up and do it anyway . I hope it holds up because my guess is it will only last about a month .
 This is a good news/bad news story . I ordered this item and it was delivered promptly - in 2 days -- albeit without any keys to lock it as well as with a small dent ! I sent an e-mail to Amazon 's customer service department that day and seconds later I requested that they call me . My impression from years ago was that it was difficult to contact Amazon 's customer service department , but they called me within seconds . The quality of the phone connection itself was poor , but the people were very helpful and informed me they would send a replacement . Within the hour they also responded to my e-mail commenting that it appeared as if my matter had been taken care of -LRB- good cross referencing ! -RRB- . The replacement came in two days albeit with a larger dent and missing the installation components and with only one key -- and the key/locking mechanism did n't work.I went on-line and printed out the return paperwork . -LRB- There was a slight glitch in getting the return paperwork for the first item , so I printed that out now , too . -RRB- Both items were picked up the next day.I hemmed and hawed as to whether to order yet another one via Amazon but decided to use another vendor even though the cost was appreciably higher . After I had ordered via another company -LRB- all the same day -RRB- , Amazon contacted me and said they would not be able to send me another replacement - they must have crossed referenced my printing out the return paperwork for the second item -- because obviously they were having trouble with their vendor -LRB- again , I appreciated this -RRB- . Technically , I am waiting to verify my refund from Amazon and also waiting to check the quality of the item delivered from another -LRB- non-Amazon -RRB- vendor.So ... this vender is terrible , but I was very impressed with Amazon 's customer service.Louis J Sheehan
 The Truck Box arrived quickly . However , the box had at least three dents two of the deep enough to cut through the surface paint.Moreover , there was no hardware supplied to mount it on the truck!I was n't given any phone numbers given to call w / my complaint.Ordering was easy , as usual , but the order fulfilment was very non-satisfactory ! Very frustrating!Ravi
 Item was received in a thin , torn cardboard box . Amazon was selected as the vendor -LRB- there are many online for this item -RRB- based on overall cost -LRB- free shipping -RRB- . Item had a bent rear lid and hinge . The welds in the aluminum were cracked or simply not holding two edges together in several places . This item says it was manufactured in Arkansas - not China . Shameful quality . I was going to return it , but shipping was $ 92.06 - which Amazon refunded so I could make repairs myself .
 This item did not come complete . I just bought another one . Very dissatisfied . About half of the stuff was there .
 This Dorman switch was defective . It took me a few months to get around to pulling it back out , and popping an AC Delco in , so I was sol on returning it .
 yea . . i used it for one year and then we traded in our travel trailer . the new camper came with a built-in , slide out bike rack . I use that tray for the bbq however . . anyway , i gave this to our camper friends who just traded in and bought a brand new trailer too . First camping trip out , from Long Island , we traveled to the south Jersey Shore . . Through all the construction on the highways and all the bouncing up and down , with JUST TWO BIKES on the back , it ripped their 4 &#34; square tube bumper right off the trailer . . The bumper was welded and it TORE the tube . . the welds held on . . WHAT a nightmare . Two bikes destroyed !!! . this device is the nightmare everyone claiming it to be truly is . FIND ANOTHER SOLUTION ... This is good for holding a spare tire to the back of the camper but NOT FOR A BIKE RACK that extends a couple of feet out and away off the back of the camper . . i guess we were just lucky our bumper did n't tear off for that one season we had it . We had a Jayco 26BH and upgraded to a Jayco 32BHDS . . nice ...
 Beware - Just because the name says it 's a ` Travel Trailer Bumper Mount ' does n't mean it will fit your Travel Trailer Bumper . There is only a 4 '' -LRB- 3-15/16 '' at the top -RRB- gap between the mounting plates ... if your Travel Trailer Bumper has an aluminum clad cover -LRB- making it 4-1/8 '' to 4-1/4 '' -RRB- , this unit will not fit -LRB- and you will sending it back at your own shipping expense -RRB- .
 I put this in my 2000 Ford Expedition in hopes of curing my TC shudder . It completely cured the problem ... . for about a week . Then the shudder came back as bad as ever . I really wanted it to work , but it just did n't
 I honestly have to say I am disappointed with this item . It is a German style helmet . It is wrapped on leather , but that 's about it . I can not even begin to understand how this company would expect a true biker to wear this thing . I took it out of the box and it looked like I put a painter 's bucket on my head . I know I ordered the right size because the fit is accurate and it definately is not just my opinion as my wife shares my sentiments . The DOT on the back of the helmet also appears like a regular sticker was just slapped on it .
 Well , now I know why it was so cheap , it ships without acid to add to it . No where on the site did it tell me that the acid was not included . I now either need to return it or find a source for the acid . Not cool !
 I did not receive the correct item . i ordered a low frequency and i was sent a high frequency . I had already installed when i realized that the item was wrong .
 This is the second set of these piles of junk that I 've ordered and each ended up doing exactly the same thing
 First air horn arrives ... pay to have air horn installed ... find out that the compressor was defective out of the box . Second air horn arrives ... pay to have it installed AGAIN ... 6 months later the compressor dies.DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP
 I checked and this unit was suppose to fit in my car . Well it took me two hours to find the very well hidden existing horn . Once installed the new unit immediately blew the exisitng 10amp horn fuse . It should be noted that nowhere in the description or the instructions does it tell you how many amps it draws . You should have at least a 20amp line or expect it not to work . I will now have to rewire the circuit to 20 amps to make it work : -LRB-
 It came very quickly from the seller . Well packaged . I installed it per instructions on my 2006 Ford Ranger 4x4 exactly in same place as the old one . because I have a two wire system , the horn adapter was not used . The small trumpet works , the large one does n't . It also blew a 15 AMP fuse upon just pressing the horn button . It definately has some issues . Wolo may be a top maker for this line , but the product seems to be made poorly or at the very least , prone to problems . Would I buy another one from this company . ?? No , I would not . Your best bet is to go to a junkyard and purchase one , you would probably have better luck .
 I got put in jail for 30 days for having this on my bike , it 's illegal in most states . Might be good for kids around the block for anyone who rides in the city , forget it .
 i will be honest.i do n't liked it at all cause sounds alarms are to lowand only one siren like it ! i installed in my toyota highlander and since i heared it i put it back in the box again ! i were expectating something better and louder !
 YES AS I SAID THIS HORN IS SOMEWHAT OK FOR A TOY . THE TRUCK HORN DO N'T EVEN COME CLOSE TO THE REAL TRUCK HORN . IT 'S LOUD IF YOU ARE STANDING BY IT . MIGHT WORK BETTER IF U WOULD BUY A BETTER SPEAKER . THE SWITCH LOOKS CHEEP ALL PLASTIC . YOU WILL NEED MORE WIRE TO HOOK IT UP , I WOULD NOT BUY THIS AGAIN . I WOULD HAVE TO LOOK AT TRYING TO FIND A BETTER ONE MAYBE ONE OFF A REAL POLICE CAR .
 Well ... i laughed when i hooked this up . Sounds nothing like the real deal . Speaker is not loud at all . In all honesty its a waist of $ 30.00 . Im thinkin about sending it back .
 It was not what I &#34; thought &#34; the product should have been . It is too small for me to read at any distance ... anyway , no hassle return .
 Ordered directly from Amazon.com with no shipping or handling problems . Replaced 10 year old air horns that were performing poorly in cold weather . Documentation notes a 20amp fuse should be used , and the horns come with a relay if you do n't have a 20amp horn circuit . You must provide your own wire . Actual amperage is about 8-9amps , but according to Wolo this has the potential to double to 16-18amps , hence the 20amp fuse suggestion . Wolo also indicated that if the horns are connected to the car alarm , the motor could burn out prematurely due to the short bursts . Do not recommend this air horn to people inexperienced with their car 's electrical wiring or air horns.Horns failed from 9-12 months of use , and are warranted for only 3 months . Recommend contacting Wolo directly if still interested and asking why no better warranty .
 This item is certainly over rated . It has a very tinny sound and is definitely not louder than the original equipment horns . I can not recommend that anyone else should buy this item .
 Worst ever ! Tracking never showed movement only billing received . No way to contact supplier . I will be doing a chargeback on this order . Never order from them .
 I ordered a Mr. Gasket Remoted Oil Filter System from Amazon and did not receive that product . I got less than half of what is shown in the photo of another seller under the exact same number . I returned the misrepresented product the same day .
 Item is NOT as shown on you on-Line advertisement ! There it is shown as a complete tailgate locking system including the handle not as received consisting of only the Bezel , lock and two key ! I consider this fraudulent method of advertising and do expect to be credited the full amount of purchase , shipping and the additional cost of the return shipment ! returned 12 days ago still waiting refund
 I purchased this product and what was delivered did not resemble the photo , so much so that I thought it was packaged wrong from the factory . I returned it and had them send me another one . Unfortunately it was the same . Thank God the returns went without issue . Along with the covers covering over the pocket on the back of the front seats , I feel the `` Premier Tweed Fabric '' description needs to have the word `` Premier '' removed .
 I liked the product , but they were defective ... did not telescope I had to use WD40 on them and one of them started working properly the other one I took it apart and finally got it to work ? would have returned if it was n't for returned shipping cost.vendor should have inspected before sending . now they are what i expected !!
 I was really needing something to help clean the roof of my car . When I opened this up the wand would not extend and after twisting and pulling the end of it broke where the mop head screws in . I have compatable handles that I can use but this was really frustrating .
 I purchased this product and what was delivered did not resemble the photo , so much so that I thought it was packaged wrong from the factory . I returned it and had them send me another one . Unfortunately it was the same . Thank God the returns went without issue . Along with the covers covering over the pocket on the back of the front seats , I feel the `` Premier Tweed Fabric '' description needs to have the word `` Premier '' removed .
 I purchased this product and what was delivered did not resemble the photo , so much so that I thought it was packaged wrong from the factory . I returned it and had them send me another one . Unfortunately it was the same . Thank God the returns went without issue . Along with the covers covering over the pocket on the back of the front seats , I feel the `` Premier Tweed Fabric '' description needs to have the word `` Premier '' removed .
 Garbage . Sold as wiper washer tubing , but is too heavy and not flexible enough.Better off using a flexible soda straw .
 I ordered the Dashmat under the premise that it was an easy install , being mechanically retarded this appealed to me ... lol ... I 'm sure it would have been easier had the velcro that came with it actually stuck to the dash . I did what the instructions said , clean the dash thoroughly with a mild solution , NO Armoral , my dash had n't seen Armoral in 10 years in fact . So after fighting , sweating , and swearing over the non-sticky velcro I found myself at the auto store looking for industrial strength velcro . After about 2 hours I had it installed .
 This was a waste of money for me , but I did n't expect it to work . My transmission will not shift out of first gear until it is totally warm . Once warm , it works fine . This product did nothing for this problem .
 I ordered the Dashmat under the premise that it was an easy install , being mechanically retarded this appealed to me ... lol ... I 'm sure it would have been easier had the velcro that came with it actually stuck to the dash . I did what the instructions said , clean the dash thoroughly with a mild solution , NO Armoral , my dash had n't seen Armoral in 10 years in fact . So after fighting , sweating , and swearing over the non-sticky velcro I found myself at the auto store looking for industrial strength velcro . After about 2 hours I had it installed .
 This quick boot is designed to use a series of small bolts to hold the seam closed . The rubber itself seems of poor quality and the moulding process left unfinished feathered edges on the material . Made in India as of November 2012 . Although this is supposed to be a semi-universal design -- and `` Audi '' is listed among the applications for this part number -- it does not properly fit the outboard end of the front half-shafts on a 2001 Audi S4 . The inboard -LRB- small diameter -RRB- opening is slightly too large and the outboard -LRB- large diameter -RRB- opening is definitely too small . The steel bands are of the buckling type -LRB- rather than the ratcheting or screw type -RRB- , and it 's quite difficult to get them tightened properly.In the case of my '01 S4 , this is not even worth it as a temporary solution , especially as the OEM-equivalent CV boot kit -LRB- from Raybestos -RRB- is less than half the price .
 It says it fits but it does n't . Probably a good wiper if it could go on . do n't know why Amazon says it fits this car .
 Amazon 's supplier will have you believe this is the correct size for a rear window wiper . In my case , for an '06 Dodge Magnum . Not even close . The two-plus inches over OE takes the blade over the rear windshield and onto the hatch .
 I was very disappointed when this item arrived . The picture shows the entire trailor hitch assembly ... but the item you recieve is just the small part in front . It comes in a box that is about 18 '' x 12 '' if that gives you any idea of the size of it . Had I really read the description of product details I would have seen that it only weighs 20 pounds and that would have been a clue ... but I was mostly going on the picture . By the way ... it is the exact same picture that is on other web sites that do sell the entire trailor hitch . I feel that amazon needs to change the picture so that people will know they are only selling one small part of this . They were very helpful , however , in helping us ship it back as well as timely on their delivery .
 Item came up during my search for Jeep Wrangler reciever hitch . Price was good so I ordered it . It doese not match picture and is for a dodge truck .
 The picture of this hitch is inaccurate . This is NOT a frame mounted Class III hitch . I am going to return it as it is a bumper mounted hitch and vastly inferior to a frame mounted hitch !!!!!!!
 i still do not have the right item , i have two of the same item and both are wrong
 As expensive as these bearing are , even at this so called cheap price , they should last longer than five months . No warranty information listed and I have no idea who to call . These are a monster to install and should not have gone out in this short amount of time . The original bearing is on a 2000 Toyota Tundra . Thats 12 years the original bearing lasted . Completley ridiculous for a bearing to go out in 5 months .
 Purchased a Timken front wheel bearing for a Toyota Tacoma from Amazon -LRB- not the other buying choices -RRB- . Price was reasonable , but upon inspection the bearing was obviously bad . This is a sealed bearing unit.The seal on the bearing was not set -LRB- it was pulled out and damaged -RRB- , it had indications that it had been used before . This is not the first time that I have received something defective from Amazon . It leads me to question where they source their inventory and what type of suppliers -LRB- retailers -RRB- that they choose to do business with.Sometimes you get what you pay for , so be careful and keep your receipts ! I will now deal with store fronts and other online retailers that are directly responsible for their products and not an internet brokerage house for anonymous suppliers.Two strikes Amazon and you are out , I would expect this from fleabay !
 not a well made product and if your installing this on any late model car you will need to buy an additional tach adapter that cost $ 50 + it will work on early model cars years 2000 and below i couldnt tell you how it works because i could not install this due to my car being to new
 This is of poor quality , lasted only 1200km before it started to clunk worse than the original . With in hours of driving the steering felt soft and then the dreaded clunk returned , because of the low quality the steering now clunks with every bump or turn on the road . I guess you get what you pay for .
 This is a B **** to install and when I got it in the first time I found that the lower end of the shaft which is on the engine side of the firewall did not fit into the shaft going to the steering rack . This is not what I was expecting . I expected this part to fit . Reluctantly I had to pull the whole shaft back out and measure it and measure the old part . I found that the lower end of the new shaft was 0.20 mm larger in one dimension than the old part . This was significant in that it had to fit inside a mating part of the lower steering shaft and this extra 0.20 mm was more than enough to cause it not to fit . I do n't mean it was close and I had to use a hammer to get it in I mean even when I tried a hammer with vice grips attached this thing would not budge . 0.20 mm is a huge amount of material when you 're talking about parts that fit inside of one another . Regrettably I took this part to my bench grinder and ground down material until it was less than the size of the original . Now this is not ideal mind you but I did what I had to do and this is why I will be rating this product poorly.In the future I will probably just drill a hole in the bottom of the shaft and insert a grease zerk and then fill in the bottom of the shaft with epoxy to keep the grease from coming out instead of buying a new shaft . Apparently GM nor Doorman knows how to make one of these properly.I can not comment yet on whether this shaft lasts longer than 10k miles or not like the factory one .
 I installed this about a month ago and already the clunking has started to return ... very disappointed in this product , not sure if there is any warranty , but I would n't recommend . I was highly encouraged after reading the positive reviews , but unfortunately this did not work out for me .
 this steering shaft is of poor design . the factory shaft is much better than this one . I installed it no problem , but the clearances were bigger then the one I took off . I do n't recommend this item for any one trying to up grade to something better . ITS not !!!!!!!!
 I bought a used 2004 Avalanche in October 2010 that needed a new steering shaft . I bought this part from Amazon , replaced it myself and as of late , I 'd say the last couple of months I noticed a slight clunking which is now prominent and sounding like the previous shaft did.I suggest `` steering '' clear of this poor excuse of a replacement . Others have mentioned the dealership but I fear the cost would be high , however it may be justified if it does n't fail as well .
 bought this new product with the thought that the dreaded clunking would be repairedbut it still persisted , maybe even worse . this might have just been a bad one since these things do happen , but i 'm going to try the new gm part this time .
 This shaft only stopped the clunking for about 2-3 weeks before it started clunking again . I 'd recommend spending the extra money for the newly designed factory shaft you can get from the dealer . I replaced this dorman with the new version I bought from the dealer and have had it for 6 months with no problems .
 This steering shaft remedied the clunk in my column for 2000 miles . The original OEM part did n't start making noise for close to 60,000 . I emailed Dorman with a detailed account of my troubles and received no reply . Poor quality , poor customer service , lost customer .
 I was excited to purchase this shaft after reading all the good reviews and becauseI thought the price was right . For me this shaft did not work . I was impressed during the first test drive , but after just a few days the knock is back . The shaft does appear to be a heavier duty remake , but evidently it is still engineered with either the wrong material , design , etc. . . I dont know what the answer is ... maybe stainless instead of mild steel or whatever they are using to keep the shaft affordable . After just a month now I am debating weather or not to try and modify this shaft or the original . I ca n't think of any options that will work for me besides just dealing with the knock . I wasted my time and money on the shaft I purchased .
 I received this part to correct the infamous Chevy 2002-2007 `` clunk '' problem for SUVs -LRB- Trucks , Tahoes , Avalanches -RRB- . This steering shaft is supposed to expand and collapse . However , this Dorman shaft was stuck and would not expand -LRB- should expand easily using hand strength -RRB- . I am very glad I didnt install it first . Some users have also reported that Dorman had a bad batch of about 1000 of these . This is noting amazon did , its just an issue with Dormans QA process . I ended up ordering the original GM part from a well known GMPartsDirect dealer -LRB- pt number is 19153614 -RRB- . I would not recommend this Dorman Product .
 I purchased this item to replace the poorly designed stock unit that is making terrible popping/clunking noises in a 2005 Suburban . Prior to this , I replaced the steering column bearing to ensure that was not the problem . Much to my dismay , this part did not stop the noise . Actually , when I drive over speed bumps it makes a loud squeaking noise , presumably due to a lack of grease in the shaft . Although it is designed differently , it looks almost identical to the stock unit . I 'm now contemplating whether I want to re-install the stock one and send this unit back . Not sure it 's worth the $ 40 or not though , although Amazon is fantastic to work with . Borgeson makes a much beefier shaft for this application but I 'm not sure I want to spend the extra $ 's on this .
 The recently introduced GM 19153614 is something like GM 's fourth generation intermediate steering shaft for the Burbs and Trucks . It is redesigned and now superior to the Dorman which was an improvement over the early GM versions . I just installed the new GM and hope that this time they got it right !
 after putting in a quart and a half - still leaks - only red instead of yellow colored oil . If you were thinking you probably need new seals - you probably do - this is not a rescue .
 The Amazon picture on this items is not correct and does not match the description and SKU number . If you are buying this item based on the picture , be aware that the product you will receive will not be what you see in the picture . The description and SKU number are for another GE bulb and not the one pictured .
 these injectors will not work on the t-bird super coupe . you need 46 # INJECTOR . . do not purchase for you t-bird sc
 I bought this at a retail store . The instructions are clear as mud , but I have the training to install it correctly . It 's supposed to be universal , but it 's NOT . I was installing this on a 1999 Nissan Altima , a VERY popular make , model , and year . It looks quite similar in size and shape to the factory original equipment . It does have some important differences . It comes with several different styles and shapes of mounting hardware , yet NONE of it was even CLOSE to working with an Altima , so I had to cannibalize parts of the old antenna assembly , plus use every trick I know to install it . Once I got it installed and all the wires connected , I turned on the ignition and the radio and NOTHING HAPPENED . I uninstalled it , checked everything , found all connections functioning within normal limits , and reinstalled . I turned on the car and the radio and NOTHING HAPPENED . Pure junk . The instructions claim that `` normally '' a there is a blue wire and a red wire in the car and the same IS on the antenna . I do n't know what planet the manufacturer is from , but that is NOT the norm , and that is NOT how it is in Nissans for sure . This piece of equipment is pure junk and a huge waste of money . Oh , and a huge red flag
 Our three year old twins received two of these cars for Christmas . The joystick control broke on one of the cars one hour after they received them on Christmas Day ! My husband ordered a replacement car and then shortly after that , the other cars ' joystick control broke ! So , now we are stuck with TWO BROKEN CARS and one that does work , but are wondering when that one will break too ! I need to mention that the kids were NOT particularly rough with the cars ; we were right there when the other car broke and did not witness any rough behavior . The controls are cheap and will break eventually . The cars are very loud , but on the positive side , the kids do love them and provide fun and entertainment for them . I would definitely NOT recommend this product .
 I had to replace 2 within a short period of time . I bought an extra one to have as a back up on the control went bad on that one . As well as the batteries wo n't hold its charge after only having it for less than a year .
 We are giving this as a gift , the package was smashed and looked like a return the seller was target.com
 This item was at least 1/2 inch to long to fit over the original equipment mirror . It was also very thin making the proposition of cutting it to size likely to be unsuccessful . I would not suggest purchasing this item unless you have a way of cutting it -LRB- and not yourself , as I did twice on the unfinished edges ! -RRB- to the proper size .
 I agree with Mike 's review . The was too big to fit over the original equipment mirror . I had to fold the two-sided tape several times to stick it over my original mirror so it would adhere . This did not make an effecient method of mounting the mirror and the mirror sags . I am currently looking for a spacer I can make to attach the Dorman mirror to the spacer and the spacer to my original mirror . If you can find a better way to attach it or have it cut to size , the mirror would be fine .
 I own a brand new Chrysler 300C . I tried washing it at home with my hard water and even though I dried it ASAP , it still badly spotted the windows so I ordered several products including the DP High Performance Glass Restorer . One of the windows had to be replaced under warranty due to a previous scratch , so it became my test window -LRB- good thing or I would have been very angry . -RRB- As it is a brand new car , the windows have no marks of any kind . I ordered and tried 3 products , The DP High Performance Glass Restorer , Diamondite -LRB- kit -RRB- and Spot-X ... see the other 2 products for their positive reviews -LRB- with both the good and bad noted . -RRB- The other 2 products pads did lightly scratch but the products themselves did n't scratch the window . On the other hand , this stuff ... you might as well be using lava grit . On a wet soft cotton cloth , with a pre-wetted window , after having shook the bottle very well , this stuff scratched the glass BADLY right from the start - even with little pressure . I would never use nor recommend this product and it quickly got trashed to ensure that it was never used in my home . Depending on the use , go with the Diamonite or the Spot-X instead .
 Even after using the does this fit my car information and being told it does fit my 2003 Dodge Ram 1500 , it does n't without a wiring adaptor from Reese part number 22281 . The information on this item said just plug it in and it will work . This is not possible with the connector on the unit.Amazon needs to review the other controllers for missing or misleading information .
 The image looks funny from the mirror . I did not find out it until I put it on my car . Took me a while to get it done , so I might leave it .
 These people sent me the wrong part mislabeled , I followed their instructions for a exchange . I had to contact them repeatededly for shipping instructions to return the wrong part back to them , once I returned the item -LRB- at My cost -RRB- I never received the correct part , or even a refund . I have contacted them and recevied a `` We 're sorry a refund will be made to you , shortly '' I should live so long ! So I 'm out the cost of the part Plus the cost of shipping ! Do not Deal with these people ! This has been going on since Feb. , it is now late July ! Are you Kidding me ! What a Joke !
 The driver side mat is a poor fit for a 2004 Toyota Rav 4 . It is not cut correctly . The mat rides up over the left foot rest so it does n't lay flat on the floor as it should . A deeper cut as shown in the photo would have worked , but that 's not what we got . We returned the product , no problem .
 The floormats did not fit the car . The hooks were on the wrong side . So , we returned them and described the problem . We got the same floormats back !
 The driver side mat is a poor fit for a 2004 Toyota Rav 4 . It is not cut correctly . The mat rides up over the left foot rest so it does n't lay flat on the floor as it should . A deeper cut as shown in the photo would have worked , but that 's not what we got . We returned the product , no problem .
 The floormats did not fit the car . The hooks were on the wrong side . So , we returned them and described the problem . We got the same floormats back !
 Received the product promptly , however this puller is worthless and I wasted my money.I tried pulling the pulley on my steering pump with it and the pulling assembly simply broke . The metal is of poor quality and bent under torque . The pulley did n't even move!I will try returning it and get my money back .
 The driver side mat is a poor fit for a 2004 Toyota Rav 4 . It is not cut correctly . The mat rides up over the left foot rest so it does n't lay flat on the floor as it should . A deeper cut as shown in the photo would have worked , but that 's not what we got . We returned the product , no problem .
 The floormats did not fit the car . The hooks were on the wrong side . So , we returned them and described the problem . We got the same floormats back !
 I bought a can of this stuff last fall to use on my truck . Finally got around to it this spring . As a couple of others have mentioned here , it did n't dry . The can does n't provide any drying times , only that you are to wait 15-20 minutes between coats . Two hours later , this stuff is still wet .
 I sprayed this on concrete about two in the afternoon with a full sun and eight hours later it rained and washed most of it off . It was still not dry the next morning . I may have got a bad batch . I ordered four cans and I doubt if I will use the last three unless it 's just to experment to see if it will dry .
 The driver side mat is a poor fit for a 2004 Toyota Rav 4 . It is not cut correctly . The mat rides up over the left foot rest so it does n't lay flat on the floor as it should . A deeper cut as shown in the photo would have worked , but that 's not what we got . We returned the product , no problem .
 The floormats did not fit the car . The hooks were on the wrong side . So , we returned them and described the problem . We got the same floormats back !
 The kit came with NO instructions.The seal griper will not grip the rope seal.But the rasor will work for a gasket scraper .
 The pads are really nice , I 've always been happy with Wagner and always by theirs or AC 's parts . However , I was disappointed to find out that they stopped including the abutment clips -LRB- I thought they included them in the past , do n't remember -RRB- and you have to order them separately . Very disappointing .
 This part came quickly and was well packaged . However the part did not fit my 1995 Saturn LS series . It was indicated to fit my car , but was far too small . Check before buying , it was a big disappointment . Had to run out to the store mid-brake change and was unable to get the ceramic pads I wanted .
 I 've used this floor mat design for over 15 years and it has been one of my favorites . Unfortunately the material they are made from has been changed to some kind of cheap rubber compound that is stiffer and has a strong `` burnt rubber '' smell that I associate with poorly made chinese products . The mats have been in my car for 3 weeks and the smell has not gotten any better . Enough , they are in the trash and I 'm airing out my car .
 This is a universal fan that fits many different makes of vehicles . I bought it for my 1990 Jeep Cherokee . I returned it and bought the one made for the Jeep because the Jeep one has the sensor that turns it on automatically . This fan is for the AC .
 Did an information search and all indications were that it fitted my vehicle . It was n't correct and when I searched again there is n't one to suit my Model Vehicle .
 You clearly show an image of a `` Tank Conversion Kit '' with the words `` Milton S646 M. Hex Nipple 1/4 npt '' list price $ 28.86 - Price $ 3.62 You save $ 25.24 -LRB- 87 % -RRB- Under `` Product Specifications `` Product InformationBrand
 I want to state that I really like Hella products . However , I am VERY disappointed with these lamps.I realize these are compacts , however the reflector fails to put the light where it needs to be . It more or less scatters the light all over the place almost like a flood.I think I 'm going to try a set of Hella projector style next time if size is an issue for me .
 I am so angry at myself for buying these lights . These little hellas feel nice in the hand and the wiring kit is pretty good quality as well . But thats where it ends . I installed them and they light up pretty well for the size . Next day they were filled with water ! Both of them ! We had a very small rain shower and both these things were fogged up with standing water in the bottom . These are supposed to be driving lights , and they ca n't stand up to a single day of use . Now I have an empty hole -LRB- switch -RRB- in my dash and drilled holes in my grill , so I basically destroyed my truck for no reason . I feel hella should reimburse me for this , as this is unacceptable by any means . Please listen to me , save your money and spare yourself and your vehicle the aggravation .
 Installation instructions were good and easy to follow . However , lights made almost no noticeable difference when operated with my halogen sealed beam high beams . Now holes have been drilled and they have been mounted and I wo n't remove them but , just a word of advice ; do n't expect them to provide any improvement over your properly aimed high beams . These are not fog lights . I ordered `` Driving Lights '' to improve my long range visibility at night . I have a lot of deer that are active at night and are often on the road I take to work . Many near misses and these wimpy driving lights wo n't help . Not recommended .
 I bought a set of these lights . Supplied switch is defective . Supplier says Amazon has to handle problem . Amazon says they ca n't handle problem . Same old finger-pointing junk . Who get screwed ? Guess who ... ? The customer . Very poor Hella ! Very poor Amazon !
 This part was supposed to fit the driver 's side of my Nissan pickup , but it actually was made for the passenger side . The illustration shows the correct part , unfortunately that 's not what got shipped to me . Amazon refunded my money instantly , but I 'd rather be in possession of the correct part .
 I really wanted to like this product . I really wanted it to work . I was going to use it to take off a crank pulley bolt -LRB- approx . 120ft . lbs of torque -RRB- . I knew that I might be pushing it , but I did n't want to buy a compressor because I wanted something quiet.After buying it , I took it home and was excited to use it . I decided to go ahead and use it to take off of my lug nuts . That 's when the problems happened . It would n't take them off . I hand torqued the lug nuts to 85 ft. lbs . the day before . The day before I could n't get the crank pulley bolt off with a breaker bar -LRB- probably over torqued from previous service -RRB- , that 's why I was in the market for this . The point is that it would n't remove something that was tightened at 85ft . lbs . If it would n't remove the lug nuts , it obviously would n't remove the crank pulley bolt.I do not recommend this product at all , especially since it did n't take off my lug nuts . I 've read bad reviews before of it , but thought people were simply biased towards air tools ; they were right .
 I also purchased this electric impact wrench to avoid messing around with a compressor and pneumatic wrench . I have separate sets of summer and winter tires each mounted on their own rims . I always use a torque wrench when replacing wheels for the season , or detailed cleaning , etc. . The only time they are possibly not properly torqued is at State inspection time - 1x/year in PA.The DeWalt tool has never been able to break the wheel nuts loose after a few days of the nuts being properly torqued . The nuts are steel and the wheels aluminum , and maybe some galvanic corrosion is taking place . But it 's hard to believe that it takes more than the rated 345 ft-lbs to loosen the nuts . I use an 18 '' breaker bar to overcome the initial loosening , then use the DeWalt wrench . It does make the job faster in that respect ; eliminating the spinning by hand . At least I get some use out of the tool , but it 's disappointing that it wo n't work fully as intended .
 I am a weekend mechanic who values his time and tools . I am a firm believer in using the right tool for the correct job . I purchased this impact wrench that supposedly has 345 ft ' / lbs of torque . I was using it to remove the wheels on my car that I torque to 90 ft/lbs with a torque wrench . This impact wrench was not powerful enough to remove any of the 20 lug nuts that i needed to remove . I tried each and every one of them , but ultimately had to use a breaker bar to loosen them all.The tried and tried and wanted to keep this tool , but ultimately returned it and am reverting back to using my air tools ... or I may consider purchasing the Milwaukee equivalent . That seems to get better reviews at a slightly higher price . I do n't recommend purchasing this product other than to unscrew lug nuts that are already loosened . Good luck !
 You ca n't use this item to remove the pulley . It 's used to put it back on.The description and packaging do n't make this clear . WTF.Also , you can make the same tool and accomplish the same objective with a nut , washer and bolt.To make a long story short , I feel like I was defrauded out of $ 25 .
 The quart size in white is discontinued , supposedly due to slow sales . So now , if you have a 8 foot pick-up bed , you have to buy two gallons . I will buy another brand , even though this has good ratings for product .
 This arrived with dead batteries but that 's not the reason for the two stars . This product is an engineering enigma . You 've got this beautifully machined aluminum battery comparment/handle with no-slip grip . Water proof switch , o-ringed cap , heavy duty coated flex neck and an LED light built into the end . Wonderful . Then you get the business end and ... wait a minute ... where 's the magnet ? Oh ... it 's stuck to the side of the flex neck . Hmm ... so , you pull it off and stick it in the end of the tool where it belongs , and as soon as you pick up an object the magnet falls out again . Nice . The head is brass so it 's not going to stick to that , no glue , absolutely nothing to keep the magent on the tool . I hate sending things back , so just to make the thing work , I took the end off , used a vise grip to make the magnet slot out of round and provide an interference fit , beat the magnet in with a mallet , now it 's working fine . What were they thinking ? It 's like they ran out of money when it came time to engineer the most important part of the product .
 I should have foreseen the problem when I opened the package.The lamp flickered , it looked like a poor contact so I checked to see if the caps -LRB- battery end-cap and the light end cap -RRB- were secure . The battey cap was okay , but the light end cap was loose . I snugged it up a bit -LRB- less than a quarter turn -RRB- and the lamp no longer flickered . Solved that easily?Not really , because when I tried to use the light while working on some equipment -LRB- the reason I bought it -RRB- , the lamp flickered again . I checked the lamp-end cap , and it was still loose ! Upon closer examination , I could see that the threads were defective ; the female cap and the male body could not be secured ; a little pull and the cap simply came off in my hand . Then I could see that the wiring -LRB- from the battery compartment to the lamp -RRB- was badly twisted and frayed , obvious that the flickering was caused by a short or break in the wiring.It appears that someone , likely on the assembly line , tried to secure the lamp-end cap to the body , it just kept turning and twisted the wiring to the point that it frayed and shorted ; of course they solved their problem by shipping the thing to the customer.It now `` swims with the fishes '' , this is junk , beware .
 The part does not match my KIA SEPHIA 96 1.8 L RS , the part exceeds the size of my current filter for more than 3 inches . This is my exact size part in Fram catalog -LSB- ... -RSB- . I do n't know why you have the part number wrong and offered that it fits to my car when it does n't
 not as shinny as the picture . It 's all plastic ... looks and feels cheap , but the price justifies cheapness.not a perfect fit for my CRV 's break pedal , but i got it on . gas pedal fit perfect.if looks are important to you , then u need to spend little more .
 I bought this and returned it because I unexpectedly found an all stainless steel version at the Blue home improvement store for the same price . This device ca n't compare because the plastic outer rim will break if you put too much tension on the ring . That 's not going to happen to the stainless steel ones I bought .
 two worked fine ... easy to pull up and push down ... two did not ... I had to pry them up every time I wanted to use them .
 There 's definitely a reason why there are so many 1 reviews . I took the chance hoping my experience would be different , something you can do with Amazon 's great return policy , and I lost . Installed easy enough , but you key it to the lock position and it 's like what almost everyone else said , it still opens , with not much more effort than you would normally use to open it . The product simply does n't work . If you want security for your truck bed , mine is a 2004 Dodge Dakota SLT Quad Cab by the way , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . My search continues .
 This has already been covered , but if you 're considering purchasing this lock , do n't . It is easy to install and looks good on the tailgate of my truck . However , as a lock , it does n't work . Even when installed properly , it only prevents you from pulling on one half of the tailgate handle . If you pull from the center , the other half still pulls out enough to unlock the latch and open the tailgate .
 This is the first product review I 've done and I 've bought hundreds of items on Amazon . I was very disappointed with this one . There are several design flaws that prevent it from locking your tailgate . The biggest one is that the whole mechanism is secured with one screw that allows the locking arm to rotate down -LRB- thus unlocking the tailgate -RRB- with very little effort on the tailgate handle . I thought I could fix that with a tack weld on the lock . Even when welded solid , the tailgate opens very easily in the locked position . Bottom line is do n't waste your money on this product !!!
 First off the key tumbler does n't match up with the cover and the lock does n't lock the tailgate.What else do i say but a waste of money .
 Reviewed both Pop & Lock PL3600 an Bully LH-005 for my 2005 Dodge Dakota . Neither had great reviews so purchased Bully for 1/3 the price . Bully LH-005 was also the OEM item for my truck is talking with Dodge Dealer Parts department . Lock arrived on time and installation seemed simple enough . Upon installation in trying to tighten screw to prevent lock from rotating , stripped the screw threads on the mounting mechanism . Was going to return the item for a replacement but realized I would probably have same issue with replacement . The pop rivet on lock lever also loosened with repetitive use so even with a semi-secure mounting mechanism , lock lever slide moved to allow tailgate to open . So I then decided to make modifications to the lock mounting mechanisms - -LRB- 1 -RRB- drilled out pop rivet on lock lever and replaced with a real threaded screw and -LRB- 2 -RRB- drilled out threads on mounting mechanism and replaced with bolt that is secured with a nut on the back side of the tailgate . The bolt nut is hidden by the bed liner . These two simple modifications made all the world of difference in how secure the lock is as well as how it operates .
 Did n't work on my '06 Dakota . You could open the tailgate if it was locked or unlocked . Did n't even phase the operation of the tailgate . It 's on it 's way back for a refund .
 Firstly I have a 2009 Dodge Dakota , so maybe it 's just a bad fit for that year.Since the mechanism relies on one screw for installation , if you pull the tailgate handle hard enough , it forces the lock mechanism to swivel out of the way . So when this lock is activated , a little amount of effort with one hand is enough to force the tailgate open . On top of that , the lock is n't flush with the bezel . Partly my own fault , it came with a one-way screw to attach the lock to the tailgate , so the junk wo n't be coming off any time soon .
 This arrived in an undamaged box . Upon opening it I discovered a big dent in the upper bar -LRB- no paint scratched so basically it got by quality control -RRB- . Also both the upper brackets are poorly designed and dig into the bumper paint and angle the assembly too close to the grille preventing the hood from opening . This made me quite happy as I had just spent $ 250 on a new bumper and having it professionally painted.Tried contacting Westin twice and never got a response - super!Ended up designing and making my own brackets.Doubt I 'll buy Westin again .
 These bulbs are certainly a good deal and they do produce an adequate amount of light but they did not seat properly into the standard plastic instrument cluster mounts for my car . I inspected each one of the 10 bulbs and found that there was a wide variation in geometries of the mount interface area
 Is this a joke ? $ 8.53 for this miniature lamp ? Autozone sells it for a dollar .
 Claims to be universal but is n't . Does not fit a Ford Focus ... not even close . Poorly designed product.Requires you to fit a sticky pad to the pedal and the new pads and bend , yes , bend , some ` brackets ' to hold it to the pedal.Simply put ... poorly designed -LRB- brackets -RRB- not universal , either . Look elsewhere or check locally if these will fit your vehicle .
 The pedals look good , but are impossible to install , it makes Rubic 's Cube look simple . Plus once you do get them on , they do n't stay there , so if you want custom pedals , `` Do n't go here ''
 The brackets provided would barely grab on the very edges of the stock clutch and brake pedals of my 1999 Chevrolet S10.I installed as per the provided instructions , but every other day or so I would have to tighten the screws because the hardware would loosen and the pedal pads would begin to rotate.After repeating this for over a month , I got sick of having to constantly tighten the screws . I removed the pedal pads and put the stock ones back on . They are useless to me now .
 I bought this item for my 2009 Ford Focus . The product advised that it fit this vehicle . The break pedal pad fit okay . The gas pedal pad however does not fit . I have tried to get it on the pedal several times and it just does not fit the small curved gas pedal on this vehicle . I can get one end or the other on but not both . I have a set on my 2007 Ford Focus , from another manufacturer , that has a metal strap that goes around the underside of the pedal that fit fine . They have worked for over two years now . I would not recommend this product .
 i bought this fuel regulator and didnt work on my mitsubishi eclipse 99 rs -LRB- 420A -RRB- , so i wrote to standard motor products and they told me that some mitsubishi eclipse use a standard fuel regulator PR328.I wought the PR328 and its exactly like the oem part , so be carefull when you are buying replacement parts for your car .
 I plugged it in for the first time , it did n't work , then when I went to unplug it , it fell apart . I would not recommend it .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 The wiper arm that I received was bent in such a way as to scrape and scratch the chrome at the bottom of the windshield.I had to modify the arm to make it fit properly.Not real satisfied.Thanks , Rick Langert
 Ok , so this might have worked if not for the fact that the company sent the WRONG liner for my car . There is a huge difference between the 2000 Model Nissan Xterra and the 2011 . Then when I try to return it , it says that is not available for this product ... I was able to mess with my amazon order enough that amazon did schedule a UPS pick up for the product , however it is yet to be credited back to my credit card . This was a huge nightmare . I suggest going to the dealership and getting exactly what you need . It will only cost about $ 10 more . Well worth NOT having to deal with the headache of attempting to return something that will not work for your vehicle .
 i get this product because its says that it fits with my 2006 jeep grand cherokee , when i get it results that it doesnt .
 I purchased the product , ACCEL Points Eliminator kit 2020 and upon installation , The Roto Shutter -LRB- Part # 338 thin plastic -RRB- completely fell apart in my hands while getting it out of the package . Had to order the replacement part from Summit Racing at an additional cost for the replacment part -LRB- MAA-338 -RRB- and additional cost for expedited delivery to put the car on the road again . I actually was thankful it fell apart before installation rather than while on the freeway .
 even though it is classified as class III , its maximum towing weight is only 3500lb and tongue weight is 300lb . that is what class II hitches do . you can not tow most boats bigger than 18ft .
 The description did not match the product . Says it fit the 2007 dodge ram front but is only for rear . and since i 'm from central america i 'm stuck with 80 dollars worth of pads that i ca n't return.Hawk Performance HB299F .650 HPS Brake Pad
 product works all but one side of marker lights , Customer no service is what they have . They do not answer emails . I will never buy another produt with their name on it
 I bought this hoping to power some low wattage lights and other low power equipment only to find that it does not even have a polarized plug ! Who the heck puts a three prong grounded outlet on anything with a plug that is not polarized . I wish I had never purchased this item as almost all of my equipment has polarized plugs . I ended up going to the local electronics store and looking for one and sure enough there was not an inverter in the store that did not have a polarized outlet on it . I hope I can save a few others from making the same mistake I did by posting this review !
 The cap is not the material made that You see in the image . It is an ordinary `` black '' cap . I bought two and both came with a little crack inside . Bad quality .
 I got in a timely fashion and the insert was in good condition . But it was smaller than I thought
 I bought this to do oil changes on my 2012 mazdaspeed3 . After realized that this does n't work , i see all of the reviews are for the old generation mazda 2.3 L engines . This is to big for a generation 2 2010 + 2.3 L engines found on the mazdaspeed3 . The description and compatibility chart should update to reflect this . The generation 2 vehicles do n't have a cartridge type filter but a regular canister type filter .
 I bought this after reading that my Mazda 3 2.3 l required a special oil canister removal tool . It turns out one of my current filter removers fits perfectly . Although Mazda apparently tries to convince us that their oil canister is a unique size , check your current filter removal tools first as you probably already have one that fits .
 The oil filter wrench I bought does not work for a Mazda 2.3 L engine as advertized . There is no accommodation for an allen wrench which removes the oil casing . I would like to return it .
 Save your cash . If you own a large pair of channel lock pliers , it will do the job just as well on the Mazda 6 , 2.3 L engine . There is plenty of room so do n't worry .
 In my 2010 Toyota Tundra it was a waste of money . Had hopes it would improve at least a mile or two per gallon , but it was more like two tenths of a mile . Spend your $ 20 on a few more gallons of gas .
 i dont think this aparature was intended for use with the 2000 ford f150 . i think it might have been for the 4.6 liter engine but i have the 5.4 liter engine . i had to make a few mods and place it where it was not supposed to be place . i will have to see if it effects the gas mileage in a good way or not . we will see . but for the most part , it was an easy install . just a few screws and that was it . took about ten minutes .
 this thing did not fit in my 1992 lexus may it could be adjusted i just dont know how cut my finger on the darn thing
 I purchased 6 bottles of this product for use in my Mitsubishi Evolution , since where I live the maximum octane I can buy is 91 . Based on research I had done , it looked like this product could effectively raise my octane from 91 to 94 based on the amount of fuel my tank holds . I figured at a premium of $ 10 per tank of fuel , it would be worth it if it indeed did reduce knock . Once I got a logger hooked up to my car that could measure knock , I found that the car was indeed seeing quite a bit of knock even with the additive . The map I was running was based on the car running 93 octane -LRB- where no knock was detected -RRB- . I continued to log the car in a variety of situations , many temperatures -LRB- from 30 degrees up to 80 degrees -RRB- to validate the results . I began to suspect this additive was n't doing anything , so I ran the tank down to nothing and put in a fresh tank of 91 . I used the same Shell gas station , for consistency of fuel source . The next log showed that the knock was actually REDUCED when running straight 91 octane vs. having the additive in the tank . Now I doubt this product creates knock , but my point is that I could find absolutely NO value in this product for my application - as far as a knock reducer - which is unfortunate at $ 10 each . If nothing else , my recommendation would be to buy no more than 1 or 2 bottles to see for yourself . In the end I had to have the car re-tuned -LRB- read
 This product does n't fit my car -LRB- BMW -RRB- properly . The instructions are not very clear and what I would consider useless . Will never buy again !!
 Durable material yes color matches good but fit is all off spend more money on weather tech to get a better product
 My Chilton Nissan Pathfinder manaul that I bought in 2002 is the best and most detailed non-factory shop manual I have ever seen . Unfortunately the new ones are not the same . One of their bean counters who has never actually worked on his own car thought it would be a great idea to shrink everything down in size to save a few pennies on printing costs . I can live with the smaller main text , but for most of the exploded diagrams you need a magnifiying glass -LRB- and for some a microscope -RRB- to read them . Luckily there are lots of good used -LRB- and new -RRB- factory shop manuals out there at reasonable `` buy it now '' prices .
 I order two of these for my girlfreind 's 20 ` th , and 1 day prior am notified that i will only receive one . Words can not describe how dissapointed i am with this service .
 I think I paid less than $ 6.00 for this item and THAT was all it was worth . . no more ...
 The first Lenmar 450W inverter I received failed to power up when connected to a battery . The replacement did power up , but the display was broken -LRB- some parts of the readout were unresponsive -RRB- , and the packaging was sliced -LRB- not open , but not a great sign -RRB- on arrival . My boyfriend has had this same item since 2009 , and after using his I thought this purchase was a safe bet , but something is obviously off about the current manufactures.Also notable
 I give this product 2 stars for various reasons :1 . gives a dull smeared look instead of deep wet gloss shine2 . if under 40 degrees outside the product will freeze on tires leaving white foam residue with thick oil splotches to tire3 . not as fast as traditional spray tire shines . takes multiple circles to completely cover tire with foam which takes about 90 sec a tire .4 . usually takes more than 1 treatment to fully coat tire evenly . the product when drying slides down the tire leaving top half of tire looking like no product was even used .5 . when spraying foam , a considerable amount of foam gathers on nozzle which no one wants to deal with.OVERALL - if this is the only product on the shelf and you must have a tire shine , its worth buying , OTHERWISE DONT WASTE YOUR MONEYi have found that turtle wax 's high gloss tire shine is best product for the job , it has a high wet shine and it lasts most for a couple weeks . it even has a nice smell to it as you spray on tire
 I entered the make and model of my classic car and all info indicated . The wire set arrived and they were not as pictured . The end boots were incorrect and would not fit the car . They did allow a return with refund but what a hassle .
 Purchased to use on the front floor `` hump '' on my classic car . Had to modify and add weight to keep it from tipping over and pouring it 's contents of CDs , notepads and pens under my feet .
 Had the Reese Sleeved lock on my Tow Hitch Step for a year now & damn if I can get the thing off !!! We have tried Graphite -LRB- dry -RRB- Graphite Liquideverything short of cutting the thing off . The key -LRB- a flat one -RRB- wo n't BUDGE in the lock.Newer Reese towpower locks have round keys -LRB- like Vending machine keys -RRB- on them . My cover has been on the lock ever since I bought it & today it is 87 degrees outside . Still the lock wo n't allow the key to turn in it . after 10 minutes of working on it with the CTP keys it budged a little , but it still did n't unlock ALL the way.Tomorrow I am going to get my Custom Truck specialist to torch it off . Next time I will buy the MASTERLOCK Brand .
 I have the Reese . The thing needed to be welded off . I got the masterlock on there now . It has a plastic cover to protect the barrel , and I had no problem . No more emarrasment when you pull up at U-Haul . Get the MASTERLOCK .
 I decided to write a review because I picked one two of these up at a local retailer . I was just going to get one of the smaller ones , but they happened to have two on the shelf with matching keys and I have a hitch-haul receiver with a tip-up cargo carrier so matching keys was a plus.First , I was up north and removed the cargo carrier while camping . When I put it back on , I pushed it in till I heard a click and it came off on my way to the store . The pin stayed in , and luckily enough the lock came off just at the end of the road , but I have to now watch it like a hawk whenever I 'm locking it up and give it a good , sturdy yank to make sure it actually locked in place.Now my latest complaint , and the one inspiring me to post is that they have been on the receiver for just over a month . Now I understand that Michigan uses some of the most corrosive salts in the country , and over-uses them to boot , but one of the reese manufacturing centers is less than 20 minutes from where I live so you 'd think they 'd product test these things in local conditions would n't you ? Both pins are completely covered in rust after just one snow ! I do n't know what the point of chroming them is if they chrome them so thin that they ca n't stand up to a single road-salt application.They 're a nice sturdy pin , but not worth the money I 've paid based on how they are holding up . It was nice to have shiny chrome locks - for 2 weeks !!! I 'd expect more from Reese
 I did n't buy it on amazon but at Home Depot . I just had a bad enough experience I want to warn others not to buy it . Used it for towing 3 times , on the 3rd time it became stuck . I left it on for a year but now I need it off . Dont recommended this at all .
 Class 3 hitch with electric brake plug -LRB- round -RRB- does not leave enough space to put locking pin thru and lock.Should be noted that Reese locking pin does not work with brake plug .
 I had first tried to order a set of these car seats a year ago , and I had trouble getting the seller to ship the items . When I had ordered the items the computer was showing 2 left in stock , and when I had purchased the items , the shipping confirmation had stated that it would take 2 months to ship them to me . After waiting two and a half months I still had not received the items , so I e-mail the seller . I ended up canceling my first order . Then about six months later I still wanted the items , so I tired ordering them again . This time the order went through and they shipped the items . The shipping was kind of slow and when I opened the package the appearance of the items did not look like the picture .
 Very , very disappointed in this product . I purchased these seat covers for my 2006 hummer h3 , the fasteners are flimsy and do n't allow for a snug fit as advertised and shown in the picture . Essentially , because the elastic chords on the front of the seat cover are n't long enough , there 's no way to fastened them to the center tab that slips btwn the backrest and seat cushion . Unless you can fasten the center tab to the front chords , there 's no way to get the snug custom fit as shown in the picture . Even if I were to take my seats out of my car , I could n't get the snug fit shown in the picture . Now I 'll have to ship this item back at my cost , what a bummer . I rated this item 1-star because of the logo design and quality of material , otherwise , I would 've rated no-stars
 Being a lover of Meguiars products it was natural for me to purchase this product for my chrome wheels on my corvette . After washing the car I sprayed this on 2 wheels at a time then washed them gently and the chrome looked great . As I was drying the car I noticed my drilled slotted brake rotors were totally discolored and spotted . They are zinc plated to prevent rust and they were perfect before washing . I have been sick about this ever since . Read the label later and there is a warning that this material is corrosive . Great time to find out . Who would have thought that a cleaner for chrome would dissolve a zinc plated rotor . Plain soap and water from now on .
 One wheel shines like a mirror . The other does too , but the chrome peeled off in a few locations ! This is potent , be careful . Perhaps my car had old chrome coating , I have a PT 200517/6 Alloy .
 I 'm Sorry but I wasted my money on this . Just a piece of cheap junk .
 Bought this thinking it would be of high quality . Looks nice , but it stripped out very easily . I would not purchase again .
 This is the 2nd set of Recon lights I have purchased , first set was a set of cab lights that constantly had condensation in them . Several calls to Recon about this were no good as they only suggested resealing them which I did . Did not help . This set of dually fender lights are only 6 weeks old and 3 out of 4 are filled with condensation . I called and left a message with Recon and emailed them and no response from Recon .
 ITS TOO COMPLICATED TO INSTALL THE WIPER COWL . IT TAKES SOMEONE THAT KNOWS BODY ASSEMBLY FOR VEHICLES . THE SHAPE OF THE WIPER COWL IS NOT EVEN TO THE SHAPE OF THE VEHICLE .
 This is the second delivery that came without the advertised drawbar , ball mount , pin and clip , mounting hardware or installation instructions . As is - worthless . I 'll send it back for a second time and probably have to pay the 10 $ shipping charge again . Refund this time , no resend .
 Bought these to go with some board ramps I intended to use to load a riding mower onto a 3/4 ton pick-up . Turns out to meet the angle I would need to get the mower on the truck , the boards would have to be too long and would n't support the mower 's weight . As a result , these suckers went back and I bought premanufactured aluminum ramps . Much better and safer , I think .
 I 'm told I must focus my review on specific features of the product and my experience with it . I ordered the ramp kit because one of the features the advertisement mentioned was that it specifically fit one-inch boards , of which I had many ; instead , it fit only 7/8 boards . Therefore , I experienced an inability to use the ramp kit as it was presented and therefore , had to rework the boards in order to be able to use the kit .
 I purposely spent quite a bit of time searching for a kit that was 12 inches wide so I could use it with a 2 '' x 12 '' plank and ordered these as the description listed the width at 12.5 '' but the item that came was an 8 '' wide kit . Also the picture that is shown online does not have any size description on the box but the box that came clearly has 8 '' ramp kit on the front cover . Not cool !
 These ramp tops are about 8x8 inches , and the `` pre-formed '' mating notch will not fit standard 1.5 inch lumber . notch measures about 1.25 inches . Going back !
 While I 'm sure these are good brake rotors , the did NOT fit the 85 Toyota Celica Supra we tried to install them on . Amazon says that they will fit , but it is wrong - still.We returned them promptly , and received a full refund .
 The parts does n't fix in my car , the box does n't have brand and is too bad quality , do n't spend your money in this product .
 For the amount of money I paid , I thought it would be a very good product . The material is not micro fiber . The material felt like cheap cotton . I ended up purchasing a micro fiber bonnet at Walmart for half the price ! Do not purchase .
 I typed in REAR brake rotor , a clear picture of a rear rotor pulled up -LRB- you can tell by the casting for the parking brake -RRB- I ordered the rear rotor pair ... I received a pair of front rotors . . They are very high quality rotors ... only order if you want a front set . .
 I returned it , and lost the shipping fee , does n't look at all as it looks in the picture ... very cheap looking .
 This set is super cheap -LRB- not just the price -RRB- . You would be better off picking up a set like this at walmart .
 This mat is advertised as a `` custom fit '' . That is a false description . It is not a `` molded '' fit . It simply fits the area of the shape of the dash . It also did not come with any fastening devices .
 I returned the product unopened with an RMA over a month ago , and still have not received my credit .
 In reality , these seat covers are much more grey than they appear in the picture , but I still decided to try them out in my truck . After struggling to get them on , it was n't worth it . They do n't fit nearly as snugly as shown in the photo . The bottom fit well , but the top was baggy . It looked really bad ; I 'm returning them .
 Cheaply made , hard to put on , I am just too lazy to send it back.Once on , they look good . I figure will change in a year or so .
 I received these wheel simulators in a very timely manner within a week of the order . The front simulators would not tighten on the front wheels without distorting the inner cap with the two provided lug extension studs . I called the customer service number and was questioned regarding wheel weights . I had one 1/2 ounce weight on my right front and a 1-1/2 ounce weight on my left front . I was told these most likely were interfering with the fit ?? In addition to this , I dropped one of the rear wheel simulators and three of the pressed in lug nut caps fell out ! After this I processed a return for them . They simply did n't fit my front wheels and I ca n't recommend them due to my own experience .
 It 's a great product , and it seemed like it was of great quaality , but it did n't fit my steering wheel no matter what I tried . Maybe Suburban 's steering wheels are bigger than normal cars , but I was extremely bummed when it did n't fit and I could n't order another size . Also , the cost to ship it back was way too much to try and return the item . It was n't worth it .
 I have not received this product and I still have been billed for it . I have told UPS about this problem and I have told the company that if it is not taken care of I am contacting my visa people and having them cancel payment.Very upset , Mrs. Gurney
 It 's 11 days after I purchased a Vikings Jersey , I have not heard anything on where the jersey is , it has not shipped yet and even though I purchased it almost two weeks in advance before a birthday , I will do not have it ... Not pleased with the lack of service .
 I chose a Steelers steering wheel cover . You can tell that the Steelers print is n't going to last long against someones grip on the steering wheel . It is going to easily wear off .
 I purchased this cover to go along with my new truck . However it does n't seem to fit `` most '' cars as after hours of struggling I tried it on my wife 's car , no good either . After tying to stretch -LRB- which it does n't -RRB- pull , and pry it onto my steering wheel , the lining was torn and ideas left frustrated , so into the garbage can it went . Buyer beware .
 The Pittsburgh Steeler steering wheel cover did not fit . In my quest to make it fit it just ripped . I tried to fit it on a van steering wheel . Is there a difference between car or van ? Would have been nice to know before hand.prettyeyes
 I am not sure what kind of vehicle this was made for . I purchased this for my husband as a gift . He went to put it on the steering wheel of his truck and it did not fit . It is not strechable either . We had a laugh and he gave it to me to use in my compact car . It did not fit there either . I tried to give it to two different friends and it did not fit their steering wheels . Do not buy this product .
 This reeks , its been sitting in my garage for a year now and it still smells like tar . The smell stays on my hands if I even touch the thing ! Buy something else !!! worst.purchase.ever .
 I purchased this item for my daughter and it faded within months . We were both very disappointed .
 Sent me the wrong one . Sent me green bay packers instead of pittsburgh steelers . Sent it back and still have n't heard anything . Not happy .
 Though this product looked great and arrived in a timely matter . It did not fit my truck . We tried everything . I drive an f150 and it just would n't fit . I think I am glad it did not now after reading some of the other reviews . If I had read them first I would not have purchased this product . I could n't have dealt with the smell even if it did fit .
 Lettering came off during first hand wash ... contacted manufacturer and was told a new one would be shipped . Never received it . Stay away from this product .
 Looks good when new but the black letters fall off quickly and then it looks terrible . Plus some states now do not allow any type of frame anyway .
 They are not custom . They do n't have the custome fit holes like the factory ones have . Do n't waste the money . You can the same ones at Walmart for 39.99
 We bought this scratch remover years ago from an auto store . It was n't that expensive but totally useless . We put it on a scratch or two on our car which is black and did what it said . It did nothing except leave a white stain on the area I applied it to . I tried everything to get it off , then I had to use my last option rubbing compound.Luckily the rubbing compound got the stain off . After this I dumped the tube in our basement and lost track of it since then -LRB- Probably dumped it -RRB- . Shortly after we went to the auto store again and we found auto paint . They come in a little tube with a paint brush and each paint has a code -LRB- got to get the one for your model car -RRB- . Used it worked well and years later still looks good.Up close you can still see a scratch was there but only really up close . After that I waxed the area after the paint dried and it looked fine . Unless you look for it you will not see a scratch . So do n't buy this product either buy the auto paint or take your car to an auto body shop . This product would be better as a door stop and even then it would probably do a poor job .
 This product was suggested by a friend who had good luck with it in the past . After placing the order I waited in anticipation for it to arrive . I followed the directions and tried it in several places with minor scratches with some success . I then tried it on some more serious ones and it did next to nothing . These were n't severe at all yet this product did not even make a difference . To say the least , I was disapointed and wo n't be recommending this product .
 Product arrived quickly , packaged well . Product had little if any effect on a scratch and swirl marks . Had better luck with carnuba paste wax .
 Just bought a tube today in a store . Tried it on a couple of pretty superficial scratches - the kind that do n't go all the way through the paint , and are mostly white . Absolutely no change . A useless product . Mark
 I bought this believing that it would remove a very small scratch from my car . What a complete waste of money . I tried using it at least 10 times with various types of cloths , and pressure , nothing worked . The scratch remained exactly the same . I absolutely would never recommend thisproduct .
 Might as well have thrown my money in the toilet and flushed . Did not even remotely remove some scratches on my oven - the household version . The kids thought the miniature buffer was neat though .
 Take a very fine art brush and cheap poster paint . Paint a hairline scratch on your car.Now take some ground up instant coffee and sprinkle it on a chrome bumper and mist it with a little water to look like rust.Buff up these areas with GS27 . Like magic ; the scratch and rust are gone ! Yeah , it 's gone because there was no damage to begin with ; it was all fake.Now you know how that commercial was made so many years ago . Be smart , do n't let them take a single penny of your hard earned money .
 There was a big problem with this order ! I wanted a chrome grille , which is shown in the photo on the web-site ! How ever after ordering , I received `` 7 chrome grille inserts '' which is not what I thought I was ordering ! The web site owner said there were problems as to what photos they could use on the web site , he was very nice and resolved the issue by giving me a full refund !
 I got this to protect my front passenger seat when I had a dog riding shotgun . Unfortunately , it keeps slipping off and it 's not worth the aggravation . I would n't buy it again .
 I would not recommend this plate to anyone . Letters wore off within a month and it started to pit immediately .
 Horrible product - was excited to get them , put them on my car and after about a week some of the letters just fell right off - very disappointed .
 Yes , these are the same OEM Nissan license plate frames you can purchase from your Nissan dealer . That being said , I expected much better quality . First , out of the box , the chrome on the license plate frames was slightly pitted . Second , I went through two sets of these in two weeks . The black insert letters fell off all four license plate frames . Not what I expected !
 The sensor was damaged . The part had been sold/attempted to be installed . The threads were damaged making the part useless .
 this is a poor excuse for a seat saver . it shreds after a few months of use .
 The information provided by Amazon.com said this Oxygen Sensor would fix my 2001 Chev . Silverado 2500 HD 4X4 pickup . The connector however was not the correct type as specified by Weseloh Chevrolet , Carlsbad , CA . The type required needed rounded corner edges not squared corners.The shipment was very fast , but incorrect .
 This oxygen sensor does not fit all of the vehicles listed . Checking the AC Delco Parts website it will only fit vehicles up to 2003 . The incorrect Amazon listing indicates it will fit a 2004 Impala , which it does not .
 Only fits on the passenger side for a 2003 Hyundai Santa Fe . Even still , I could n't pull the axle with a ten pound slide hammer using this tool . I should have bought a wedge and larger pry bar instead . Save your money on this one.How I got off the axle shaft
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 I was very disappointed . They were the same price as the best floor mats at Walmart in a far less quality . I should have just purchased at Walmart and had them the same day , then pay the same for worse quality . Shipping was not too slow . My biggest disappointment was the quality . I now do not trust the product descriptions from this seller .
 The things on the back of the car mat are too short and do n't hold . I 'm always adjusting the floor mats .
 I 'll try to post a picture , but these are beige , not gray . But , they ARE marked , and factory sealed as gray . I 'm assuming they are the beige version , and maybe there was a mistake ... but I dont think I 'd chance it ... these are definitely not gray ... now I have to deal with a return !!
 What is on the picture and what was sent was wrong . I am still waiting for my refund - over 2 mos .
 I just received my mats and the Grey color is almost Black and not at all as shown in the photograph on Amazon . I have never seen a Grey car interior that is this dark , and it is n't even close to the carpeted grey mats from the same seller -LRB- unless those photos are also deceiving -RRB- . However , they do not smell bad . I have not tried them in the car yet because I am considering returning them and do not want to unpackage them until I decide what to do .
 The only reason this item is priced this high is because `` they can '' . They feel they have the diesel community at their mercy !!
 I bought this product for my 1998 Jeep Wrangler . 6 months in they had cracked in multiple spots by the collector . After 3 months of being run around I finally got a warranty out of the company I bought them from . Rugged Ridge themselves were NO help ! Would not stand behind their product ! After I got the new set I was told that the warranty would not start over with the new ones but would still apply to original purchase date ! So guess what ... 6 months later and I have yet another set cracked that NO ONE will do anything about ! Do not buy Rugged Ridge !
 The part was delivered on time but was obviously not what was shown on the website ... part is used and not of the same brand and not even the same color !! Would not recommend ordering from site ... go somewhere else that wo n't falsely sell products !!!! Very unhappy with purchase !!!!!!!!
 Upon receipt of the product I quickly determined they were incorrect for my vehicle . Since they are a bulky , heavy item it was not cost effectiveto return them , so I elected to absorb the cost . Very untypical for Amazon to send an incorrect size , but they depend on their suppliers , so disappointing but understandable .
 I had bought it from different place , marketed there specifically as ball joint remover -LRB- not tie rod remover -RRB- , but it 's the same tool , that never worked for me - worse , it almost destroyed the threads on ball joint 's bolt , and never removed the ball joint , anyway .1 - the part that is supposed to push on the bolt is shaped to fit the bolt end , inviting user to put it over the bolt with the nut removed - wrong ! This little pusher has freedom to move , so if -LRB- or , rather when -RRB- tool moves around , it 'll skew to one side and smash bolt threads there .2 - the tool starts rotating and generally moving around when used - it 'll try to rotate when its bolt is being tightened hard , moving itself off center , causing issue # 1 and not being efficient due to pushing off the bolt 's center . The shape of the tool makes it nearly impossible to prevent rotation .3 - not sure if that was just particular tool that I got , but either mating surface is not perpendicular to the bolt axis , or it starts bending under pressure - when tightened hard , it 'll just start slipping off the control arm , requiring user to control one more direction ... Returned , and swore to never use this type of tool . It may or may not work on lighter applications - however , that 'd be a wild guess , as design flaws still apply .
 According to fitment listed , this part should work on my 2000 Ford Explorer XLT 4.0 L SOHC -LRB- Vin `` E '' -RRB- motor . While the head gaskets were correct , I had to order some of these gaskets separately because the ones included in the kit were incorrect . Purchased this particular kit because of the excellent price . I wish I had just gone ahead and purchased the kit offered by Advance Auto Parts instead . It was $ 50 more , but at least it probably would have been correct . Very disappointed in how much money was wasted here . A partial refund by the seller would be appropriate .
 The gasket kit came with a lower intake manifold gasket broken in half and stuffed in the box ! What kind of people does Fel-Pro have stuffing their boxes ? The head gaskets have no clear indicator as to which side is up , nor are there any instructions . The package states clearly that it is not returnable if opened , so unless you have x-ray vision , its a total crap shoot if you get a useful product . I have worked on cars on and off for 30 years and have used Fel-Pro products many times , but this was the first time I bought Fel-Pro in a few years . Clearly their quality has has gone down the tubes . This is the absolute last time I buy anything from Fel-Pro .
 Check at Zero Gravity before ordering . This is not a Double Bubble windscreen.For this item , the Double Bubble is pictured , but is actually a standard replacement windscreen .
 One of the photographs of this product shows that there is a ball mount included with the receiver . The description says that the ball is not included but does not mention the ball mount which I expected to be in the box . I opened it today and there was no ball mount there . I could have bought this for $ 17 less on ebay and would have done so if I 'd known that the product was not as presented in the photograph .
 I 've owned a set of this type before and they were great , but this one is not . There is no strap to hold it in place so every time you get in the car you have to prop the back part up again - more irritating if your hands are full or you 're trying to get in just right with a skirt or coat on . Also this one only comes up to about the middle of my shoulder blades so it 's very annoying to lean back on.Find one that has straps , is taller , and maybe even comes in a set . I know it 's out there , I used to own it !
 THE FLOOR MAT THEY HAVE IN THERE PICTURE LOOKS NICE IT HAS A CUP HOLDER , THE ONE I RECIVED IS PLAIN FLAT.IT 'S A SHAME I WAITED SO LONG AND I COULD OF BOUGHT IT IN MY AUTO STORE CHEAPER .
 wrong decals ... wrong size ... wrong design ... not made to put on anything but a perfevtly flat surface . Would say they suck , but the small Harley shields where useful
 Back when the coast guard in Canada and the USA allowed these to fill in as a floatation device , they were used by the hundreds of thousands and were made with real closed cell foam inside . Now that they are only legal as a class IV throwable many people must have stopped buying them just to sit on and the ` make it cheaper ' line of thinking has caused a major change in the way they are made . Now you can get them for less because instead of using real durable foam , they substitute about 15 sheets of 1/8 inch thick white packing foam and a few thick plastic stiffener sheets instead . This is fine for use as a never used emergency throw but it does not work to sit on . In one month of daily use the foam crushes down from over 2 inches thick to less than 1/2 inch and worst of all the sheets scoot around , curl up and the cushion is uncomfortable even before it is trash.There are still a few quality type IV cushions out there like the Stearns brand which still have the real closed cell foam in a cloth cover and even commercial quality for fire departments and such which are made by Jim-Buoy and you will only need to buy them once ... for life . They cost on average about $ 35 to $ 40 retail and are available online so if you plan to use it to sit on instead of stowed as an emergency throw , then spend the extra money and do n't buy the cheaper quality product !
 The item that I ordered which was described as a blue CANVAS boat cushion turned out to be a blue NYLON boat cushion that I could have purchased at Wal-Mart for $ 7.00 . After payin shipping I paid over $ 16.00 for the same thing . This is a boat cushion that I have been looking for and have been unable to find and I thought that I had found it here . I thought that after reading the description that I would get what was decribed ... Not soTherefore I am Not happy with this service and will not use it again .
 This cushion seems cheaply made . The innards consist of individual 1/8 '' foam sheets , which result in the cushion lacking any substantive structure . Technically , it qualifies as a Type IV PFD . However , I only plan to use it as a last resort in emergencies . Does n't look like it would hold up well as a seat cushion though .
 Worked ok for the first few months I used it . I 'm 5 ' 10 , 170lbs and it 's fairly comfortable with the adjustable headrest.I began finding ball bearings scattered across the garage floor and realized it was from two of the casters that fell apart -LRB- explains why it always felt like one of the casters were dragging -RRB- . For two new casters it 's $ 20 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- . That 's nearly half of what I paid for this creeper shipped so I think I 'm going to look into buying a higher quality creeper instead .
 try another hitch number as this hitch is just close.only one hole alined , the other two had to be drilled.the receiver is way under the bumper . DOSE NOT FIT A CHEVY S10 AS STATED.USE TO BE A GOOD COMPANY.must be a Obama thing . .
 This product is just a little back pillow , not a seat cover . The pillow is nice and comfy , but I 'm rating it bad because the title lies .
 Does n't work on a 2005 Tacoma as the unit is sealed . Was a poor purchase . Site misled me to believe it was for the vehicle mentioned .
 The price is for a brake hose with proportioning valve . Yet when they ship there was no proportioning valve , but i was charged for it.Tehey sent a replacement , but with thr same result , no proportioning valve , again , only the rubber hose was shipped in the box .
 Imak Ergonomic Back Cushion # 30122 - Imak ProductsAfter reading the reviews on this product I ordered it with confidence that I would be pleased . As it turns out , I am not . I find it to be just an average product , and should have spent the extra money on a firmer lumbar cushion . This one has so little support in its center . It 's not something I would recommend if you 're looking for a high quality firm support for your back .
 Pillow is made of low quality foam that is way too soft to provide adequate support . If the pillow sits in the sun , it becomes even softer ... the knobby things do n't do much for me . Pillow is definitely not a value given its pricing . A pillow is probably best bought in a store where you can see if it performs to your liking .
 I bought this for my son to use in the car , he is 16 and learning to drive and has back issues . The first day he used it the strap broke and he said it is not very comfortable . I would not recommend buying this , I am looking for a better one for my son .
 Picture makes this product look a bit fancy . Something you 'd see in Sharper Image or on a space shuttle . It 's a good little pillow , but that 's about it . I tried to use this in my Ford Ranger to provide lower back support . It started out great . Then the strap broke . Now , a few months later it 's a flat , lifeless little thing that falls on the ground every time I get out of the vehicle . Not worth the money . If you need back support while driving , just use one of the little pillows in the guest room . You know , the one on the rocking chair that says `` Worlds Greatest Fisherman '' or something , and save your money .
 It looked great and I was really pleased when I got it . However , after the first use I found that there is no structure to the product . The back slides down as soon as you get in and tends to crumple towards one side or another . I guess it was my fault that I assumed there was some kind of plastic cording or wire that would help stabilize the `` seat '' . If there was a tie that would hold the back up , that would have helped . I am very sorry for this purchase .
 We have the same exact cushion - purchased a couple of years ago with the same Saddleman logo , that had much better and thicker cushioning . The material on these newer editions -LRB- at least both of the ones I ordered -RRB- were coming unglued from the inner cushion . Very flimsy in general , which is too bad , because we loved the old Elegant/Saddleman product . We have searched high and low on the internet and all the auto parts stores for a quality bubble cushion , but we are convinced that they no longer exist .
 The picture of this product is deceiving . The actual cover is too narrow and too short to cover my car seat adequately . The beads are not as polished as those of the cover I had several years ago . And I just saw Walmart is selling a very similar seat cover for under $ 9 . It was returned .
 I use them for a year . . Some peaces of wood keep going out of the beaded and the wires inside are not well cut so it go out damaging my cloth . I wish Icould return them
 the price is right , but it is not as big as it looks . The bottom is nowhere near wide enough to be comfortable , your legs are always half off and you fight with the bottom to stay put everytime you get in/out . -LRB- I 'm a 175lb man -RRB- I enjoy beaded seat covers and I 'm a big rig driver so I 'm telling you spend more $ and buy one larger . It 's worth it .
 Well , the price was right and it was Amazon Prime eligible and I could have it in time for my Labor day trip . I placed the order August 29 and was expecting it August 31 . It had not arrived by the time I hit the road the evening of September 1 . Oh well , it will still be nice to have . When I finally got around to installing it , it clearly was not designed for my vehicle . The heating vents did not match the cut outs and there was a large piece of extra material that just covered up my glove box . It 's a shame and the very first bad experience I 've had with Amazon . And to learn that they expect me to eat the return cost ... that 's just wrong in my opinion . BIG FAIL !!!
 The spring is sold as a single unit at the price of a pair of the compations.The company rep did not seem to give a crap.I also had to pay the restokcing fee so there went my free shipping refund . Lession learned do n't buy from these rip off artists period !!!!!!!!!!!! PS Amason was very helpfull thanks guy 's
 It did n't work . I do n't know why . The product arrived quickly etc , but it did n't charge my phone .
 One word
 I bought 2 bottles of DEI Radiator Relief . Thought , maybe something New ! NOPE ! Same old Dope ! I have a stock V-8 Jeep , that has always had a nagging cooling problem . Tried them all , Wetter Water , other brands , all mixes of antifreeze , & plain water -LSB- distilled -RSB- . Tried one bottle , plenty-per instructions ! With no difference , added the second , bottle . NO . IT DOES NOT WORK !
 Do n't buy Wagner brakes of any kind . I thought I was getting high quality brakes but they suck for real . After 2 weeks they started to squeak and now is not bearable . I m going to have change them with OEM 's and pay again for labor . What a Joke.Don ' t buy Wagner Brakes read all the reviews on amazon about this brake maker company .
 I like the pitch of this product but it wo n't allow the proper use of my ESPAR blockheater due to it 's viscosity.Soooo , OEM compatable ? Not really ...
 This product will blow out as soon as you turn your car on , these products never work and never have worked . just get your exhaust fixed and stop being so cheap .
 Item is standard Permatex . Shipping took forever . I 'd advise going to a local store . It was just something I remembered that I needed while I was on Amazon , so I ordered it ... then for the next 10 days I would n't buy it at a local store because I was expecting it `` the next day '' .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 they charge me i never got my package from this people never got a problem b4 but i dont know who to call
 The cleaner is too loose and doesnt remove even the lightest grease . I used the old stuff even stains on clothing and it worked great . The only reason it only comes in two huge containers is that you will never buy it again .
 This was a cart-filler for me to get free shipping , and as such it was pretty cheap at the time.I would not purchase it again , although it does an OK job for light handwashing after auto repair chores . It has no abrasive , by design , which means it just ca n't hack the heavier grime that gets embedded it the hand wrinkles , etc.Permatex makes a similar product with pumice , and I 've been satisfied with that .
 This company has poor customer service . I needed to return an item and they would not call me back . I would not buy anything from this company ever again .
 These suction cups turned out to be really cheap junk.Bolts pulled out of them with very light wrench pressure . -LRB- about 2 to 3 inch pounds -RRB- Do n't know what they could be used for that would not require the mounting hardware to hold them in place .
 This plate looked great for a year then it started to pit . If you live where theres no snow you should be fine .
 The price may be right , but mine came without mounting hardware . It clearly was one that someone had returned without returning the hardware .
 I bought the kit in hopes of improving my fuel economy . The instructions made it a relatively easy install but the filter had a stud on the small end that gouged the paint on my radiator support when I tried to install it onto the tube . I ground the stub off so that it would not do further damage when I cleaned the filter in the future.The filter indicator -LRB- the little round thing that 's supposed to tell you when the filter is getting plugged -RRB- is not visible because it plugs into the smaller end of the filter assembly and can not be seen when the filter is clamped in place . There is no splash shield to keep water from splashing up onto the filter when driving in puddles either . Lastly , it 's difficult to change the filter because the upper mount for the tube going to the turbo must be removed to allow enough room to take the filter off.It did sound good , but I found no change in fuel economy over the factory unit and ultimately removed it and put a high flow cleanable filter into the factory filter enclosure
 Use this if your forearms or wrists hurt and you need a break from the hard work of wax removal . It will help , but you will still have to wipe up after it and you will do a better job . I am very disappointed that there are two speeds but that the first speed is useless . The Ryobi that I gave away last year had only one speed and claimed to have the same rpm . It was , in fact , weaker . Perhaps it has an inferior motor . I do n't know but this one left wax even though I flipped the terry cloth pad and followed up with a lambs wool -LRB- not included -RRB- pad . My dad has a variable speed Ryobi that he says is good . Neither Home Depot or Osh sold anything worth getting . Well , Osh had a Milwaulkee -LRB- not sure spelling -RRB- for $ 189 but the salesman said they make one in the $ 89 range that would be safer in the hands of the inexperienced shine-obsessed person . Ugh ... black cars ... and the search continues .
 These blew out -LRB- became inoperable -RRB- in less than 2 years . Kinda bogus . I had hoped for better construction , especially for the price .
 I tested a battery that I bought with this . Testing each cell showed each cell to be in the low fair range . So I took the battery back where I bought it and they tested it with their equipment which showed the battery to be good ? So the battery is either good or the salesman is lying ? The battery red light is still coming on in the car ????
 The product was sent back for the seller to reship the proper parts . have not heard from anyone yet and its been over three weeks .
 I purchased this and it has high dose of lead and should not be around small children or pregnant women .
 looks decent , but the lighting is very dim and cheap . oh yeah , the so called brand new `` sending unit '' doesnt work so the product is a failure . i have heard recent complaints about sunpros gauges . all negative . do not buy .
 It jumps a lot , I tried several ways of installing it . I adjusted location , even tried to put a second reducer to dampen out any pulses . I tried a couple different signal wire types , and needless to say it still jumped all over the place . I purchased the Sunpro mechanical oil pressure gauge and it works great , although I did have to run an oil line into the car .
 Item was sent and it took more than 2 weeks to receive , they claim it was custom made . The seat covers were n't even close to what I had . Even the head rest was the wrong shape . I wanted to return the item and then I got attitude from the seller . This was a gift for Christmas , they drug their feet getting back to me -LRB- AUTO BARN -RRB- on wanting it returned . For 150 bucks and wrong fit I think I should be able to return it . FINALLY they said I could , then make me do all this other ectra stuff , pay for shipping to return and then drag their feet on getting me my money back . FINALLY I get an email stating I can have my refund but they shorted me $ 10 dollars . That might not seem like alot but I paid for shipping BOTH ways and then they short me !
 No problem programming the Fob . Problem is it interferes with the Radio and it does not ding for acknowledgment -LRB- therefore one needs to be right by the car to make sure it has locked -RRB- I have left my lights on numerous times for I have not been alerted when leaving the car -LRB- issue when it 's not dark outside but overcast -RRB- . The car started locking on its on and to the point of locking me out and not letting the key unlock it -LRB- actually the locks went bezerk . -RRB- Reprogramed it again and that has helped but it is still locking on it 's own but not as frequent . Always Leary !
 It is not bright as mentioned in the description.Hardly veisable.the original car lights are brighter.i do not recomend any one to buy it .
 overall everything about this products is weak does n't spray straight or evenly , you get more on your fingers than you do on your project
 I originally had the Yamaha shop install them , but since they were still loose and screwed up still I re-installed them the second time ... it was n't the dealer . The first problem I had was that the stems loosened up , that was because the set screws do n't seem to work . The set screws are steel and the threads that they go in to are steal , I 've replaced one stem and now both are loose . That 's three stems that are screwed up . The other problem is that it 's very hard to adjust the mirrors due to them moving every time I tighten up the mirror screws which moves the mirrors and then I ca n't move the mirrors . Back to square one . The first stem I had replaced because the threads were toast due to the set screw and there was excesive chrome on it . The right mirror now has a stripped screw and I did n't even tighten it very tight . Both mirrors move when I get above 80mph with mild head winds . I 'm taking them off tomorrow and getting a refund . Bottom line ... their lemons . Waste of time , money , effort , and undue stress . Thanks Kuryakyn . Now I know why people call them Crappyakyn .
 Received the mirrors on time but the right mirror had chrome defects !! where is the QC ?!! I would n't reccomend buying it if you are reshipping it overseas because the cost or returning it is the same cost of buying a new one !!
 This sticker is cheap crap . Marines , do yourself a favor and spend 10 bucks for a nice one . Semper Fi .
 This is not a good item to purchase . The manufacturer or distributor of of the sticker put an inventory control sticker right over the top of the seal . The inventory sticker affixed was too big for the unused `` carded '' portion of the package so the sticker was placed at the very top covering the unused part and roughly 10mm of the sticker part . Would n't be a big deal if the inventory tag was a static sticker or light adhesive but this thing is anchored like gorilla glued . It is designed to NOT COME OFF the product it is attached to and some human being stuck it right on the logo ! What about the back - that would n't have bothered anybody ! The product is what I would call a crack and peel with even the backing in a clear material - ? Would n't that be more expensive to produce and require the use of 100 % virgin material ? Now I 'm getting heated.I ca n't understand why this sticker would not be die cut . There is no conceivable purpose to having a clear square border and I can only assume it is sold this way because it is cheaper to cut a square than to cut around the outline of the seal . The mostly clear sticker square surrounding the seal is going to be shoddy looking - NOT SHARP , especially over time ! In fact no way am I going to put it on my sharp car . Shame on the being who stuck the sticker and shame on the Mitchell Proffitt Company for not making the product to logical specs like making the disposable parts from cheaper AND recycled material and furthermore by improving the appearance of the product with a simple production change .
 I just bought a new car and wanted to display my pride in my son , my Marine . However this decal is cheaply printed on a large plastic square , when placed on the car you see numerous bubbles all around it . Although in hindsight I could have cut a circle around the decal it did n't occur to me that I would have to alter a $ 5 decal before placing it on my car . I in turn removed it threw it in the garbage and bought one in person where I could see the quality . Not usually a problem with Amazon : - -LRB-
 When I got the gauge it was reading 140 degrees . After I installed it and warmed the car up it was reading 250 degrees . Obviously not working properly . I returned it and bought a cheaper gauge that works much better . Was not happy with the quality for the price I paid . I 'm sure not all their gauges are this bad I was just the lucky one this time .
 I used this product , as recommended in `` SVO ; Powering Your Vehicle With Straight Vegetable Oil '' , in converting my Dodge Ram 2500 to run on waste vegetable oil to seal the threads on all of my fittings and valves . This turned out to be a HUGE mistake . Nearly every single joint leaked within a month . I have had to re-do every connection with yellow -LRB- gas-rated -RRB- teflon tape , and now have no leaks . I do n't know if it was the temperature -LRB- within the supposed operating range of the product -RRB- or the solvent power of diesel/wvo -LRB- although many of my coolant joints also leaked -RRB- . Either way , stay away from this sealant for diesel , vegetable oil , or coolant connections .
 I bought Husky Liners for my 2012 Nissan Frontier Crew Cab . They appear to have been molded for an older model or something because they do n't fit . Example is the `` pedal '' on the left side of the drivers side . It creates a big lump under the mat which does not accomodate that . The mat is molded for a flat space . Perhaps the mats were molded for a manual transmission ? Not sure . But they just do n't fit well .
 I thought I received a driver side mirror form Best price Mirror for my 2002 Tahoe and they sent a Kool vue driver side box with a passenger side mirror .
 These are certainly what you pay for . Made of some type of composite leather and the bottoms are n't even hemmed . They were cut and left as such , and cut uneaven on top of that . I 'll be returning them . I would n't even use these for looks let alone expect any type of protection from it .
 There may have been a size chart at one time , but there is n't now . Any ideas where to find one ?
 They `` looked '' okay but aside from that very disappointed . This was definitely a case of you get what you pay for . They did n't have that nice leather smell ... More like that awful manure smell . But the worst part was that the leather lacing in the back broke the first day.My advice ? Spend the money on a good pair .
 I was wary about these because of the low price , but the reviews here and on on Jafrum 's website persuaded me . When they arrived , my wariness increased . While the leather was high quality , and felt like the $ 200 pair I outgrew , the zippers and snaps were not . 50 miles into a 600 mile trip , the zipper on the right leg broke . I do n't think it would have been too expensive to use good steel YKK zippers , instead of cheap aluminum . Not happy.I gave two stars , because the leather is nice , but the zipper exploding on the highway is something of a deal breaker . Also , if you decide the zipper thing is worth the risk , use the size chart . It 's accurate .
 LO CATALOGO DE UN MAL SERVICIO POR QUE NI EL TRACKING ME HAN ENVIADO Y QUIERO MI PEDIDO POR QUE HACE 10 DIAS QUE DEBIO DE LLEGAR Y NO HA LLEGADO
 My friend recommended this item and I was excited to get one for Myself , My Mom , and My Dad . Unfortunately although my friend loved it It did not work for me or my parents . I found that I can park better by eye and the battery is always dying . I also found that a 2X4 right where the tire should stop works good too .
 This device never worked right from the beginning . Everytime I reset it , it would work for a few times and then it would go right back to not functioning . I tried fresh batteries and the adaptor . VERY troublesome . You have to fiddle with the position of it all the time to get it to work . It was n't worth the time to send it back . I just tossed it into the trash .
 I was replacing my struts on my 05 Subaru Outback , and wanted to top off my new struts with new mounts , but was forced to re-use my old mounts . Due to the mount studs not matching up with my car -LRB- too small -RRB- .
 Kraco made some good matts , ordered 2 to match my front . One was thick durable , the other was flimsy and cheap . They look identical yet one is hard rubber the other feels like a laytex condom . 5 stars for one , 1 for the other .
 sounds awful , the tubing they provide slides off when the horn is blown so i had to buy new stuff , it sounds so bad I 'm embarrassed to ever use it .
 you get what you pay for the dixie land 5 Trumpets , is a very sorry package , you will have to go out and buy extra hose , mounting gear just to install . you given no instructions on how to intall , just the hardware , do n't waste your money on the product spend more money and get a better set
 have only used this horn about 20 times . it will no longer work . what a disappointment . i do not recomend buying this .
 The keys arrived promptly . I took them to a locksmith who ground them , then tested the keys in the ignition . The keys turned in the lock but would not start the car . The locksmith disassembled the keys to examine the microchip . The chip is not the correct model for the 2006 Honda . The locksmith gave me the correct chip number . I contacted the seller , DiscountKeyless . I informed them that the keys had the wrong chip and told them which chip I needed . DiscountKeyless told me that I would have to return the keys and would have to pay the difference in price between the incorrect keys and new keys . When told that the keys were already cut , Discount told me to contact a Honda dealer , tell them the VIN and get the correct FCC ID number for the keys . The person I spoke with was not interested in providing simple , useful help.DiscountKeyless has not provided either the correct items or reasonable customer service
 Purchase this inverter for my rv , within two days the led screen stopped working , only shows part of the voltage numbers . The cables that came with the unit are to large for a standard 12 volt plug . Going to try and return the unit .
 Picture presents what looks like a full replacement set of door and ignition lock cylinders . However , I received only the ignition lock cylinder today and a small bag with soiled nitrile -LRB- purple -RRB- gloves in an overly large box . Whereas the replacement item will work in the application . It would have been cheaper to get the full set locally , which is what I was after , and not have to dispose of the shippers trash . I wonder if that is how they justify their stiff shipping fees ? Let the buyer beware ...
 The item look good but not work good after six month star give me problem I am a mechanic all The time I work with brake but I DO NOT RECOMEND THIS POOR QUALITY BRAKE DISC.BUY BENDIX I RECOMENDED .
 These rotors are terrible , warped within a month of instalaltion . They also runined the wagner premium brake pads I pruchased ...
 Ordered the rotors on Dec 19 and was billed on 20th . Since it qualifies for free shipping , I took advantage of it . I was provided a UPS tracking # that does not return any result until the 29th when it finally say `` item in transit '' . To make things worse , the expected delivery date is Jan 5 , 2010 . Give me a break ! , this is 16 days after I placed the order . IF I ONLY KNEW IT WOULD THIS LONG , I WON `` T EVEN BOTHER ORDERING THIS ITEM FROM AMAZON OF ALL PLACES . This is a turnoff and could be the last time I 'm ordering through AMAZON . This is a lesson I want to share with you all and hopefully you do n't fall for the same b.s.
 Purchased 1/09 already broke . Price was good but labor to install a part that will fail in a few years made it a poor buy .
 I 'm on my 4th switch now , the first one quit working when I washed my bike , the 2nd & 3rd fried and quit working with no water involved . I just read another review where a guy said that his quit working after he hit a rain storm . You would think that a company like Kuryakyn would make a quality waterproof switch , after all the Lizard light cost about 350 and I was hoping for top quality .
 So I bought these rotors from Amazon , which I figured should be fine because almost every purchase from Amazon is good . Not so much with this one . These rotors are NOT slotted as seen in the sample picture . That 's a big deal . The bigger deal is they did n't fit my 2007 Sonata . Not even close . Of course ... you do n't find this out until you rip your old rotor and brakes off , essentially decommissioning your car until you can buy a replacement.I 'm not sure who dropped the ball here but THANKS ! I 've got my car on jack stands until I can order rotors local . At least they arrive next day to the store so I 'm only out a car for a day .
 It 's hard to say if this is a great product or not because it only hooks up to battery with alligator clamps not the cigarette lighter like the other one I had . So , this is not going to be easy but it will have to be hardwired to the battery . UGH this is not a quick easy to go with so that my family can travel with a place to charge all the electronics or a TV ... so it 's kind of a waste for me because it 's going to have to be mounted in one vehicle and with alot more effort .
 ANT_ON_LINE will not work with me to get a refund as the item is not what they have in their advertisement and I ca n't use it as it arrived!The Whistler product may be great , but they should not use ANT ON LINE as a dealer if they are not responsible for their ads or to their clients .
 when i buyed this part it saids it was for a ford ranger 2006 , thi does not fit my car it is definetly the wrong part for any ford ranger , it is a shame and because i am very far now the return will be very expensive so the best thing to do with it is just trow it to the trash , bad very bad
 They quickly became pitted , and started showing signs of rust in a very short period of time . I would opt for solidstainless steel anchors in the future , realizing of course they 're going to cost more .
 For the price the cuality of this product is not that great Ithink this product is expensive the materials in it they look very cheap .
 The website claims these injectors fit flex fuel engines . My 2004 Tahoe Z71 is a Flex Fuel truck and these injectors wo n't work . The `` See all vehicles this product fits '' section of this products listing needs to be completely redone . Otherwise , they appear to be high quality injectors at a great price .
 We purchased our Zip Net to secure a load on the interior of our SUV . First use was a bit difficult - making adjustments was n't that easy . On the return trip , it was a bit easier to sort out since we had already used it . We then stored the Zip Net in the back of our SUV . It 's been about a year since we used it , but today we pulled it out and three of the hooks broke . We were shocked that the hooks just snapped in half where they connect to the cords . Fortunately we did n't have the cargo net under a lot of tension when the breaks occurred .
 The only issue I have with these floormats is that they are not compatible to the OEM grommet system . The grommets in these floormats are too large and do not snap onto the floor pegs that the OEM mats snap onto so they do not stay in place - they are not the same color as the carpet and are very black on a light colored carpet . I will use them in one position for a day or 2 to see if they can work out ...
 if they gave it to me for free , I will not use it . It 's thin , smelly , and makes your skin itchy . returned for a refund the very next day
 Absolutely miserable customer service . Before you order this product ask them if you can get a parts list with it and see what they say . I ca n't get anyone near me to work on this -LRB- brand new -RRB- item due to the reputation of these Chinese made products and when I call , the people at Powersportsmax ca n't even tell me what part numbers I need when I tell them the model # I have . I 've had it for 4 months now and it just broke down for the 3rd time and I 'm done with it . This company is the worst I 've ever dealt with . I recommend before buying that you call and feel out the customer service as if you already own it and see what they will be like when dealing with them in the future .
 These floor liners do not fit very well . You have to cut tabs off to make them kinda fit . The tabs are not a big deal to cut that really is n't the complaint . When your done cutting them down they still do n't want to sit on the floor nicely . I have had them in my Superduty for about 3 weeks and I am not very impressed . I have purchased floor mats for other rigs that fit a lot better .
 If possible , avoid this kind of `` one size fits all '' hitch , with bits that slide and lock against one another , and has been described to me by a hitch installer as a `` tinkertoy '' hitch . I prefer one-piece receiver hitches that are custom to my vehicle . They can be lighter -LRB- think ease of installation and mileage -RRB- , and have a lower profile -LRB- clearance -RRB- that hugs the muffler , avoids the spare tire , etc -LRB- appearance -RRB- . Custom hitches are also cheaper , in most cases!Super Saver shipping or Amazon Prime free shipping can be a huge factor in shipping a 45 pound hitch , so Amazon is a good choice if you can find the hitch you need.A little advice
 Badly designed and does not fit a 2001 Jeep Cherokee as claimed . The brackets that bolt to the undercarriage do not have holes that match holes in the undercarriage , and you have to drill extra holes in the 1/4 '' steel . Not easy unless you have access to a large drill press . The brackets are angled wrong ; you 're supposed to be able to install the drawbar on the side brackets had have it parallel the bumper and frame . The brackets do not permit this . When installed , they point inward at the wrong angle making the drawbar virtually impossible to install . STAY AWAY FROM THIS CRAPPY HITCH !
 I have order the black ones for my new 2012 rx 350 and it was perfect but this one whicj was for an older model was TERRIBLE . It was too bulky ... Consider getting the new models . it fits way better ~ !!!
 I was expecting a mat that covered the entire floor area of the drivers side . This mat left a lot of floor space exposed each side even though I filled in all the correct information reguarding make , model etc of my car .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 when reviewing the item online , it stated there was one cover in the package - there is actually two . I purchased 2 packages thinking I would get 2 seat covers . Instead each package contains 2 seat covers , now I have 4 and only needed 2 . The edge color appeared to be alot less brown . The actual color of the edge is brown not tan . The type of fabric should also be stated . I was expecting microfiber as the photo appeared to be but it was not . It was more of a heavy linen type fabric with a diagonal pattern on it that did not show in the picture online .
 Pro
 Great looking seat covers in my opinion but they do n't last ! I installed them to protect the leather seats on one my cars -LRB- which is not a daily driver -RRB- and the driver 's side seat cover had a run in the fabric after only four drives ! I kid you not , the fabric ran after after less about 150 miles of driving !
 I received these replacement mats for Christmas . The carpet is very nice , but the mats are not as pictured and are smaller than the photo without holes to secure them to factory tabs in floorboard . I will be returning these . Cheaper to buy directly from Ford .
 I purchased these to mount on my 2003 TJ windshield , the first 2 years they worked great but started to rust . My jeep is always hand washed and I even waxed the lights when I waxed my jeep . Within 3 years I noticed rust in the same area on both lights , at 5 years they stopped working -LRB- but I kept them installed because I liked the look -RRB- , and at 6 years I removed them because they split apart from all the rust , also I was tired of scrubbing the rust streaks off my jeep.There was a significant amount of power drain when these lights are running . I am switching to LED for a large reduction in power usage .
 The first console I ordered was missing the removable CD/Cassette storage and litter bin . I sent it back and ordered again in the charcoal color . This time , they sent a complete console but it was black . It was a gift and I did n't have time to return it for another one . All that said , it is a nice inexpensive unit if you can get all the parts and in the correct color ordered .
 I 've had these for nearly 5 months . They look and perform well . I think they are overpriced for what they are . Worth $ 25 for the pair , not $ 45 plus . My biggest complaint is that they emit a chemical off-gassing smell . I am not sure why -LRB- cheap plastic -RRB- but they still give my car an off oder after nearly 5 months of use . It is particularly bad on sunny days when parked car heats up.Avoid unless you do n't mind chemically oder .
 Mats were advertised to be custom fit . They have to be cut down to size and do not fit at all . This should have been explained in the product description
 These are NOT fitted mats for your BMW 3 Series . They need to be cut , trimmed , and fitted to match the contours of your vehicles floor . The product discription misleads one to belive these are custom fitted mats , not one word about cutting and trimming for fitment.If your considering buying these mats , do yourself a favor and go to your local Big Box auto store and buy a set of $ 20 dollar generic mats as these are not worth 3x the cost .
 Price was right , fit the truck fine . But , broke after 6000 miles and left me stranded 3 hrs from my powerless house after hurricane Sandy . I was trying to acquire a generator . That was a rough few days . Either way , the mechanic was convinced I had a pulley issue but after exam I did not , just a faulty belt .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 This is esentially dollar store quality . The connectors are garbage - and the assembly of the wiring harnesses is done with no apparent pride in workmanship . If you do n't notice and fix these problems yourself , you may short your battery , and if you are really unlucky you 'll ruin your car 's electronics - like the engine control module.You can do much better with other brands , who are n't playing off their has been brand name from the 1970 's .
 I would not recommend this seller because it was the wrong part and they would only credit me $ 5.87 if I were to return the part . This product would have worked if I wanted to cut the original plug off and put wire connectors on but who wants to do that when their is nothing wrong with the plug it self . It was not the part that was advertised on their product listings . Very disappointed in the product .
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 The item came packaged with the wrong gaskets . Not all of the gaskets were the wrong ones , but the moment I opened the box , it was clearly evident the valvew cover gaskets were the wrong ones ... . And the packaging the gaskets come in is what they are shipped in . DOES NOT SURIVIVE UPS !!!!!!!!!!!
 Good Cigar ashtray , I used it for mainly churchills and robustos . Fits excellent . Downside
 Low rating due to Amazon , not the item itself.This is for a base model Sentra . What Amazon fails to recognize is that this WILL NOT fit the SE-R or SE-R Spec V , or any other model that has the factory strut bar . If you have a strut bar this item WILL NOT FIT .
 The description had no warnings that this part will not fit with SE-Rs and Spec Vs , as those cars have strut bars and the bolt that goes through the strut bar is not long enough . I went all over town looking for a longer exact bolt but could not find one to no avail . I 'm sure this will fit for any of the other models -LRB- GE , GXE , etc -RRB- except for SE-R and Spec Vs. Beware .
 This product was a total waste when i recieved it.It was very unsensitive and could not detect the refrigerant even when it was placed directly in front a open tank of r134a.A waste of money . . Of course i purhased it online.I live in the caribbean , so returning the product is a big costly problem for me . . so i hav to just discard it . . A lot ofg hard earned money down the drain . . So much for robin air . . It really was `` robin '' me .
 I had high hopes for this device . I have been chasing a slow leak in the A/C of my hot rod for months . First the device could not seem to detect anything at all . So I took it to my local A/C guy to compare it to his version . He squirted a little coolant in the air and the device suddenly sprang to life ... and never again shut off . I changed the tip , replaced the batteries , nothing seemed to be able to stop it . So it went from nothing at all to alarm all the time . Not very helpful .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 The product pictured in the posting is not the product I received from the seller `` Powersports Superstore '' . I received a pop off gauge , but it is not a Mikuni part . The gauge I received appears to have no branding at all anywhere . I have contacted the seller to find a solution , but I would exercise extreme caution if you plan to purchase from this seller .
 Turns out I got a cover too small . I like the color , but needs to be larger . Will ensure that an XXL is ordered next time .
 I was trying to save a few bucks and it backfired as it often does . These mats are very flimsy , do n't stay put , and tend to bunch up around my feet which can cause issues and hazards when trying to focus on the pedals . I hear the clear version is a little stiffer and might not move aorund as much , but the black and gray ones have the same issues .
 I was trying to save a few bucks and it backfired as it often does . These mats are very flimsy , do n't stay put , and tend to bunch up around my feet which can cause issues and hazards when trying to focus on the pedals . I hear the clear version is a little stiffer and might not move aorund as much , but the black and gray ones have the same issues .
 I purchased a LARGE size cover for a Honda Rebel 250 -LRB- per the sizing chart -RRB- , and it is too SMALL !!! I live in Florida and its rains alot here , so I get constant water splashed up onto the bike and it pools on the front rim , due to being turned left while parked . The picture of the cover is accurate ... . A HUGE IF ... IF you park it on the center stand -LRB- if you have a center stand -RRB- - the cover will fail to cover the bottom third of the tires . If you want to lock the handle bars to the left , NOT fold your mirrors in , and park the bike on the kick stand , the `` deluxe '' cover is a tight fit and does not cover the bike completely . After 8 days waiting for it to ship , and a week of thunderstorms coming , I threw it on and was super disappointed with the fit . In a garage , it might be ok , but I do n't have that luxury . I recomend going up a size for outdoor , complete coverage .
 I bought this hoping to use it as a spare for my car . It did n't seem to work from anything other than really close range , and upon closer inspection , it appears to be another knockoff version made to look just like the real thing . If you compare this remote to a factory remote , the text is just slightly different . If it worked fine , the different text would n't be a big deal , but since it does not work , the text difference plays right into the off-brand theory .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 The floormats are not a good fit in the front floor boards . Neither side fits like the manufacturers mats and they are not cut as seen in the picture . If you want something that is a meg shift fit , then these are for you .
 I thought this light was a good quality product before I install it . Bulb socket had shortage and caused me whole bunch of electrical problems ...
 I ordered a set of these last year to replace an old pair of damaged ABS/Aluminum louvers which I had -LRB- stupidly -RRB- thrown out some years ago . The photo looked identical to what my original louvers looked like , and since I had decided to restore my 1987 Camaro , but forgotten the brand of my old louvers , I figured these were probably the same thing . NOT . What I received was a molded sheet of ABS that looked only VERY remotely like the picture . It came as one large piece of ribbed ABS with very narrow slots cut in the vertical face of the ribs . No support ribs , no aluminum slats , just places where the slots were n't cut out and the plastic was depressed in an obvious attempt to lend some rigidity to the shape . These two rows of very easily identifiable depressions are what prove the picture is NOT of the louvers being offered here . I sent them back . After an extended search -LRB- and finally , an assist from my Son -RRB- I have found that the original louvers I had -LRB- and incidently , what is actually shown in the picture -RRB- were Cragar Louvers . Crager Louvers were hinged at the top with clips on the side to assist in mounting , and quick removal for cleaning of the window . THESE are not . The Cragars allowed a high degree of visibility . These do not . The cragar slats were continuous across the entire width of the vehicle -LRB- no depressions -RRB- . These are not . The Cragars were adjustable as to height above the window . These are not . The Cragars , however , are RARE and no longer in production . These ARE less prone to rattling , but do not make the mistake of assuming they look like the picture . They do not .
 I purchased this part in an attempt to repair my jeep . Turns out this part is missing alignment holes required to adjust timing after installtion . I did not know this until after I had my vehicle towed and the mechanic informed that my jeep would require a 2nd synchronizer . Luckly Amazon is great and refunded my $ .
 If you own a Jeep Wrangler Sport 2004 , please do not buy Dorman 689-200 . It does not fit.Poor workmanship !
 the side with the lone nut which usuallyy goes to the bottom , that stud broke as the tech was tightening the nut , the nut went half way before the stud broke . it had to be welded since i had thrown away the original hence the reason why i did not return it . so far the part is working ok despite the welding
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 This was missing the alignment tool . This is why I ordered it in the first place . Package had been opened . I paid for fast shipping but return takes 14 days !!!!! I 'm screwed . Thanks Amazon !! Never again !!!!!!!!!!
 I always check the reviews when purchasing and place a lot of weight on them . What I just discovered is that Amazon is lumping them together . By way of example , although not immediately apparent , the reviews for this 3,000 watt inverter are actually for the 1200 watt model.As I said , this is not apparent if one just clicks on reviews for this larger model and goes no further . I buy many products from Amazon prime and am not pleased to find this out.Amazon , fix this now!eric
 Shortly after purchasing this item , the display readout failed . The unit was still doing its basic job , but loosing the display was inconvenient at the least . I pwuld have had to ship it somewhere for warranty repair and would have had to do without the unit in the meantime . It would have been one thing if it had failed a year or two later , but the unit was practically new .
 I purchased this for my off grid RV . I currently have 5 deep cycle batteries hooked up to it . It shuts down as soon as the voltage drops below 12 volts -LRB- not 10 as stated -RRB- . The five batteries that I use exceed the required amperage that it needs , so that should not be an issue . It cuts out when I am running my coffee maker or while watching a DVD on the TV . I believe that this is more suited for an 18 wheeler with the engine running -LRB- recharging -RRB- rather than running off stored energy . I will look into a smaller unit -LRB- 1000-1500 watts -RRB- . I did purchase the remote for it which works great until it shuts down .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I HAVE STILL NOT RECIEVED THE ITEM . IT HAS BEEN OVER A MONTH.WHAT A RIP OFF . I WILL NEVER BUY AGAIN WITH OUT PAYPAL SO I CAN GET MY MONEY BACK .
 I purchased a light back from Best Price Mirror in July and received the wrong part . For two months I 've been trying to get the company to send the correct part and they keep saying they will mail it right out but I 've yet to receive it .
 Installed the Westar EM8704 on my 1999 Nissan Altima . I was very disappointed in this part . Vibration was so bad that a 10 minute car ride had me feeling like I had just gotten off of an amusement park ride . Dizzy and disoriented.I ended up buying the OEM part from the dealer , and wow what a difference . It is like night and day . I 'm usually one that tries to skimp where I can -LRB- which is why I bought this part in the first place -RRB- , but the higher price for the part from the dealer was well worth it . With the engine mount from the dealer , I enjoy driving my car again . Given the hassle that comes with installing this part , I wish I would have bought the OE part in the first place . I would definitely NOT recommend the Westar engine mount .
 I had seen several of these trailers with a red frame and thought that is what I was purchasing.Turns out this is an imported copy of an american made product , but they sure did n't copy it very well.The metal began rusting within a short time and the hinge pin for the bed wore through very quickly after a few uses.I do not recommend and this is the last time I order anything from Northern Tool .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 nice item , realy works . maybe a bit weak for an exhaust vanbut has worked continually for over a month .
 This vent does n't move much air . You can barely tell it moves any air . Not worth the price ... Do n't waste your money ... Ricko
 I used this product in my Waverunner , Snowmobile and Boat.Put it in every tank every time I needed to add gas.All engines were made by Yamaha , I need to do over all my Carburetorswhich was very costly . This product seemed to break down and gunk up the carburetor.Not happy with the perfomance . My son who does nothing in his Ski-Doo has neverhad a problem , just empties the gas at the end of the season.I have switched to another product .
 did this cause the problem ? coincidence in two vehicles having he same trouble after using this product ??? i put some in the tank of my 2004 kawasaki enduro and shortly thereafter it runs like it is missing , that there is a fuel starvation problem . i added it also to my 1992 astro van and shortly thereafter the same problem , it will run as if missing , as if fuel starved . same feeling when there is a clogged fuel filter . not sure this product caused it , but one vehicle , then the other ??? i will not risk it again .
 I have always heard how great Sta-bil was for your stored fuel and it was good for your carburetor too -LRB- says right on the package it will help to clean it out -RRB- . So I finally decide that since I have a lot of equipment that I am storing for the winter Three ATVs a lawn mower , pressure washer , weed eater , blower , etc. that I would add Sta-bil to all of my stored fuel and equipment . Later this spring and summer as I start all of this stuff up , I start having issues like extremely poor performance out of my one year old 660 grizzly -LRB- stalls out and back fires -RRB- and I have no less than three carburetors that have completely failed . The seals have all gone out and they all leak horribly and one of them dumped raw fuel through the system past my rings and into my oil pan on a very expensive Honda Pressure washer . Coincidence I do n't think so . I have left these items with just a full tank of fuel and an empty carb for several winters and have no problem , but the one year that I put this crap into my fuel , I have lost three carbs and I need a rebuild and clean out of another one ? Right . I am super upset . And to boot I do n't have the money to fix any of these right now !
 Curious why the single 32oz . bottle is the best buy . The 32oz . bottle cost .424 cents per oz . The gallon cost is .511 cents per oz . You 'd think if you bought more it would get cheaper but it does n't . Goes against everything I hold dear .
 The picture shows a cap with copper contacts . The first one I ordered , I got an aluminum cap of different brand . I needed a cap so I used it . I ordered another thinking maybe they sent the wrong one the first time . But again I got the same cap , NOT Tru-Tech with copper . From now on I get my caps retail , so I can see what I pay for BEFORE I buy!These caps last about 5,000 miles before engine idles rough .
 model seems substandard is the second with the same fault , do not lose your money.To pass the swichet and starting the engine the starter is fixed an to unstick it should give you a blow o disconnect the battery
 Item was sent and it took more than 2 weeks to receive , they claim it was custom made . The seat covers were n't even close to what I had . Even the head rest was the wrong shape . I wanted to return the item and then I got attitude from the seller . This was a gift for Christmas , they drug their feet getting back to me -LRB- AUTO BARN -RRB- on wanting it returned . For 150 bucks and wrong fit I think I should be able to return it . FINALLY they said I could , then make me do all this other ectra stuff , pay for shipping to return and then drag their feet on getting me my money back . FINALLY I get an email stating I can have my refund but they shorted me $ 10 dollars . That might not seem like alot but I paid for shipping BOTH ways and then they short me !
 This product is cheap , misrepresented , and defective . I would not recommend using this when adjusting tension on any belt.It states that it is for V-belts , not serpentine , as others have stated . Well I did not use this on a serpentine belt rather a power steering and a.c. compressor/alternator belt -LRB- Honda Accord -RRB- . The service manual states that if you are to adjust according to deflection , which this product more or less tries to do , I would need 22lbs of pressure for proper testing . Well , I depressed the button on this tool with 1 gallon of fluid -LRB- 8.3 lbs -RRB- to test if it was close to the required 22lbs . With the jug on top of the button , it depressed immediately . This means that the tool 's `` click '' comes with a pressure of less than 8.3 lbs -- much less than what can be generated by using a thumb or fore finger.Now of course I still had to test this to see what readings I would get from it . The power steering belt requires around 88-120 lbs -LRB- used belt -RRB- and this tool consistently read 70 lbs . I thought
 I purchased the Gates KRIKIT I V - Belt Tension Gauge from Amazon . First , shop around for price . I just installed my second serpentine belt on a 2000 Jeep 4.0 . Tension adjustment nut is under and to right of power steering pump . Belt tensioner wheel is under the power steering pump . The first belt -LRB- Gates -RRB- squeaked so bad it was embarassing . Check of Internet found many Jeep owners with same problem with a Gates belt and recommended a Goodyear Gatorback belt -LRB- from Amazon -RRB- . I have the second new belt on , but no matter how much I tighten the tension nut -LRB- over 120 turns so far -RRB- the KRIKIT I V reads 90 ft lbs . Tension old belt is supposed to be 160 , new belt 200 -LRB- KRIKIT I V only goes to 160 ft lbs -RRB- . Also , it is really hard to read the thing after it `` ticks '' . I have spent several hours on the Internet trying to figure out how to use this thing , but I guess I am using it correctly , but why does n't the reading change after so many turns of the tensioner nut ? You can feel the increased tension in the belt with your hand . So far I have a negative opinion of this tool and think it poorly designed and overpriced . I am thinking about buying a small scale , pushing it against the belt until I see 160 ft. lbs .
 I got the strut bumper I wanted , but the boot is very short and plastic , not rubber or silicone . I used the original boot as it seemed much better than the KYB replacement .
 Not very impressed by the rather light and flimsy plastic the bellows is made of . As it turns out the old original rubber bellows I took off was in pretty good shape . So as I was concerned about the longevity of the plastic bellows , I decided not to use it and rather keep it as a spare in case the original bellows is ever damaged by rocks or other flying object .
 I bought this to use on a 2007 Kawasaki Vulcan 1500 Classic FI . It 's made of a very thin and cheap type of chromed metal . The two square looking tabs are made to bend over to hold the light in place . They broke off after bending once and then back . When I took the stock headlight assembly apart and tried to match up the adapter ring , I found that the tabs were not in the correct positions . The 1500 Classic has tabs at 12 and 4 instead of the 12 and 6 that this shows . I took it to a welder to get the tabs moved into the correct spots and he said the metal was so thing that it was almost impossible to weld . We finally got it to work but I ended up paying him another $ 80 to do the welding . The adapter ended up looking very ugly but I painted it all black and it hides most of the ugliness . You definitely want to pull the stock light fixture apart and compare it to this photo before purchasing this piece . Before buying this , I 'd give Adjure a call and see if they have made any changes to it in the last two years since I put mine on -LRB- June 2010 -RRB- .
 Item was sent and it took more than 2 weeks to receive , they claim it was custom made . The seat covers were n't even close to what I had . Even the head rest was the wrong shape . I wanted to return the item and then I got attitude from the seller . This was a gift for Christmas , they drug their feet getting back to me -LRB- AUTO BARN -RRB- on wanting it returned . For 150 bucks and wrong fit I think I should be able to return it . FINALLY they said I could , then make me do all this other ectra stuff , pay for shipping to return and then drag their feet on getting me my money back . FINALLY I get an email stating I can have my refund but they shorted me $ 10 dollars . That might not seem like alot but I paid for shipping BOTH ways and then they short me !
 is like put you money in the thash , and i never get may money back , new is 50 , good luck
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 If you 're up for a tuneup , these plugs are worth replacing the OEM plugs . My engine runs smoother and throttle response is noticeable . Do n't expect miracles , like a sudden increase in MPG . You 're not turning your car into a hybrid ; just replacing old copper core , single arm plugs with a new material for better spark ... with `` hopes '' of better performance . It 's not much more expensive than copper plugs so it was definitely worth a try.This model was a direct replacement for my aging 1996 Infiniti I30 V6 . No problems with install but make sure to buy the anti-seize lubricant.UPDATE
 I read the positive and negative reviews on these plugs before buying them and decided to take a chance on them . On my car , the original iridium plugs did n't have scheduled maintenance until about 120,000 miles , but I changed them at just over 100 anyway . The old plugs came out looking pretty decent and I put the new ones in hoping to get a little bit better gas mileage.The bottom line is that the 4 prongs on the head of these things seems to split the power too many ways and you get 4 weak sparks instead of one good one . My car immediately started getting between 1.5 - 2 mpg less than before . The car sounds different as well -LRB- not a good different -RRB- and it 's noticeably weaker . After having them in only about a month , I 'm going to pull these ones and replace with NGK Ir IX . It 's pretty difficult to even change my plugs but it definitely makes enough of a difference to me now that I 'm going to do it.Car guys in the past have told me how the 2 - and 4 - prong spark plugs do n't work as well , but I did n't believe them .
 Bought these hoping for better fuel efficiency . After much hyperbole , concluded that the really old spark plugs I was using delivered better milage regapped than these ! What 's that all about?Car
 I had Toyota Camry 98 . I install them 4 days ago . I 'm disappoint , It installed flawless as OES models , engine start as quick as OES , but the race of the engine not good at all . When I drive & push brake pedal the engine want to shut down .
 After installing these plugs , the car has an unsteady gait . I put the spark as before and everything went back to normal . Would not recommend .
 Bought these spark plugs for my Lexus SC400 what a big let down soon as I popped them start up was good but when it came to driving I was misfiring like crazy I would definitely not recommend these to anyone . I 'm in the process of getting my money back plus purchasing different spark plugs
 this is an excellent spark plug . Bosch does great on all of their products and they do not let down on their spark plugs . I have always used their spark plugs before and never had a problem . However ! Contrary to amazon 's part finder and Bosch 's websites claim , these WILL NOT fit a 05-09 Subaru Legacy GT . these are a great option if you have a SOHC Subaru . if you are lucky enough to have a DOHC turbocharged Subaru these are not the plugs for you ! The plug reach is about 1/2 '' too short . the spark will not make it into the combustion chamber ! the only option for you is NGK IR.wish i would 've know this before i had all the coil packs off . hope this helps someone avoid the extra work of changing your plugs repeatedly .
 I ordered these plugs from another supplier . The day after order was placed , I was refunded my money and informed that the manufacturer has stopped production of the plugs I ordered.Having heard good reviews about the Bosch 4501 plugs , I decided to search for them again from a supplier that possibly still had stock of them . I located the supplier through Amazon at a great price and placed the order.The plugs arrived in a reasonable time and in perfect condition in the original boxes supplied by manufacturer . I installed them , but have yet had time to test them . By their looks , they are very different from the basic plugs you are a custom to . I believe that they will perform very well because of the 4 ground electrode arms which gives an additional 3 compared to the normal 1 electrode arm on conventional plugs The material used in the Bosch plugs is superior and hope for a benefit in either fuel mileage , performance or both.Update
 I live in Alaska where driving long distances is the normal . Distances between populated areas are literally hundreds of miles . In this instance I installed a set of these spark plugs the Friday before my Tuesday trip to make sure was all was well with the new plugs . Everything worked well throughout the weekend and Monday . Tuesday 10 miles after entering the freeway to Glennallen from Anchorage the plugs started to misfire . By the time I reached my destination past Glennallen one plug had quit functioning all together and a second was intermittently failing . This was really hard on my 4 cylinder Subaru engine especially considering I have to drive back over 200 miles with the same problem.Ignoring the obvious performance issue of not being able to keep up to the speed limit or the vibration the misfiring was causing sitting in the car or the affect it had on my car 's drive train , there is no way I can determine the piston/cylinder damage cause by the fuel ` wash down ' by these spark plugs not firing . Raw fuel that is uncombusted fuel in your engine washes down the oil around your pistons and dilutes your oil 's lubrication capabilities resulting in excessive engine wear.In a previous life I was the chief technician for a factory direct distributor of a high performance German car . These spark plugs are a total mismatch . Replacing these plugs with factory OEM plugs fixed the problem.I have not requested a refund because the time involved and return shipping costs exceed the price of replacement plugs .
 One of six plugs failed on my '96 Ranger 4x4 . Plug failed after less than 15K miles . I made an error thinking there was no way the plug failed and did hours of testing and replacing other components first . Went to AUTOZONE for a replacement and they concluded the Platinum `` Fusion '' was discontinued . I purchased it less than a year ago . I bought another BOSCH Platinum 4 and truck runs great !
 I bought these for two cars . . and on both cars it gave me issues . It fried my distributor after i used this on my Acura integra and gave me misfires on my caliber . It actually does use more voltage and it makes the car run hotter .
 Sent the wrong items , The wrong plugs for a 2003 Dodge Ram 2500 5.7 Hemi . So now what do I do with 16 expensive spark plugs ... ?
 long story short , i made the mistake of putting these in my jag , 2 days later i get an engine light on , scanner comes up with around 7 error codes due to misfires and such . promptly replaced with OEM and no problems since.-simple fact is that spark plugs do n't change anything and are all hype , stick with oem , as the possible 1-2hp increase isnt worth it
 complete garbage . both the dealer and my mechanic refuse to use these in my nissan xterra nor in my toyota tacoma . had to return and get single electrode NGK platinum plugs . I am pissed that i paid for my mechanic to go out and buy more plugs .
 Buy something more standard . The 4 electrode thing does n't help at all for fuel economy or power . It may even make them worse . You ca n't gap these plugs and the wire that the spark comes out of is very small . One of the 4 plugs did n't work correctly . My car ran then when I tried to start it a second time , it would n't run anymore . I ended up having to find which plug was bad and replace it with one of the old ones . I 'm nervous that the other 3 are going to randomly stop working . You are better off buying 99cent plugs at walmart .
 I waited to purchase these plugs over traditional single prong plugs because of the added expense . I put them in a 2007 Honda Pilot V6 with 85K miles on it . Immediately , during the First drive , the car had less power . After 1 week of calculating fuel mileage , I noticed 2-3 fewer mpg.I took them out and returned them to the W-Mart . Satisfaction guaranteed , right ? I got the OEM NGKs on amazon.com for a good price and went back to stock . The car 's back to normal . Powerful in the top end , OEM mpg . Satisfied !!! The Bosch IR4s left me feeling that I had been duped by a sales gimmick .
 Do n't buy Bosch platinum plugs . The electrodes break off and blow out the cylinder walls . Bosch will give you a new spark plug -LRB- after lots of complaining -RRB- but not a new engine ! Stick with the OEMs !
 Bosch -LRB- 4501 -RRB- FGR8DQI Platinum IR Fusion Spark Plug , Pack of 1AMAZON LIMITS ORDER QNTY TO ONLY 5 PER ACCOUNT . THIS DOES NOT HELP THOSE WITH 6 OR 8 CYLINDER ENGINES
 Ordered them as they listed as compatible for my '06 Mitsubishi Eclipse GT . When I tried to replace them , I found out that they completely do not fit my car .
 This stuff will ruin your wheels if it gets on them . It says wipe off if it gets on them . I did it within seconds & it still leaves spots . Thus making extra rubbing to get the spots out . This stuff is junk !
 My dad came home with a 4 pack of this product a couple of days ago . I 'm literally obsessed with my car 's cleanliness so I used it right away . It was easy to spray on , and produced that `` wet '' look . HOWEVER , the next day I looked at the tires and they did n't look wet at all . I DID N'T EVEN DRIVE THE CAR and the product had already worn off ! I thought maybe I had done something wrong , so I tried it on my other car -LRB- which has really dirty tires -RRB- and again they looked pretty clean at first . In fact , I sprayed it on twice just to make sure they were fully coated . The next day I looked at the car and the product had worn off . I will not be buying this ever again . I recommend NO TOUCH High Shine Tire Care because it works WAY BETTER than this product .
 The cover looks and works fine but it was terribly noisy from the first . It sounded like a can of washers was rattling around in the back and nothing I could do would stop it . I really could not find the cause for several months of the winter but this spring I lay in the back and kept pounding and twisting and pulling until at last I thought I had it . The joints between the bows and the side brackets would work up and down and make the noise . I took it all apart and removed the bows , then pulled the U clips off the ends . I tapped a 6-32 hole in both sides of each bracket and installed small set screws . I then put it all back together and tightened up the set screws until there was no movement between the bows and side rails . This fixed the noise but it should not have been there in the first place . Extang needs to do a little more engineering . If you do not want a rattling truck and do n't want to make the repair . I would not buy this cover .
 I did expect top quality for what I paid but I did n't think it would start to fall apart as I put it on either . I put this seat cover on a bench seat of an old '63 Ford truck . The cover is a bit too big but I 'm ok with that . The little plastic clips that hold the fastening straps together are a bit too delicate . The seams start to pull apart at any real pressure . I would hate to see what would happen if this were going on something that the cover would be a tight fit .
 mediocre quality , the casting of metal just looks plain cheap and it smells of a chinese import warehouse.I have had several of the anchor mounts and these do not appear to have the exact same OE quality as advertised by Anchor Industries . You can tell by sight that the metal casting is inferior to the original , I ca n't speak about the rubber as it 's entirely encapsulated.By the way , if you have a 1.8 T or 1.9 TDI VW with the Tiptronic 09A transmission that calls for the part 1J0-199-555-BB , THIS IS NOT THE CORRECT PART FOR YOU.good luck out there gearheads .
 All I wanted it for was the panasonic battery , to use on the 160 led video light . Wo n't charge the battery .
 I have returned this item and am waiting to see if i ever get my money back , or i would be honest of how wrong the discription was of the vehical this would fit ! Not even close !
 IF I COULD MAKE MY DECISION AGAIN KNOWING WHAT I KNOW NOW , I WOULD HAVE BOUGHT SOMETHING DIFFERENT . THIS PRODUCT MIGHT BE FINE IF YOU CAN STAND UNDER YOUR CAR AND USE TWO HANDS . HOWEVER LAYING ON YOUR BACK IN YOUR YARD THIS PRODUCT SUCKS . IT IS NOT EASY TO USE ONE HANDED ... I HAVE YET TO BE ABLE TO USE IT IN REMOVING A FILTER FROM A CAR YET . PLIERS HAS BEEN MY BEST TOOL TO USE . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GET A GOOD PAIR OF OIL FILTER PLIERS , THEY WONT FAIL YOU .
 Let 's just say this wrench does not do a good job at all . The three prongs are too short and would slip off of the filter . You would have to hold the wrench to the filter with one hand and then loosen it with the ratchet on the other hand . Do not recommend buying this item at all .
 This thing does n't grip the filter or filter housing , it just slips . I 'm returning it and going to buy one of the standard cup wrenches in the exact size .
 These rotors were warped and had to be turned by mechanics costing me another $ 150 . They were already on the car by the time this was discovered so returning them was not a good option .
 Although the motor was the correct part for the repair , the total product received lacked all the pieces necessary for the fix . There was a general purpose connector on the wire bundle but the overall intent was for the wires to be cut and spliced into the vehicle 's circuit . At this point , I went to a local auto parts store a purchased their version of the motor kit . This kit contained three separate interconnect assemblies to choose from depending on your vehicle . The motor was identical and the price only 10 % more . This items description needs to be a little better regarding the interconnection , or lack thereof . The good thing was the easy return policy with Amazon .
 I bought two of these &#34; 143 degree thermostats &#34; for my twin engine boat . The only problem is they do n't open until much , much hotter . I tested them in a pot of hot water after my engines moved into the red on the temp gauges . The thermometer I used for testing maxed out at 190 degrees , and the thermostat did n't open until well after that . I do n't know the exact temp , but it had to be over 200 degrees since there were gas bubbles forming on the thermostats in the water before they opened .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Loved the look of this boot . Needed something new when riding motorcyle . Looked good on but , unfortunately , this boot failed to deliver on function . This boot is extremely stiff . Could not flex foot at all . Felt like wearing ice skates or snow board shoes . Furthermore , there was room in toe box so I know the boot fit but I could not lace them up properly without the boot itself hurting my foot and I have a thin to average size foot . Would not recommend at all .
 Pile is not as deep as the original lexus product . Matting on back of one piece was falling away . Color was as represented.Would not buy this product again .
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 I could n't hook my tether to it now after 25 years I hve to worry about forgetting my gas cap
 Loved the look of this boot . Needed something new when riding motorcyle . Looked good on but , unfortunately , this boot failed to deliver on function . This boot is extremely stiff . Could not flex foot at all . Felt like wearing ice skates or snow board shoes . Furthermore , there was room in toe box so I know the boot fit but I could not lace them up properly without the boot itself hurting my foot and I have a thin to average size foot . Would not recommend at all .
 These are very nice looking , but are not `` bumper stickers '' . They are laminated paper and will fade and peel if exposed to the weather - the paper will become saturated . I put one on the rear window of a vehicle and it lasted only two weeks . This should not be advertised as an automotive sticker .
 These PIAA 's are definitely not worth the $ 140 I paid for them on Amazon . The 1400 series is twice as bright and half the size . My 1400 's use to turn the signs 50 yards away yellow , I can barely see that these are actually on . If you want a functional foglight , I would avoid these .
 This item is SMALLER in diameter than the stock rotor . The pads are 1/3 off the rotor because of it . These went on my junker ` Scort , so I 'm not going through the hassle of returning them , but they are said to fit the 95 Escort LX and I 'm here to tell you , they do n't !
 I purchased this cooling car seat and was unfortunately disappointed . I have an old car with a broken a/c and thought this would help because the sweat marks on my clothing were getting embarrassing . But the amount of air that is projected through the holes in the seat cover is so small , it barely makes a difference . I thought initially it was broken because I could n't feel anything until I held my hand right next to the holes and could slightly feel the air . I guess it 's better than nothing , but I had hoped for the price , it would be more effective .
 The concept is great , the design is good and YES it will cool your body in summer days especially when the inside of your car is cool . The problem I have with it is that it is too stiff . It does feel like you are sitting on concrete , it is very hard , the material used in building this product is very hard and it does not have to be.We had to lower the seat to the lowest level possible due to the position this product makes you sit in the car.It cools your body by using the inside air of the car , so if the inside air is hot you will get hot air but if the inside is cool then you get cool air . The question you need to ask yourself , if the air inside the car is cool do I really need this?In all fairness and honesty , it does work and lowers your body temperature . It is just uncomfortable .
 I bought this form my husband and it went bad right at the end of the 3 month warranty period . I was very disappointed . I have now had to purchase a second seat cooler from Comfort Wheels and hopefully that will last longer .
 This product looked good and felt good coming out of the box . However , when I read the installation instructions on the box I discovered that the bottom straps used to secure the cover to the seat were missing , rendering the cover rather useless . Due to Amazon 's wonderful return system I reordered another cover and will update my review when it arrives .
 the seat covers are short in length . so , either part of seat or headrest are not covered -LRB- your choice -RRB- . the pile hight is 1/2 inch -LSB- some of other brands seat covers have it 1 inch -RSB- . because of rubberized back , it holds in place well .
 The straps that holds the seat cover to the seat does n't keep the seat covers in place . This has caused the back of the seat to fold under . Now the rubber backing has creases that make the seat backs uncomfortable .
 I have to agree ... I am returning mine . I ordered 2 of these seatcovers . One feels silky and pulls like nylon ... the other feels rough like wool . However , both have the consistancy of a synthetic . There was a faded stain on one -LRB- maybe someone tried to clean it ? -RRB- . And another thing ... the color does not match when comparing the 2 . IMHO , If it is fur -LRB- I doubt it -RRB- , then it is fur from 2 different species of animal . And I doubt either of them were sheep.sorry to say this ... But , A very poor quality item . This was a gift for my girlfriend . Which is a bummer . Oh well , I 'm sure I can find a replacement .
 The quality of the covers is good , however they do n't even come close to fitting over the headrest area as shown in the ad . It looks funny on my HHR bucket seats . Works okay but not what I thought I was buying . Cost factor good it 's just too bad they do n't fit like the add shows .
 They are gigantic even when I ordered my regular boot size . I like the style but they are so stiff just could n't keep them .
 for some reason you have to sort of push the cigarette in . the hole is n't big enough for it to slide smoothly . i usually keep it with some water in it because it wo n't put out the cigarettes immediately .
 Sent just the bottom `` cup '' of this supposed `` butt bucket '' . Not what 's shown in the picture . No top ashtray . A complete scam .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 These are a joke . From the market-speak , you 'd expect something wonderful . What you really get is a blue-white light that can not add anything at all to your high-beams and a yellow light that basically makes a bright yellow blob on the road in front of you . I have experimented with various placements and I suppose the only way these will ever work is if you mount them on the top of your roof and aim them down onto the road . Bumper mounting will not make these effective . My Saab 's factory lighting makes these look like they are not even turned on . Go for something with a pencil-beam or maybe 15 degrees , but these @ 25 degrees are not worth having . Also , the beam patterns are so wide , you can not have these on with on-coming traffic , so really , I am not sure what the designers were even thinking . For sure , they do n't make the application and performance clear and now they have an unhappy customer.LONG TERM UPDATE , summer 2012 : Switched out my main beams for HID bi-xenon projectors this past winter . The upgrade makes these halogen units beyond worthless , so I pulled them off this summer . I live in an area of Alaska where we only get a few hours of daylight in the dead of winter , so you can be assured I am a lighting nut . I 'm sorry to say it , but most budget products like this are all show and no go .
 I 've used this floor mat design for over 15 years and it has been one of my favorites . Unfortunately the material they are made from has been changed to some kind of cheap rubber compound that is stiffer and has a strong `` burnt rubber '' smell that I associate with poorly made chinese products . The mats have been in my car for 3 weeks and the smell has not gotten any better . Enough , they are in the trash and I 'm airing out my car .
 Make sure you open the package and inspect the part first . The part I got was correct for my model truck , but it was missing the dust/grease boot . It also was different than the part pictured . I was sent one of the tie rods that come pre-lubed and can not be lubricated . The picture depicts a grease zert type . Did not come with the nuts or cotter pin . I unfortunately had to track down a new boot as I had already removed the old parts and just did n't have the time to return it .
 This `` Sheepskin '' cover has only a narrow strip of sheepskin down the middle , the rest is an awful , itchy synhetic that sheds EVERYWHERE !!
 I guess there are just some things you should n't buy on line . These looked good in the picture , and were well regarded in the reviews , but now that they are here ... sigh . They dont fit my seats very well -LRB- 2001 Kia Sportage -RRB- . The ` genuine sheepskin ' is foot-wide strip that runs from two inches back from the lip of the seat to about the small of my back . The rest is plush , muppet-like fake fur . The first passenger who saw them laughed and said they reminded her of Big Bird mating with Snuffleupagus -- instead of a subdued beige , they are a bright and lurid blonde-yellow , and the sheepskin part is almost orange .
 I made the mistake to purchase this by looking the pictures . But in real is just a little strip of sheepskin in the middle and the rest is awful . Do n't buy it !
 a bit disappointed in quality not really what I was expecting from the picture also did not fit my seat properly
 I ORDERD THESE COVERS FROM AMAZON ABOUT A MONTH AGO.THERE IS VERY LITTLE IF ANY SHEEPSKIN ON THESE COVERS.POORLY MADE.I WOULD HAVE PAID MORE FOR A BETTER SEAT COVER.PLEASE BEWARE BEFORE YOU ORDER THIS ITEM.IM NOT HAPPY .
 In paying 8o + dollars I assumed they would be sheep skin however only the center stip was , the outer was synthetic and came off all over my clothes every time I sat on them , also the color was suppose to be Champagne -LRB- pale yellow -RRB- and it ended up being `` bright '' yellow . I was however very please with the ease of returning and getting a refund on this item .
 The seat cover ripped two weeks after installation . Looks good and fits well . Just does n't hold up . I ca n't expect alot for 48 dollars .
 The cover I ordered did not fit my car and in trying to get it on , it tore VERY easily ... I would have returned it but did not have since I was being a caretaker for a terminally ill family member and a seatcover seemed so insignificant ! I would not mail order another .
 Hello , The photo is not the match for the honda cb900f supersport 1981 which i have . All photos are the same . Why ?
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 I do n't know what this pump was intended to do but I found it to be worthless .
 If you think that by spending a little more money will get you better quality you 're wrong . The worst of which being the adjusters , out of the box the adjusting screws were almost frozen in the plastic retainers causing their poor quality to strip out almost immediately . I was using Snap-On screwdrivers so tool quality was of no concern . I spent almost 2 hours just trying to get them to fit decently around the headlight doors and alignment was still an issue . If the headlights were n't so difficult to remove and my factory ones in such poor quality I would have sent them back ASAP . Save your money if you want this style of headlight and go with the cheaper ones found on other sites .
 I STILL do not have a usable roof rack . -LRB- about 3 weeks after the partial delivery . -RRB- The box arrived damaged - there are 2 essential pieces missing . I have called the company several times , and each time after I have worked through the phone tree I was hung up on . Without ever having spoken with a person . They have a web based notification process . But , so far it has been one sided . The only thing that they seem to have done with it is to mark my claim low priority , and then mark it closed . It is not closed . I thought that they might have shipped the two missing parts ; but I have no way of knowing if they have or not . I hope to get this resolved . But I do not see me dealing with AutoBarn again .
 Dimmer than my 10 year old lightbulbs . Why should anyone replace them if these give a dimmer light than old ones ?
 I purchased this belt to install in my Wrangler and what I received was too large . THIS BELT DOES NOT FIT . Unfortunately , the return policy has expired and I will not be able to return the belt even thought he part doe not fit .
 Have had the new belt on for a couple of years now , and it will consistently slip and squeal when it is very hot and turn on the ac , which produces more tension on the belt . Have tried to tighten the belt , but continues to slip , but only for a little bit as soon as I start the engine and the ac is already on . When compared to my oem replacement belt , there is definitely not the same amount of rubber as my oem , but do to age , felt like I needed to replace.Product is much cheaper than what I may get at retail locations , but may question where I purchase next time .
 Had it for one year and just threw it out . Every since the first month it has failed to work right . I ca n't tell you how much time and frustration I have wasted trying to get that thing off of my truck . DO NOT BUY !
 As the title says . According to Amazon 's car selector this fits a 3K Toyota stock engine . Well , it does n't . The base is bigger than the distributor.Also , the embossed numbers you see in the pictures are not there . Not a deal-breaker but still , the picture is not accurate.The product seems to be of good quality , but was n't even able to install it . Buy only if you 're 100 % sure it fits , do n't trust Amazon 's car selector .
 Contrary to what Amazon 's compatibility check says , this will not fit a 2005 Honda Accord EX 3.0 V6 . This is a fact since I found it about 6 '' shorter than the current belt .
 These are all the same product : Rain X RX68030D RainX Glass Cleaner Wipes w/Anti-FogRain-X Glass Cleaner Wipes with Anti-Fog -LRB- 25 ct. -RRB- I bought these `` Interior Glass Cleaner Wipes '' at a retail store . Had them in the glove box for about a month . When I broke open the package and used them the first time , I was left with a windshield that was so streaked I could not safely drive at night . I thought I would try another wipe , and then another , and another , in case my windshield was dirty and I was just spreading the dirt . But these wipes are white cloth , and they were still completely white after using each one , so I do not believe my windshield was dirty.I used Windex to clean the RainX off the windshield , and then just used a moist cloth , followed by a dry cloth to get the Windex streaks off . I use the original Rain-X on my exterior windows , and I swear by it . But I 'll never use an interior glass product of theirs again .
 Do not purchase this product . It actually creates more work than is necessary and is an embarrassment to the Rain X product line . I used these wipes to clean the inside of my windows/windshield -LRB- which were fairly clean to begin with -RRB- and to provide some fog protection . When I wiped down the inside of each window , it left terrible streaks that ended up making the windows dirtier-looking than I have ever seen them . The only solution was to go back over each of the windows with a microfiber towel ... which then removed all of the anti-fog protection . I could have done better with Windex and a paper towel because I could have used the wasted time to put another coat of wax on the car . Bottom line
 Ca n't recommend this product
 My windshield was clean and my car is new -LRB- first Winter in my new Scion xD -RRB- . I ran out of the $ 1 spritz can of no-fog I bought last year in the check out lane of my local grocery ... so I went in search of a replacement . I picked these because I thought it was a name I could trust.WRONG ! I used one and it left streaks all over my windshield and the side windows . I tried another ; same result . I worked over the windows until I could see through them ... but the fogging was not diminished ... it was WORSE.This is a useless product no matter the price . I am headed back to the check out lane to see if I can find that little blue can -- when I do , I 'll let you know what it is .
 I got these by accident . I actually intended to get Rain-X exterior glass treatment which causes raindrops to form beads that roll off your windshield -LRB- which actually seems pretty effective , unlike these wipes ! -RRB- However , I figured I would give them a shot anyway . I tried treating my front and back windshield as well as front windows with these wipes . The instructions on the wipes do mention that a dry cloth must be used , and the wipes will definitely leave your windshield very streaky without a dry cloth.I tried using the wipes both with and without a dry cloth to see if either treatment made a difference . In both cases , my windshield still fogged up as much as before!These wipes are no more effective than regular wet wipes for cleaning purposes either .
 I apply this product on my windsheild but does not work at all . I 'll just stick with the spray on formulated one , it 's more concentrated .
 This product is almost like a wax for your -LRB- interior -RRB- glass . Yes , the instructions say `` use a clean ... microfiber cloth to buff out excess haze and remove excess material . '' Unless you 're OCD about your cleaning efforts , you 'll spend DAYS finding new places where this stuff is still lingering . I 'm sorry I did n't heed the previous reviews before purchasing , but the Rain-X Glass Cleaner wipes will cause you way more work than should be required . Windex and a clean rag for me from now on.I 've used one wipe out of the package . The rest are now in the trash , since I do n't want to mistakenly happen upon them again down the road ...
 Listen to everyone else . This stuff is garbage . Purchased this at a local retail store because my windows were getting fogged up and my defogger was n't working right.Doesn ' t work at all . It just a wet wipe . Worthless . Used it twice and nothing happened . Stuff is now in the trash .
 Had the same experience I love Rain-X but this Anti-Fog Solution is terrible - save your money search for another solution . Ah i feel better now that I wasted money and got to at least speak my mind about what a nightmare it is to get off your windshield with zero results .
 This product did n't fit my car and interfered with the brake caliper on my vehicle . Upon contacting the manufacturer they admitted to the problem on some production models which really surprised me . If you know of a potential problem then why are you selling a product knowing this . A true mystery to me . I must say though that Amazon provided excellent customer service in this matter and resolved the problem to my satisfaction .
 The old adage `` you get what you pay for '' applies to this item for sure.I bought this wrench to remove the oil filter on my garden tractor but it failed . The filter had been tightened pretty hard by the factory and as I was trying to turn it the handle seemed to ` give ' which proved to be the result of the strap having developed a crack near the handle end , it was breaking off . I suppose this wrench would be OK on fliters which did n't require much force to remove but in other cases it is n't strong enough.As cheap as it was it 's not worth the trouble to return , I 'll order one of the wrenches that are like channel locks so I can apply enough force to losen the filter without the wrench coming apart .
 This item fits many different vehicles , so there WILL be additional work in the form of sawing or scoring and snapping off the extra tabs to make it fit your vehicle . I use the term `` fit '' loosely . After carefully cutting away the indicated tabs , it still did n't fit the Chrysler Lebaron for which it was purchased . I had to cut away additional tabs in order to get it to even bolt on , and even then it 's slightly twisted . The only thing really holding it firmly against the dashboard is the radio itself after it was locked into the frame . I would NOT buy this again or recommend this brand .
 I bought my first two last year for two of the cars I dont use often . Within a a couple of months both of them have failed ... so I thought maybe I got a bad shipment . So I stupidly purchased two more to replace them ... Both replacements failed within 6 months ... worse yet , one of them still had a green light on like it was working !! I did n't know it was feigning proper operation until I tried to start the car ... with a completely dead battery!DO NOT trust the other 5 stars here ! All of them are short and claim they liked the product for having STANDARD features !! Hire better writers for your sham reviews , Black and Decker!This is the absolute worst product I have ever purchased !!
 We bought a total of 4 of these . 2 for the motorcycles , and 2 for the fishing boat . They worked great for one year . However all 4 failed within 18 months . First one on the boat went bad . Then one on the motorcycle . Then the other on the motorcycle . Then the last one on the boat was removed . But failed shortly after installed on another motorcycle . TERRIBLE . Worse part is they were purchased through Wal-mart who stopped carrying the brand not too longer after we purchased the chargers and we lost the receipt . $ 100 bucks down the drain.The failed in one or two ways . 1 -RRB- They lights would flash back and forth but the batteries were perfectly fine and STILL using them years after with no problems . 2 -RRB- They would just all of a sudden die , no lights , nothing . Just a slight buzz inside the case that you 'd normally hear .
 Got mine as a gift from a neighbor . I used it intermittently to charge my 2 motorcycles . Last week I hoohed it up , there was a hissing sound and smoke . I pulled the power plug out immediately . It 's fried .
 After a few months it stopped charging even though the LEDs lit . While plugged in it caused streaks on the picture of an analog TV -LRB- but not on a digital TV , which are more immune to that sort of interference -RRB- ; also , it caused a continuous loud buzzing noise on a short wave radio , enough to drown out all but the loudest stations . The quality of Black & Decker products has sure gone downhill since they outsourced production to China - this is n't the only recent foreign-made B&D product I 've had that broke down in a short time . No more B&D for me .
 FIRE HAZARD-BATTERY KILLER-DO NOT BUYI wish I could give this less than one star.I had been using this for almost two months . It was working ok , and then it failed , nearly to epic proportions.It was on the battery using the clamps and plugged in . It got unplugged for about an hour -LRB- to use the outlet -RRB- , and then plugged back in . When it got plugged back in it was accidently switched to `` Off '' . I noticed the LED was n't on about 5 hours later and when I went to investigate I noticed it was extremely hot to the touch.The case actually started to melt and break down . It also completely discharged my new Optima Red Top battery -LRB- $ 200 -RRB- . I ca n't imagine what would have happened if it sat overnight . Would it have started my bench on fire and then the house ? I know it deep cycled the battery and damaged the overall ability of the battery to hold a charge and diminished its cranking abilities.I called three numbers and got nothing but attitude from Black and Decker on the first two . My third had better luck , they opened a case . I got a package in the mail with a pre-paid FedEx label and a questioner to fill out regarding the incident . It looks like this is n't the first B&D ; / Vector float charger that failed . I do n't feel Amazon should be held liable , they only sold it , not manufactured a faulty , dangerous product . I also filed an incident with the Under Writers Laboratory . I 'll post any updates.I should have ordered a Battery Tender instead , this is what I get for saving $ 20 . . So be warned , this is not a safe or reliable product . See the photos I added of the melted case .
 Despite the warnings from other reviewers , I purchased this item anyways . It worked flawlessly for about a month , and then started acting weird the 2nd month and failed completely on the 3rd . Get something more reliable instead !
 I purchased several of these trickle chargers and was dissapointed in their function , I purchased some cheaper models that did function well through the winter . Do NOT use these on ATV batteries they have a habit of boiling the small battery dry and ruining it requiring me to buy a new battery the exact thing that I was trying to avoid . I checked with the ATV dealer and they had experienced similar problems with trickle chargers left on for an extended period of time .
 I bought 3 of these at the local Home Depot for 2 bikes and a tractor and worked well for a month or so . Now I cant start one bike and the other just barely cranks over . The units all have green lights meaning a full charge but not true ! Get a Schumacher or battery tender brand they are much better units .
 I purchased this unit and connected it to a low charge car battery and switched it to 2 amps . The unit produced a rattling sound -LRB- apparently a built-in relay -RRB- while the green led came on and the yellow led blinked . The manual says that a clicking sound is normal , but it does n't mention a rattling sound . More confusingly , it does n't mention a blinking led either . I disconnected the unit , and connected it again . This time it would not do anything on the 2 amp position -LRB- no led , no sound -RRB- , and on the 1 amp position the yellow led would blink slowly sometimes , and stay on at other connects . No sounds . I should note that I do not have a multimeter where I am now.I left the garage to return after an hour . The yellow led was off and the unit was cold to the touch . I disconnected it from the DC and the battery a few times . I could only get the yellow led on in the 1 amp mode . Nothing in 2 amp . I left it overnight on 1 amp with the yellow led on.This morning the yellow led was still on , but when I turned the unit over it went off and back on again . The unit was still cold to the touch and I had the impression that no charging was taking place . Again I disconnected the DC and the battery a couple of times . Nothing changed . I tapped the unit gently from several sides . After I tapped it gently from above , it started the rattling and blinking again , like it did the first time it was connected to DC . It did it even in 2 amp mode.This time I have left it rattling . It rattled for about 20 minutes , while the rattling was slowing down gradually to clicking . Finally , it stopped clicking and the yellow led stayed on , in 2 amp mode , and now it feels warm to the touch , so it seems to be charging now . It may be that the remaining battery charge was too low for the unit to operate properly , but the fact that I had to tap it to get it running gives me the impression that it is unreliable . I will replace it with another brand .
 It was about $ 25 and lasted a yr . One day i plugged it in and it went pop . DEAD
 Ever since I installed these , my breaks squeak every time . I thought they just had to be broken in but no I waited long enough and they kept squeaking . Nope , I do n't recommend at all . Avoid this product .
 I ordered a few of these along with some 1156 models . They lasted a few months then noticed some flickering coming from them . Opened up the lighting fixture , found a few LED 's dead and others going on and off . Checked the other ones I installed and they were doing the same thing . When I was removing them they literally fell apart.I guess the heat got to them . I live in Tucson , AZ so I would only recommend if you are in a cooler place .4 of about 15 ordered still work . The four that work are also flashers , which are not used full time .
 I tried this in my 98 Ninja ZX-6 and unfortunately the bulb generates far less light than the regular incandescent bulbs that came with the bike . So much dimmer in fact I felt it would be unsafe to use these bulbs . I sent them back for a refund .
 Excellent product for a cheaper price !!! less than $ 70 !!! The stock shift motor on my 1997 5.4 L Expedition was having trouble engaging 4wd high and 4LOW , so I decided to replace it with a brand new one . Now it engages from 2WD to 4-Wheel drive with a blink on an eye . Ofcourse , I also had to replace the transfer case fluid that uses 2qts . of Mercon V which is the same type fluid as the Transmission . So far , my transfer case no longer leaks and able to shift to 4-Wheel Low with ease.UPdate 9/11/2012I went offroading today near my house . I shifted the transfer case motor to 4wheel low , after a few minutes of low-rage 4wheeling , I then switched back to 2wheel high but was unable to because the transfer case motor died , stuck , was n't able to turn any more . So I had to drive back home on 4wheel low for a few miles . It took me a couple of hours to figure this out , but I am very disappointed with this product . I did ' t use it much either , why would this electric shift motor malfunction ?!! at this price , it should of last a life time .
 I replaced my four turn signals with these . They are much dimmer than the incandescent bulbs . Also , they blink whereas the incandescents flash . Of course I had to replace my flasher relay with one that works with LED 's -- I had to do that anyway since I removed some bumper lights that reduced the load on the flasher circuit anyway . So with the flasher replaced , the flash rate of the signals is correct but the way the lights come on and off is different . LED 's flash instantaneously on and off . Incandescents gradually illuminate as the resistance in the filament heats it to glowing , and then when the current is removed , they gradually cool off and dim out . So when it 's flashing , it comes on and off very softly . The LED 's just pop on and off very abrubtly . That 's not a complaint , just a description of a difference.Overall I 'd say these bulbs are not ready for primetime . I know Vision X can get brighter LED 's but they 're not using them here . The bottomline is they do n't really do anything for you . Possibly they last longer than incandescent but the design is so complex it 's hard to say some solder or a tiny circuit or a little resistor wo n't fail from vibration . They 're not bright , and they 're not inexpensive . So what good are they ?
 Now this is not a complaint with Amazon , I love this website . They accepted a return after about three months . I ordered this part because the encoder motor on my Silverado started acting up . Unfortunately the one I ordered from Amazon was defective out of the box . Kind of discouraging . Napa sells the same part # for $ 295 . The dealer sells the OEM part for $ 700 !! So this would have been a good deal only it did n't work . Should I order another one ? Not sure yet .
 Got it . Put it in . It did n't work . Took it to a certified mechanic and they confirmed that it was a bad part . Mechanic put in a good part and everything worked as it should . Returning it for a refund .
 Truck at least worked with the old malfunctioning part ! Put this on and it did nothing . Dead part . Disappointing , now I have to wait for refund and order elsewhere .
 part did fit but after 31 days the part broke . according to Dorman the part is warrantied for life and you need to return it to where you bought the part -LRB- amazon -RRB- I called customer service and at first they told me I could not return it because I was 2 days past their return policy . they told me to send it to Dorman which you ca n't do . after being on the phone for 30 minutes they finally told me I could return it to amazon for a refund . they paid for the return freight and within 3 days I had my money back on the credit card.this is the first time I had problems dealing with Amazon.Kevin
 Installed this part last year and it stopped working before the snow melted . Do n't waste your time . Motor circuit opened .
 doesnt fit not all the clips have a location to clip to and way too small for vehicle even though it is the correct one
 Great price ! looks like a great product , but no way to tell for sure . Bulb does not fit on my 07 Prius . My guess is that if your car 's backup lens can be easily removed so this bulb could be put in base first , it might fit . On my Prius where the light goes in bulb first - the bulb is too fat to fit through the hole . It would have been nice to know that before I bought the bulbs . I 'll hold on to them in hopes I can find a car they will fit .
 If you 're looking for something bright then look somewhere else . I could barely see them when lit up at night .
 They work great but they do not fit in the socket ! So do not buy this item unless you want to have to do some `` customising '' to the bulb socket -LRB- which will make it impossible to keep the bulb in place -RRB- .
 I hoped these would be an improvement over my current riding glasses , but sadly they were not . The product did not fit me correctly due to the bridge area being far too narrow , and the glasses made to fit a wider face . This also made the foam ineffective due to not being close enough to my face to keep sand and other debris out of my eyes while riding . This purchase was not a total loss as I heavily modified the glasses with a dremel tool to correct the bridge problem , and heated the middle in order to bend the glasses inward slightly for a decent fit . Unlike other reviewers my strap snaps in and locks tightly , however I did not find it comfortable because it either pushed my ears outwards , or smashed them depending on which side of the ear I placed the strap . I would not buy these again .
 Amazon 's application information is extremly poor on this item . I entered 2002 Ford Explorer 4 door XLT 3 times and used their double check application to make sure it fits feature and it is incredibly poor . All 4 door 2002 models which is about 80 % of the explorers made have a 15 pin rectangular connector , the one Amazon will send you will be a 7 pin round connector this fits 2 door sport models only . I contacted the manufacturer Dorman after waiting a week to recieve and found that they -LRB- Dorman -RRB- do not make a transfer case motor with the correct 15 pin rectangular connector . You have to go to your local auto parts store or Ford dealer to get the right one.One bright spot was Amazon 's return policy was very easy and I recieved a prepaid UPS Shipping label to return and Amazon did process the credit promptly .
 Suppose to work with a 1995 Jeep Grand Cherokee ... it did n't for me . Sent back and refunded promptly . Would have been nice if it would have worked ...
 Did not work on my Jeep Grand Cherokee had to get a return # and sent it back for refund . Dissapointed .
 Do n't buy these bulbs if you 're thinking of using them as taillights , they wo n't be bright enough . Buy VARAD LED instead .
 I purchased these to complete my red led interior light swap . This thing is so dim you ca n't even use it for a dome light . Lighting a match will give you 10x the light of one of these .
 This order was about my 30th LED order so I am not new to installing them , and recieving various different quality of product . I spent an hour looking for the fuse I must have burnt out , as the LED was not turning on . Only to find out that it was the bulb . Shaking my head in frustration , I grabbed the next one , but before soldering the connections , I connected it to some terminals , nothing , then the battery , nothing . Then another LED ... nothing . The second from last one worked , I installed it , and began working on my other installs in the car . Within 20min , it had burnt out.Checking the fuse again to be sure , I pulled the connections , set it to the battery terminal , Nothing . Luckily , I still had one more . A quick test proved that it was dead too.Wasted time , and as this is an inferior product , waste of money . 3 out of 4 dont work and the one only working for 30min .
 I had a total different idea ! It was too small for me and no use ! I gave it away !
 I gave them my 4Runner model information and they recommended to me this item but no coincide , well I lost my money because I live outside USA
 I bought this for a train crossing sign project in my son 's room . The crossing lights were LED , so they did n't take much power , this thing draws over 15 amps -LRB- 180Watts -RRB- when cycled . Now I am scratching my head on how to salvage the project without adding a huge expensive power supply .
 Very disapointed . The Bell is listed as a Ding Dong . I belived I was getting a copy of the old bermuda bell . However when I installed it the bell only went Ding.I called the company and they admit that they misrepresented it.They told me to send it back for a refund . However , after paying to have it installed and the price of it ... I 'll live with it for awhile.However , I suggest that you do n't trust Wolo . I 've heard their other horns do n't meet up with much approval .
 When they say do n't run this for more than 3 seconds at a time , they mean it . I had it burned up within 10 minutes of installing . Used a toggle switch and turn signal flasher to pulse the bell since its soleinoid only gives the bell a single strike . Continuous use of say 30 seconds as you would want in a city to warn people will not work with this bell or you will fry it . Way too cheap for any automotive application . Why did n't the manufacturer address this cycle time and the pulsing issue when they built the unit ? I would not purchase another .
 The manual that was shipped was not a specific for the 2000 Dakota but was a generalized manual for all Dodge trucks of that era . It was returned to the vendor . Credit has not been received .
 Within 10 secs of first use , the headset developed a short near the molded plug - headphone stopped working . Unfortunately , I attempted a repair to replace the 6-pin DIN plug , so ca n't return it now . :-LRB- Note that the wiring on this headset is a crazy small gauge and unshielded . I 'm not surprised it shorted out , as the individual wires run so close to each other .
 This really did n't work for me at all . Not sure if it will work for other brake systems , but for a Nissan 350Z with standard brakes , this failed miserably . I gave it two stars because it did n't specifically state it would work with my car , so I ca n't ding it too hard , but per the text associated with 2 stars , &#34; I do n't like it &#34; . It was cheap , so that was nice . I 'll chalk it up as a lesson learned and move on .
 when the fuel pump arrived . it did not come with instructions , or an invoice ... thank god my husband knew what he was doing . . but after 3 weeks the fuel pump just quit working now he has to go threw all that work again , it seems like it was a return that amazon got mixed up and sent it back out as new ...
 First of all , people , in general , but not always , only trust when a negative comment is given as then you know the person has nothing to gain . A positive comment could be from a person trying to push the product or their friend . If the improvements were true , I for one would be delivering the gas saver to the EPA for further testing to further substantiate the evidence.I bought one of these devices for a '93 Acura Legend and did not get any better mileage than what I had before . What I did notice is that the mileage seemed to go down a little bit and caused the vehicle to be more difficult to accelerate at higher speeds -LRB- say 85 mph and up -RRB- as I believe it somewhat impeded airflow versus not using this device at all . It kind of seemed to be choking the engine . The car ran much smoother without the device.Initially , I thought I installed it improperly , so I went back to no Tornado for a few weeks and then tried the Tornado one last time again making sure that I completely read the directions and installed it properly . I thought I 'd give it a second chance with all the positive comments I had read about it . Once again , I had the same experiences as before.Consumer Reports tested it and they say they have n't found a fuel saving device that provides a meaningful improvement . Their test showed the Tornado actually lowered the gas mileage of the test vehicle.Whom do you trust , an unbiased and no advertising allowed Consumer Reports or the people trying to sell the device ?
 I had this installed on my car amost 3 months after buying the car -LRB- bought from JCWhitney for about $ 70 -RRB- . My car was bought brand new , has no mechanical issues , and is rated at 22-29mpg by Mazda . It 's a 4-cylinder 2.3 L engine . I only describe it so it is understood that I 'm talking about a particular vehicle . It was recommended to me by a dealer -LRB- no surprise -RRB- who knew I wanted better gas mileage than the 6 is rated for . He has an Audi A8 and claims it has improved his gas mileage by 3-5mpg . For the record , I do n't believe him . He probably never actually knew what his gas mileage was.I have been keeping track of my car 's gas mileage since my 2001 Honda Civic HX CVT -LRB- which got a wonderful 32-36mpg consistently , 30 at the low end and 40 on a trip to the Catskills -RRB- . I fill up each time -LRB- never going past the first fill point when the pump clicks off -RRB- and keep track of how much gas is needed to fill up again . I track the miles between each fill using the car 's trip odometer . I feel this is the best way to know what your true mileage is . Just guessing based on how much you spend is NOT accurate , especially in this time of fluctuating gas prices.Now for the important part
 The Tornado Fuel Saver is a great idea for the patent holder and anyone else making money from its sales.As an automotive technician I have encountered many devices that claim to improve performance or gas mileage . The Tornado is nice and shiny and makes an excellent paperweight or doorstop.The theory of swirling the air/fuel mixture into the combustion chamber is nothing new ; many modern vehicles are able to attain this with intake valves that open at slightly different times . There is very little doubt within the automotive industry that the better atomization of fuel within the combustion chamber yields better performance and as a result efficiency -LRB- mileage -RRB- for each unit of fuel and air that is taken into the motor.However the Tornado Fuel Saver does not work for most modern cars and here is the reason : When the tornado is placed before a Mass AirFlow Sensor , otherwise known as a MAF , all that swirling air will be turbulent once again after passing through the sensor . Most MAFs have screens protecting the fragile wires -LRB- Hot Wire MAF -RRB- inside . If you have a Vane style MAF , then your airflow is even worse . No help from the Tornado before the MAF.Stock intakes these days have a whole lot of ridges and baffles built into them , some are for strength so the intake piping does n't collapse under vacuum , some are there to help quiet the roaring sound of the intake . If you place the Tornado after the MAF , but still within a stock intake , you are unlikely to see any improvement as the ridges and pockets will cause turbulence.A modern vehicle with Sequential Fuel Injection will not see much benefit . Usually the fuel injectors are pointed towards the intake valve -LRB- s -RRB- meaning that fuel is squirted on top of the valve seat . This is where the swirling is the most important ; however this is well into the intake manifold where a Tornado can not be installed.Fuel injectors on a modern day vehicle are designed to atomize the fuel as efficiently as possible . The atomization of fuel is in the design of the intake manifold , the fuel injectors , valves , and head.The vehicles that it may have a positive effect on would be the older carbureted cars with an air filter that sits directly atop the carb . The swirling may help atomization a minute amount as the air passes through the carburetor 's venturis . However , the benefits in that case are still minimal and not worth the lighter wallet.Tornado Fuel Saver 's infomercial mentions commercial vehicles while showing large 18-wheel big rigs . The mention of using one of these on a Diesel engine is laughable . Diesel engines compress the incoming air before fuel is added to it , once again the gains are minimal , assuming there are any gains using this product in a Diesel engine.Some vehicles these days , especially European cars , are equipped with turbochargers -LRB- Kompressors for you Mercedes folk -RRB- . A turbocharger unit forces more air -LRB- measured in Cubic Feet -RRB- and pressure to the engine . That extra pressure , commonly called `` boost '' helps atomize any fuel that has collected at the valves . -LRB- Fuel injectors running at a low 50 % duty cycle are still spraying on a closed valve about half of the time -RRB- . The `` extra '' air forced into the engine allows for more fuel to be burned during the combustion process . This creates an engine with a higher volumetric efficiency , meaning more power/liter for that particular engine . If you have a turbocharger , you do n't need a Tornado , because you already have something much better.The mileage gains that people see are likely to be from driving habits . This claim is backed up with anecdotal evidence , someone explains that their first tank of gas with the Tornado went a long way , but after a while it dropped back down . How can this happen ? Its the right foot.When gas prices jump , everyone is easy on the gas . Mileage is on your mind every time you pull away from a stoplight , the same happens when you install the Tornado . The first few days you are easy on the gas , improving your mileage , after a week or so you get back to your normal driving habits and your old gas mileage .
 The DY1054 is a ambient air temperature sensor used to detect the outside air temperature , not an engine coolant temperature sensor . This was verified at my local ford dealer .
 The way their hinge is designed , there 's a gap of a good inch between their visor and the car visor -- just what you do n't want when you 're trying to block glaring sun . The Trillium Sun Zapper is another one I bought and their design does n't have this problem -- it fits snuggly against the car visor without a gap .
 Who knows how well this product will work , since we had to order two other pieces to use with it and are still waiting for THIS PIECE to be delivered . We ordered this in Jan. 2011 and all of the products were in stock when ordered . Suddenly the price went up on this 3rd piece by $ 30 and we are still waiting for it . Everything else remains unusable in our garage without it . Unable to send the other pieces back due to weight and return cost of shipping . So we sit and wait . Thank goodness the winter was better than last year.I guess we will just have to wait and see if it 's ever delivered , the order is still open . Funny , how Amazon expects a review of something that was NEVER delivered .
 The instructions for programming do n't match my car . I will have to pay to have someone program it for me .
 I replaced because I had lost cruise control everything worked fine for about a mile , started hearing a noise like breaking plastic and the lost cruise control air bag and the horn reinstalled the orignal everything is workiing again except the cruise control the reason I was replacing it . I will go to Dodge and buy an OEM clock spring .
 I do not recommend this clockspring for anyone . After installing this unit the vehicle 's air bag light starting coming on after two days , then the air bag light was on ever since . Finally found time to take this one off and put old clock spring back in and back to normal now . Not good product to purchase if it breaks right away .
 poor quality workmanship bad solder connections cruse control plugs not the same as oem and no continuity on one lead
 Froze up on me , do n't buy , not worth the money , spend more for quality . Shop around there are better alternatives .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 It is possible that the part number is incorrect for this pad . DP21441 is on the box -LRB- and also D876 -RRB- and it says `` Rear '' and that is what is in the box .
 I chose the correct options . This was confirmed by Amazon that this was indeed the correct liner for my 2011 Explorer . However what they sent me only worked for 2002 to 2010 explorers . Not sure if the disconnect was with amazon or weathertech . Purchase date was 8/2011 . Quality was okay . Having bought the Ford one instead the Ford one is a little bit sturdier .
 I did n't think the manufacturer made a difference . I thought all parking guides were the same . I bought this one because was less expensive than the other ones I was looking at . I 'm pretty sure I would have been happier with a more flexible model.This Racor unit is HARD , inflexible plastic . This means it SLIDES across your garage floor . My Mother In Law has a flexible , bright yellow parking guide and it does n't move . She does n't have to tape hers to the floor . She dones n't have to learn fancy parking maneuvers to avoid it from slipping . Hers `` just works '' . Mine does not `` just work '' . Rather than return it , I 'm going to try gluing a flexible rubbery surface to the bottom of this unit . Like some old rubbery mouse pads . Something to give this device some badly-needed friction.If I had to do it again , I 'd make sure that the parking guide I was buying said that it was flexible and `` grippy '' to floor surfaces .
 I first saw the Prostar parking guide in one of those infamous in-flight catalogs . I thought to myself - what a great idea ! I look at this catalog with all sorts of nonsense , and finally here 's something worthwhile to purchase ! Eventually bought it elsewhere -LRB- go figure -RRB- . I have a tight garage space
 Listed as a correct kit for the rear brakes of 2004 Acura TL . The four clips that support that brake pads on the bracket are too big . The center portion of these clips that slip into the bracket are too wide and would be pretty deformed if you pushed hard enough to get them on . Not wanting to risk having to take them apart again if it developed a noise or problem , I ended up reusing the old ones . The other two anti rattle clips that go into the caliper fit just fine .
 These are NOT carbon fiber and do n't even look much like it either ... I may send them back . They look fair but not as they were said to be OR what I excepted .
 Very bulky and a lossy lighting spectrum color is bad too cheap plastic made in Japan it look like made in china
 useless purchase as it turned out that the tool 's actual dimensions do not match the description . Be carefull when you order this specific tool !
 This is one tool that you do not need to try . It slipped on the oil filter I tried to remove . It fits pretty tight but then just slips . I had to use a borrowed filter removal tool to get the filter off ! I ordered a different lisle filter remover to give a try because it is a lot like the one I borrowed . Do n't waste your time on this .
 Just a heads-up if you are considering buying this filter wrench for late model Toyotas - think again . If you have a cartridge type filter get the better wrench . You can make out four small spot welds in the photo directly in the center . Trust me they are not strong enough if some gorilla tightened the filter housing the last time . The welds break very easily . If you do your own oil changes and have brains enough to lube the gasket and not overtighten the filter go for it . Again , if you are a professional mechanic choose a better quality tool .
 The description says that this fits 65/67mm 14 flute filters - so - I bought a new filter , counted the flutes and measured before ordering.The filter measures 66mm across the flats , and has 14 flutes so this should fit easily - it did n't - I grabbed my calipers , this wrench measures 65mm across the flats - there 's no way this will fit the 67 mm filter it 's advertised as fitting.If I could give it zero stars I would.Update - new filter in hand , I went shopping for a wrench - AutoZone had this wrench , and it did not fit -LRB- so that rules out a defective wrench -RRB- , Advance had several wrenches on display , none of which fit , and when asked , the NAPA counterman woalked over to the display rack , spun it around and picked out one - opened that package and it fit like a glove.Interestingly enough - the NAPA package says on the card - 65/67 mm 14 flute oil filter cap wrench .
 I purchased this oil filter removal tool for my Suzuki V-strom motorcycle . My motorcycle uses a 14-flute , 66-mm oil filter . Based on the description , this oil filter tool should fit . It did not . I donated it to Goodwill . It may fit a 65-mm filter , but I would n't buy it without testing it first .
 Got one of these , and its supposed to be 3/8 '' drive . But mine was stamped wrong only half the square would clear a 3/8 '' drive , as if the manufacturing tooling was worn or something . Tried to tap it in with a hammer , and the four spot welds broke . A cheap part , made in India I believe . I do n't think even Chinese made tools are this bad these days .
 This oil filter cap wrench did n't work for me . It 's labeled `` F '' which is the same as a 65-67mm . It slips when I try to use it on a tight filter - worthless . I `` recycled '' it .
 As somebody mentioned earlier , some gorilla tightened the filter , and this tool broke on the first attempt.If you need it to apply more than moderate force , get another tool - cast aluminum .
 Used it for Toyota RAV4 , the filter was on pretty tight from the last dealer change ? The quality did n't seem that great either .
 headline says it all , this wrench which supposedly fits both 65 and 67mm filters , does not in fact fit the Fram PH6017A . Let me back up a little bit , it fit &#34; enough &#34; to tighten it about 75 % of the way , but then the grip started to slip and it would not hold a grip long enough to loosen the filter again .
 Will not work on 2008 tundra , keeps slipping even cut off the 67mm so the 65 fits all they way still slipped , put a hose clamp around it to keep it from expanding , still slipped , do n't buy , , , ,
 Advertised as 65mm . Tried using it to take off my stuck on oil filter but all it did was slip . Again I tried it on my spare oil filter , pushed it in tight but now it wo n't come off . This spare oil filter with a stuck wrench cap will be used on the next oil change and dumped where it belongs .
 Not as good as it seemed , would have liked a better fit . Not pleased , will not but this item from Amazon sellers again .
 Not as good as it seemed , would have liked a better fit . Not pleased , will not but this item from Amazon sellers again .
 It broke the second time I used it . Flimsy plastic at a critical stress point was the problem . Do n't buy .
 It broke the 1st time i tried to scrape ice off my windshield . The scraping blade broke into many pieces and is worthless as a scrapper now . I give it one star for the brush .
 The snowbrush was cracked and looked used . The bristles had what looked like dirt all over it . I am still using my old dirty one over this .
 Received this for Christmas and REALLY needed the scraper . First time I used it was fine . Next time , I noticed the ice I scraped the day before had chipped away the plastic edge . Now I just get streaks . Not happy ...
 top did n't fit as advertised . The company thru up a ton of road blocks to get it returned . i ended up just keeping it and giving it to someone else .
 Installed in may 2011 went bad in feb 2012 less than a year of use and this part have to be replaced in my car . never going to get notting from dorman again
 Motor started to turn then stopped . Now , it only makes noise . Also , the part did n't contain an OEM sticker so I assume it was n't a factory part .
 Motor worked once during installation check . Initially would only go half way across the window but after a few runs , it operated normally . Couple of days later , the rains hit and the motor failed to work . Nothing at all , voltage is getting back to motor , but motor not working . Two reviews and a year in between . Do n't buy this one . I guess new does n't mean operational .
 This motor stuck in certain positions and would not return to the docked position . Also a very noisy motor . Amazon replaced it once - the second motor did not work either . Rebuilt motor from Napa at about the same price now works fine instead .
 This stuff only works well if you wipe it off IMMEDIATELY . If you leave it on the paint to dry ... . good luck getting it off .
 This wiper motor is mounted with three screws . The threads are tapped in the casting of the motor body . The motor that I received did not have one of the three holes tapped for the mounting screw . Secondly , the motor did not have enough torque to overcome the wiper transmission and park the blades when it was turned off . This was a total disaster . I should have paid more attention to the prior reviews of this item . The motor was returned .
 Wiper motor did not work properly right out of the box . I thought something might be up when I noticed that the cover was mis-positioned and there was a large gap at one corner that would have allowed moisture to spill into the electronic components as soon as it was driven in the rain . Instead I just covered it with RTV and chalked it up to `` chinese manufacturing '' and installed it . It would stop for several seconds with the wipers up on the windshield when in low or delay modes -LRB- in delay mode the wipers are supposed to go to the `` low wipe '' position when they are paused . -RRB- The motor is supposed to reverse 1/2 turn when the wipers are turned off to activate the park cam but they only reversed 1/4 turn so the wipers would never park unless pushed down by hand . Installed a motor from the parts store -LRB- cost the same but was n't new , it was `` reman '' -RRB- and it works perfectly.I did get my money back easily though and that might keep me as a customer for name-brand items .
 Other than the fact that these headlight covers look good on the car color wise , they suck . Covers do n't cover headlights completely . They curve around the headlight all around the headlight except for where the signals are . Making them look retarded up close . These smoke covers will hinder the amount of light coming from your headlights dramatically . I ended up breaking one of the covers while re installing because I pulled on 1 just a lil to hard . No where on the internet is there an actual `` car specific picture '' of these covers . Just a lame stock picture everyone is using . Do n't waist your time with these . I 'm going with the ones made by Auto VentShade .
 I purchased this to keep in my saddle bag on my bicycle . It does not work at all with bike tires , the pressure will not register at all . Does not work ! Do not buy !
 The product arrived quickly but i was disapointed to find that there was no fuse , spring , wiring etc. . This product would be more correctly described as `` CIGARETTE LIGHTER PLUG BODY '' .
 This is a very low quality product and poorly described in the product description . No instruction are provided with the product . The company was good at responding to inquiry however the hassle factor and cost to return was to great and did not justify the return so i threw it in the trash .
 Amazon really needs to check some of their cross reference charts . This does not it a 2011 Kia LX Sorento .
 Please be aware this filter does not fit a 2011 Kia Sorento LX . It is not the right size ... : -LRB-
 How on this earth do you justify $ 15 for a single rubber `` O '' ring roughly 1/2 '' in diameter ? Six packs of assorted rings made of the same material -LRB- rubber -RRB- routinely sell for around $ 7 - $ 8 at the parts stores , but none of them are quite right . The correct ring is n't available at auto parts stores.I would expect this from and exotic performance or luxury car , but this is a bread and butter Chevy Malibu , with a bread and butter 3.1 Liter V-6 . 5 or 6 bucks would be in the `` well , it 's a dealer part '' zone . $ 15 is like a slap in the face.Amazon 's price offers some relief , but by the time you know you need it , you need it then . Plus , there 's shipping . -LRB- Unless you 're Prime . -RRB- Pro 's
 I have not bought this ball hitch , but I might if I knew what size the ball is . The product description showing `` 1.875 inch long ,1 inch wide 2.125 inch high '' does not tell me WHAT SIZE THE BALL IS ! What genuis wrote this product description ? Ridiculous !!!!!!!!!
 Like the other reviewer - I ordered the Master Lock 3464DAT One Tool Torque Hitch Ball - but received a different ball . I did receive a Master Lock ball , but it was a regular ball , not the One Tool version this listing shows . It 's a fine ball , but you do n't get what you expect . Be careful . If you really need the One Tool Torque version - I 'd suggest you shop elsewhere .
 I purchased from Amazon the Master Lock 3464DAT One Tool Torque Hitch Ball . I was sent the standard ball - not the one tool version . The item will still work , but is not the advertised item . There is no way to contact anyone to remedy the problem , other than to send item back and then order from somewhere else . I had the same experience with the hitch ball mount in same order . Classic bait and switch . Very unfortunate for a company as reputable as Amazon to deal like this !
 Despite what amazon says as of July 10 , 2010 this item DOES NOT FIT the Acura 2007 TL Base model . You can see what the correct filter looks like on another product made to fit the TL - K&N ; 33-2379 Replacement Air Filter . It should not be rectangular , but rather have a bit of an indent . The Wix website lists the correct filter model as 49224 -- NOT 49063 . I submitted feedback to get Amazon to stop suggesting this product to owners of the 2007 Acura TL , but I 'm not too confident in the customer service representative I spoke with .
 I purchased these through a promotion with mail in rebate on amazon . I bought the exact product that was detailed on the Bosh rebate form & got a letter weeks later telling me that the product did not qualify . I am very disappointed in their failure to acknowledge their promotion and will not be buying these again .
 Bosch -LRB- 4503 -RRB- FGR7DQI Platinum IR Fusion Spark Plug , Pack of 1I bought 4 of these for my 1999 Toyota Camry . My mileage went down from an average of 25 MPG to 22 MPG . The engine seems to run fine . I ran the plugs for about 3 full tanks of gas and consistently got 22 MPG . after about 1000 miles , I switched back to Denso Iridium plugs . Hope this review helps someone from make the same mistake I 've made .
 Contrary to what Amazon 's compatibility check says , this is not fit a 2000 Chevrolet Blazer 4.3 L V6 . This item shorter than the current belt .
 Bought total 4 tire gauges ; 3 digital units and 1 analog -LRB- this unit -RRB- . The digital units were as described . Analog unit received came in a plain white box with description . Looks different ; in brass color , not well packed -LRB- dusty -RRB- , scratched glass display ... the worst thing it is not accurate . Tested on my tires
 It might work , but not for a 97-01 Cherokee . the parts finder on amazon told me that it will fit . never depend on amazon parts finder , it has been right the first 10 times i ordered parts , but not this time . bando labels there belts with the last 4 numbers as the belts length in mm . this one is 6pk2310 , so that is 2310 mm . -LRB- 90.9449 '' -RRB-
 Got a few months on this belt now & as as far as I can tell it is every bit as good as the Gates brand from Checker/O ` Reilly - $ 10 less too . If we get several years out of it then I 'll call it better than the Gates brand & on an even with the Ford -LRB- OEM -RRB- product & @ 1/3 the cost what a steal that would be . But let 's not get carried away just yet . Bando & Amazon ROCK!Edit
 Ordering these `` new '' style fuses one at a time is borderline insane . Someone at Amazon should check into this and offer an assortment of 6 or 10 or 12 at a discount . I 'd pay it in a heartbeat , but I 'm not going to order 'em one at a time.And I 'll bet you wo n't either .
 Nothing to reveiw , the order was incorrectly filled , only one end hook was shipped instead of the safety chain assembly in the description . The part I did receive looks well made and suitable for use at the end of a safety chain .
 I purchased my multimeter in January of 2009 and was satisfied with the ease of use and the functionality . The booklet included with the meter was very helpful . I have a classic car and purchased the meter to find shorts and set the dwell . Recently as I began to use the tool , the dwell read 45 when turned on and not connected . When connected it was obviously way off - as the car would not have run if the reading had been correct . I tested the rpm reading which also was incorrect . I tried several times to switch it off and on , but that did n't have any effect nor did removing and reinstalling the battery . I emailed customer service describing my problem . Their response was to ask about the purchase date . Once they had that information , they informed me that my meter was out of warranty and there was no way to repair it.I realize that there are much more expensive multimeters , but I used this meter 4-5 times in two years . That seems like a quality issue .
 I bought this 6 weeks ago and used the continuity tester to check some wiring in my resuscitation of a dead car . It works great . Now that the mechanical parts are done I went to use the Ohmeter . It does n't work . Neither does the DC Voltmeter . The Continuity tester still works great ! I only used one function on this piece of crap once . Buy any other brand .
 Just bought one of these off the shelf and ran the usual basic tests -LRB- continuity , voltage -RRB- and found that the continuity test did n't make an audible tone as it should when touching the test leads . By chance I found that if you shake the meter a little bit then the tone works . Obviously a defective unit . Perhaps this could be just back luck , but I 'm still suspicious . Other than that it looks pretty nice .
 Two functions -LRB- rpm and dwell -RRB- do not work . I could return it but that will cost me . So I shall keep it around the shop and use as a DMM .
 I bought this today to set the points of my 73 Lincoln Mark iv , and just as a similar reviewer remarked , my unit is reading 45 on the 8cyl Dwell setting , whether it is attached to the coil or not . Adjusting the points does not affect this reading either . Not a good start out of the box . I shall be returning this paperweight to Autozone and will seek out another manufacturer 's equipment as an alternative.Actron CP7677 Automotive TroubleShooter - Digital Multimeter and Engine Analyzer
 I order my lights , and the came before delivery time , I was very please until I open the box . the package look like it had been on a storm . very very damage . Personally I do n't recomend the seller -LRB- They fail to solve my problem , they do n't even return my mails anymore -RRB- . The lights shopping experience was terrible , the lights itself are ok !
 I applied it , and the mirror stayed for a couple of days . Then it fell off . I give it two stars instead of one , because I may have moved it a bit , only a bit in the installation .
 Main problem with this product is the size . It does not fit in most of he motorcycles that I know . This is a consequency of cheap design and materials.The concept is good , but still lacks an ignition lock in case the alarm sets off . Finally , not having independant battery is also a big drawback , given the very low cost of a small rechargable battery .
 Bought a set of these for my Jag XJS . They were purported to be custom cut but they do not fit the foot well and have to have folds along the edges and are not fitted like originals are.Trying to make contact to anyone that cares or could do anything is impossible.Will be returning these and will get a proper set.I wonder if any other vehicles have the same issues , but seems that for my Jag , their template was off .
 These appear to be solid , well made bearing protectors with one fatal flaw
 This product was not machined correctly . No matter how hard I tried , I could not get the bearing protector to seat properly inside the hub . I have done this previously with other bearing protectors with no problems . I can only conclude that the product was not precisely machined and was too big .
 Item arrived with a lip on the edge that needed to be ground off and polished prior to being able to fit in a hub . The zerk fitting leaks and will need to be replaced prior to being able to use it . The item is chrome polished so it does look good . It just does n't really function as a bearing protector . It is total garbage . Buy a good one . Leave this one on the bargain shelf .
 Nifty floor mats didnt come close fitting my 2007 chevy silverado , it took 12 working days to get my money from CARID after I had to send pictures showing they didnt fit . 7 working days to get am RMA and another 5 working days after they received the product back . NEVER order from CARID or nifty floor mats but if you do and get Brian B with Carid as your contact just hope you dont have to return the product .
 I 'm giving this a 1 , because that 's the lowest you can give ... I should n't even give it that . First of all , the item does not look like this at all . the holes are in different places . I have a Ford . That 's what the picture shows . I received my floor mats that belong to a chevy . I was not able to return them due to the 30 day policy ... I think I was at 32 days . Needless to say , I am still using them . but they slide around too much , because they are n't fastened down .
 The actual item does not match the picture . Instead of having `` CENTRAL FLORIDA '' across the top , it has `` UCF '' in very small letters and is barely legible . The top part is mostly whitespace . The word `` KNIGHTS '' is also smaller than pictured , but is at least legible . On either side of the `` KNIGHTS '' are the Knight mascot rather than UCF . If the actual item had been shown , I would not have purchased it .
 Although the website indicated being the correct set of front brakes for my car , these did n't fit . The end tabs were too wide to fit in the caliper brackets and the outside edges were not camphored . Had to return these to Ama-Zoney and buy something locally , as they were needed in a hurry . I purchased the rear set of brakes - also AC Delco - -LRB- part # 17D1336CH -RRB- from Ama-zony and they fit & installed perfectly . So , my best guess would be that these would be just as good - just be sure that they do fit your car beofre you order . If you happen to have a 2008-2010 Honda Accord 4 cyl . the AutoZone equivalent part number for the front brakes is
 To make a long story short.these are a very generic item , that no longer contain , the padded spacers , that fit between the airbag , and the upper bumper post.This spacer-pad , can be seen , in older pictures , of the product , for THIS !! application , but aren , t included any more , and the customer help line said , quote -LCB- they will work , by expanding OUTWARD , against the spring , and the spacer , isn , t needed -RCB- I said -- You need a new -- tin foil hat !! -- and returned them.They charged a 25 % restock fee -- That is 4wheelonline DID - !!! BEWARE !!!
 With in one week the wrist area was getting tore from me just trying to put them on . The palm area does seem like there is enough protection . They do breath well and are not that great in the cold wind . It was an impulse buy and I will not be buying another Joe Rocket Product .
 The Bando Serpentine Drive Belt purchased through Amazon is a great price/value purchase which was substantially more economical than the usual product obtained through the Lexus dealer and works just fine , as advertised ... why pay more ? and , it was promptly delivered within two days of order . Could n't be more satisfied with the transaction ! UPDATE !!!! After less than 8 months , this item failed -LRB- it broke with less than 5,000 miles of use -LRB- belt should last approx 60,000 miles . Perhaps after market item is not as good quality as original equipment .
 I purchased these to upgrade the 55 watt bulbs in my Hella Black Magic driving lamps . What a disappointment ... the stick-on label covering the Hella barcoding on the box should have tipped me off . . `` Made in South Korea '' ?? And unlike the product photo these bulbs do NOT have `` HELLA '' printed on the metal tab.Worse , the metal tabs are not properly aligned or securely crimped to the glass bulb so if you manage to fit one in to the holder the bulb is mis-aligned and the metal tabs are not in full contact with the corresponding metal tabs of the holder.Could they `` work '' ? If you define `` work '' as lighting up , probably ... -LRB- I did n't try powering them -RRB- but the previously noted faults result in three major issues .1 -RRB- Bulb alignment is critical as the `` sweet-spot '' of the reflector is small ; misalignment misdirects light decreasing the amount of light delivered where the designer intended .2 -RRB- A 100 watt bulb gets very hot ; misalignment of the metal tabs means poor contact to the holder so little heat will be drawn away from the bulb significantly reducing bulb life .3 -RRB- A 100 watt bulb draws a lot of current ; that same poor alignment / contact means all that current passes through a very small connection producing even more heat.Buyer beware !!
 Says it will fit , only about a foot short , Amazon wants me to pay the return postage . Their `` this fits your vechicle '' is in error . Guess I should also order a belt lengthener . Totally junk
 Definitley enjoyed how much brighter they were while they lasted . First one died after about a week , and the next died the following day ... really disappointed . My stock bulbs were 10 years old and still worked fine .
 I got the bulbs fast from Amazon and put them in my Sienna fog light position . They were brighter than the OEM . The only problem is that the lights just went out after one month of use and we mainly use the van on weekends !! So right now I 'm debating to get another pair or go with another company .
 I bought 2 cans each of both this and the 3M Woodgrain and Stripe Remover to use to remove the woodgrain from a late 1970s station wagon . Despite the highly toxic smell , neither product worked well and performed far worse than aircraft stripper I bought at the local auto parts chain store . Despite following the directions explicitly this product actually removed very little of the adhesive . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 What can one conclude if they receive an unsealed package that says HELLA Made in Germany on it and the Bulbs inside are some unheard of before brand Made in Poland ??? Sure the price looks good but for the right product . No one gave a chance to contact the supplier if they made a genuine mistake , so I returned them . I guess no more HELLAs from Amazon for me .
 I ordered two of these NGK C7HSA plugs and neither will spark . I had the local auto parts store order some for me and they work OK.I would request a Return Material Authorization number but it would not be cost effective as shipping equals the value of the items.This is a first with me having any problems with products sold at / / amazon.com . The plugs were not packaged correctly and took a beating on their way to my house .
 They were incorrect for a qmb-139 engine.mmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm
 The spark plugs were the correct size ; however , they were missing the top piece that allows the plugs to better fit into the wiring harness . I had to purchase different spark plugs to obtain the necessary top pieces to fit the wiring harness .
 I read the reviews saying this would fit my car and it was great . it turned out it was 2 inches to small for my 97 accord SE . Do n't buy
 It is too big for my car . Luckily my moms a seamstress and she can alter it but amazon is so deceiving . They said that it can fit .
 I actually had to order the part again because the motor made so much noise . Amazon sent a new one at no charge although they seemed to be reluctant becasuse more than a few days had passed . The part is warrantied for a year so I did n't understand that . Delco said that the seller was responsible . Also , I had to bear the second installation charge which in the end negated much of the benefit of having purchased from Amazon .
 No , no ... and no ! This wax does not help remove swirl marks as it claims ! Works just like any other wax ; easy to apply and difficult to buff . Not a significant gummy or powdery residue , but it 's just like you had not waxed at all . No significant improvement to your car . Black Magic is a far batter alternative .
 I have found nanowax easy to apply , but wil not buy it for the following reasons : - turns chalky on dark plastic after a few months.-refuses to bead water after only 3 months of summer exposure.if it ca n't handle the easy seasons , how can i expect it to stand up to salt and sand ??
 The gasket is narrower than pictured . I have a real jerry can dated to the early 1950 's . The original gasket is dried out and I tried this one . It does not work . It is too narrow to cover the small vent hole that is under the cap - so when the the lid or cap is screwed in the cap leaks . The idea is the vent hole is covered by the gasket when the cap is screwed in , but uncovered when the filler spout is screwed on . Whomever produced these gaskets dones n't know how the Jerry can works . The orginal gasket is more than twice as wide to make a tight seal over the vent hole with the cap .
 Definitely cool product for holding jacket or coat ... until you put the seat back and it falls to the floor . Perhaps useful for a four door ... but not for a two door . I would not purchase again .
 Extremely overpriced , but if you own a Break My Wallet and want an official B.M.W. coathanger , then bend over and grab your ankles . I 've purchased many genuine BMW parts from a dealership and most of the time , I 'm pleasantly surprised by how inexpensive it is . Not so with this part.This is not a criticism of the company I purchased it from -LRB- Lukas -RRB- . Their price was very similar to the dealership price -LRB- where I get a substantial `` frequent flyer '' discount -RRB- . This appears to be a discontinued item that the dealership could no longer get , so Lukas was my backup.On top of this , it is n't very convenient to use in a hatchback -LRB- probably the same goes for coupes -RRB- . I have to tilt the seatback forward to use it . The main hanger part can dislodge from the base and fall to the floor a little to easily . I 'm also slightly concerned about rear seat passengers doing a face plant on it during hard braking or a front-end collision .
 I purchased this product at Walmart to use with our portable dvd players . The plug does not fit snuggly and falls out easily . The part that fits into the cigarette lighter is a great fit . It 's the end that attaches to the dvd player that is the problem . I 'll be exchaning it for another brand .
 I purchased the 0900-59 model . After about a year of use , it exploded while I was plugging it in . Sparks and smoke everywhere . Fortunately I got it unplugged and turned off before it hurt anyone , but I no longer trust this manufacturer .
 Purchased for a DVD player for an 18 hour trip with a toddler ! Did n't charge at all and blew the fuse . If I could find the receipt I 'd take this piece of junk back ! Do n't waste your $ $
 Even after reading the ` not so great reviews ' I decided to take a chance on this product because I had one that just quit working after several years of use . Well , I thought my radio was being charged but it was just the batteries that played the radio not the charger . I double checked it on my own vehicle to make sure the cigarette lighter worked . Now it is after the two weeks to return the product and I have a useless piece of junk . I am a mailman who needs to listen to my own radio because the postal trucks do not have them . Batteries get so expensive ! Does anyone have any suggestions for a charger that works ?
 Did what it needed to do . The plastic ring around the cigarette lighter plug part cracked and is now no longer usable . Made cheaply . As long as you do n't expect this thing to last a long time , you 're probably OK with it .
 This review is about the seller of these boots , rather than the boots themselves . 11 days ago I placed the order for these boots , never having received a shipment notification ... I emailed Motorcycle Superstore for an update . My reply from them came in the form of issuing a credit , no notifications , no explainations . While I am very pleased to have my funds returned for an item that I did not receive ... it seems to me that a communication of any sort , be it an out of stock issue or other issues that would prevent the order shipping would be a good business practice .
 after soaking my carburetor -LRB- for 3 hours -RRB- this stuff did not clean any part of it . even the old gasket did not get soft and had to be scraped off . this is not the old carb cleaner that use to be , does not look or smell as the old type . dont wast your money .
 New stuff is TERRIBLE , leaves a yellow residue that hardens when it dries on the carb parts clogging passages and jets . Switched to the equivalent berryman carb cleaner dip , not going back .
 I have n't had to use a bug/tar remover in many years . I saw the `` 7 '' and thought it was the one I used to use . It was not . Totally usless on dried bugs . They had been on for a few days and I was able to get them off with a pressure washer . I seem to remember just putting the old removers on a cloth and in a few swipes they were off . I wonder if most removers have a new formulation that is supposed to be easy on the clearcoat ?
 Time to change my plugs in my DODGERAM 1500 5.7 Hemi.I searched Amazon for some good plugs.I found some reviews on these with the site telling me they will work in my 2004 Dodgeram 1500 . I paid AMMCO Transmission 250.00 to put them in.The cost is high because its real pain in labor time for these.Mind you 16 plugs go in this engine.OK so the first 2000k miles everything was fine ... then the problem ... went to the Dodge dealer the service dept says do not put platinum plugs in this engine ... he gave me some tech talk about heat and all that ... and the misfire codes were all over the place ... 3 misfires.I said to the service rep '' ` but Amazon says they fit '' Yea they fit just not compatible with this engine , , , he says 5000k more mile and could blow a piston.Another $ 337.00 to replace plugs again.DO NOT PUT THESE IN A DODGE HEMI ENGINE !!!!!!!!
 Bought these for a 2005 Trailblazer -LRB- 90,000 mile -RRB- which resulted in constant random misfiring -LRB- p0300 -RRB- , hesitation , and poor mpg . Decided to go back to the OEM ACDelco plugs and everything runs great now .
 This review is about the seller of these boots , rather than the boots themselves . 11 days ago I placed the order for these boots , never having received a shipment notification ... I emailed Motorcycle Superstore for an update . My reply from them came in the form of issuing a credit , no notifications , no explainations . While I am very pleased to have my funds returned for an item that I did not receive ... it seems to me that a communication of any sort , be it an out of stock issue or other issues that would prevent the order shipping would be a good business practice .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 I waited till the weather got cold to really see how these shocks function . Weather under 25 degress causes these shocks to not extend and provide comfortable ride . Cold weather causes these shocks to not fully extend when weather is below freezing . Above freezing temps , shocks work well . Do n't recommend for Wisconsin winter usage . Rough ride .
 I gave this 1 star because it would not let me do otherwise ... I can not rate this item because the box had been opened prior to my receiving it . Someone had tried to put it together but tried to put the big end into the small end . It stripped the threads.I was really surprised that this item was sold again after the damage . I returned it and got a full refund . Please , please do not sell damaged goods to loyal customers . You will lose them quickly that way .
 The threads on one side of the bar are all messed up and I ca n't screw the rubber part in . Very poor quality control on such a simple item . Unusable . No excuse for this sloppiness . Not worth shipping back so I get to eat the cost on this purchase .
 I used this dipstick heater in a Subaru Outback for the first time this past Saturday . The overnight temp was ten below . The black rubber of the electrical cord on the heater solidified and cracked completely . I had to apply electrical tape to prevent shorting . It was extremely difficult to get the long element into the dipstick tube . The second time I attempted to insert it into the tube , the element buckled like an accordion despite my being very careful . It is now in the trash . A complete waste of money .
 Unit was shipped with a bent tip rendering it useless to fit any oil dipstick tube . I re-shaped it , plugged it in and it worked but would n't recommend buying .
 does not work a piece of junk total waste of money would not recommend . it doesn , t heat up enough to do anything
 All the negative reviews are correct . I installed this dipstick EXACTLY per instructions . It burned out during the first use . Amazon needs to drop this thing .
 I got this thinking it would warm up my car or keep it warm it doesnt work , waste of money , dont buy it
 One use , and gone . Warmer car up , as instructed , inserted in block -LRB- dipstick -RRB- , seems to work the one evening , but never again ...
 Do Not Buy !!!! The unit failed after one week of operation just like the other reviewers mentioned . It 's a shame , it worked well at first and I thought it was really going to be useful . The unit was never abused and was only run while it was sitting in the crankcase . It 's just a piece of junk .
 What can I say , it burned out the first time I used it . save yur money and go for a better item that will last .
 These items have a high failure rate . I wanted one to keep the oil warm in my Cessna . I 've tried three all failed .
 Description says `` Three prong grounded plug '' . This is not accurate . It is a 2-prong ungrounded unit that shorts out when submerged in the pre-heated oil . I debated purchasing this item due to the negative reviews . I am a retired industrial maintenance tech and yes I followed the directions . Since they were calling for blizzard conditions I thought it would be worth the risk . I installed it in my -LRB- warmed up -RRB- tractor and plugged the unit in . The following day after the storm subsided , I went out to see if it was working . It was ice cold and I could see by the discoloration that it had indeed heated up and shorted out . I ordered a replacement and I am hoping that I will get the proper 3-PRONG grounded unit.Just an update
 I received the 20 '' Dipstick Heater and it only worked once . The second time I used it the unit never heated up . So as you can imagine my review is not a postive one .
 after reading the reviews i bought this with some hesitation . i had the same affect as the other two guys . i pluged it in one night when the oil was warm and it didnt keep the engine warm but it kept the oil warm resulting in better oil flow for the first couple minutes of start up . the next night i went to use it again with the oil hot and the next morning when i pulled it out and touched it it was ice cold -LRB- 0 degrees out -RRB- . i tried it two more nights since then and it does not work anymore . next time ill buy one that goes in the lower radiator hose
 Dont waste your money like I did on this heater . I tried it on three different vehicles and could not get it to fit on any of them . It was to short to reach into the oil on every vehicle .
 I bought this for my Mercedes diesel when Chicago dropped to -10 . I installed it in the dipstick tube and plugged it in - but all I got was a little bit of smoke . There was plenty of oil in the pan - but this heater apparently burned out within 10 seconds . After 5 minutes plugged in I pulled it out and felt it - the thing was n't even warm . Do n't buy one .
 I had used a a dipstick heater for a few years . I do n't remember what brand it was but it did a satisfactory job . I misplaced it so I ordered a Kat 's dipstick heater expecting similar results . I inserted the new heater into the crankcase and plugged it in . I came back a few hours later to check on it and it had burned out . Do n't waste your money on this .
 I bought this to warm the crankcase on my diesel loader . Worked once then stopped . Cost me $ 36.00 for one start-up !
 Tried one unit which worked for about an hour
 the product is ok . however , the arrived package was broken with heavily wrapped tape . the bars were not inside the plastic wrap . all indicates it was a returned product from the retailer who did not bother to repack it .
 Unit not capable of holding door frame.No rain gutters on nre cars . Angle of bracket and length not well engineered . Unusable for Honda cars and CRV
 I was under the impression I had to have these for my 2005 Honda Pilot , which does not have crossbars , to use with the Highland soft-sided car top carrier . These bars are supposed to attach to your car using straps and clips , but the clips did not attach anywhere . Even after jury-rigging the straps , the bars still moved around and did not seem very secure . Was glad I purchased the Surelok Tiedown straps . I attached the car carrier straps to the crossbars anyway for a 6-hour trip , and everything worked fine -LRB- probably due to the extra tie-downs -RRB- . But on the trip home , I did not attach the car carrier to the crossbars -LRB- attached side-to-side instead -RRB- , and nothing budged . So if you have an older Pilot , I do n't think you need these crossbars for the `` Highland 10391 Kar Pak Rainproof Soft-Sided Car Top Carrier . ''
 We bought this roof rack two summers ago for our 2005 Nissan Altima . We wanted to use it for carrying extra beach items for a week-long trip . At most , we were typically driving about 2 hours with the rack and a `` roof-bag '' -LRB- see my link below -- we 've been happy with the bag -RRB- . After using this roof rack for two summers , I 've come to the conclusion that it 's not worth the hassle . I basically bought it because it was cheap , and for the price , I figured it was worth a try.I have several gripes . A big complaint is that it takes forever for us to confidently secure our rack . And the strap system does n't seem so safe , to be honest . Basically , the clips did n't fit our car , and we had to run the straps along the inside of our car -LRB- above our heads -RRB- . Plus , we ended up having to buy heavy duty S-hooks to keep tension on the straps . Once this was all put together -LRB- usually after 45 minutes of installation each time -- with the help of my father , a contractor who understands a thing or two about securing things -RRB- , it stayed put . It also had a bit of road noise , and I always worried when driving over 60 mph.So this summer I 'm getting ready to purchase a more name-brand , and expensive , roof rack system . Yakima and Rhino come up in the searches -LRB- as do Thule , but it looks like they do n't make a brand specifically for the '05 Altima like the others -RRB- . They all seem to be $ 270 at cheapest , but do n't have the straps . I think it 's worth the peace of mind , plus you could leave the rack on full-time . That 's something we 've not been comfortable with , with the strap rack.FYI
 Recieved the shipment but it was missing some of the hardware . I would give the return process 5 stars they refunded my money back into my bank account within 3 days of recieving the returned item .
 I was really excited to buy this bar carrier system , as I do n't have a truck and this would enable me to haul stuff on the top of my vehicle . My first putting this to use , however , was n't for lumber , furniture , or anything heavy - just skis.I followed the installation instructions , and strapped them onto the car VERY tightly . I could actually hold on to them and rock the entire car by trying to dislodge them ... and they would n't move . I expected that would be tight enough as I could n't go any tighter.After attaching a ski rack -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000Q5G7SI -RRB- to these cross bars and securing 2 sets of skis and two ski poles -LRB- all facing the right direction - so they were n't pushing against the wind -RRB- we started our adventure . When we first got on the freeway and got up to around 45 mph one of the attachment points , at my drivers side door , started to whistle . So , we pulled off the freeway and I got out of the car and just noticed that I had n't pulled the hanging strap -LRB- extra strap that you just secure inside the car -RRB- into the car all the way when closing the door . I made sure the rig was still tight , which it was , and started on my way again . This time , there was n't any whistling or unusual sounds.After being on the freeway , going between 75 - 80 mph , for about 30 mins the entire ski/rack/top bar system blew entirely off our car . Thankfully it was early in the morning and I like to drive away from cars , in empty pockets . The rig blew off the car and skidded around in the lane behind me but came to a rest on the side of the road . I was fuming mad at the manufacturers of such a crummy cross bar system , but at the same time extremely grateful there was n't a car behind me and I did n't put skis through their front window potentially ending their lives . We went back for the skis -LRB- obviously -RRB- and to clear this hazard off the road . The skis were a little banged up , but still usable . The ski rack was a little bent but should still work . The cross bars were destroyed . Each end of the cross bars have the plastic supports/feet that actually sit on your car , and two of them were cracked into two pieces -LRB- probably the source of these breaking and flying off our car -RRB- . Long story short
 We installed the rack and checked it at every stop . 600 miles down the road , all seemed fine then the front straps let go . I had checked the straps just a few miles back when I bought gas . My car is now dented and the paint is badly scratched in several places.I am utterly disgusted with this product . Amazon should not sell this inferior product . It is a sham .
 While the bars fit across my Taurus , the metal grips that were supposed to sit inside the car door were to shallow to use . It would not even fit past my rubber window sealing . They should tell you the grips are only 1/2 inch deep . Very disappointing .
 I purchased this product specifically because it said it was universal and could be used on cars , trucks , and SUVs . I used it for the first time yesterday on my 2010 Chevy Traverse and the clip that grasps the edge of the vehicle doorway let go when I went over a bump and my kayak went flying . I had pulled and yanked to be sure that it seemed like it would hold and it seemed like it was going to be OK . It was fine on the trip to the lake . I double checked when returning home but it did n't make it . Not happy . Not impressed . Still needing to figure out what to do about it .
 This seemed like a good inexpensive way to haul my kayaks on top of my GMC crew cab . Bad idea ! It might be OK for a very short trip but is far to unstable for any distance . The carrier is probably fine for something rather light and with a low profile but for anything that will catch the wind I would n't recommend it . Also , the nylon straps really &#34; sing &#34; in the wind .
 flew off the top of my car on first use - lost &#62; $ 1200 of ski & snowbaord equipment . would not buy again .
 One of clamps broke and the bar blew off the car going down the highway on my first trip with them , before I ever had a load on them .
 This item does not fit all cars to may it hold . The clips sliped out and the carrier flapped and broke the back window of the car . and it was propertly put on right . Rate it as minus stars
 I traveled about 400 miles each way with this roof rack , and I was highly disappointed . on the first trip the rubber feet somehow blew away . and on the second trip , our luggage flipped off the roof along with the racks ! -LRB- highway driving -RRB- . No warning whatsoever . If you 're going to use these racks , I would suggest using a ratchet strap for your bag as reinforcement .
 This is as basic a carrier as you can imagine ... two hollow metal bars , four plastic feet with rubbers , four nuts and bolts to fasten the feet onto the bars , and four vinyl straps with rubber coated metal hooks to grab the roof edge of the car . I used one of these bars to strap a vinyl luggage pack to the top of my car and it worked fine from Texas through the Rockies into Oregon.I gave it 2 stars because ... the metal clips that grab onto the edge of the roof interrupted the weather seal causing water to leak into the car , plus wind noise -LRB- Cavalier owners Beware -RRB- . I had to send my first order back because the box ripped open and most parts were lost in the mail , when I received my second order all parts were in the box and was undamaged ... but , as I easily assembled the feet onto the bars -LRB- three holes to choose from to slide the bolts through on each end -RRB- , The holes on one end did not line up with the holes on the other end . Can you imagine the feet faced in two different directions ?! What numb-nut did that ? I ended up drilling an extra hole . I DID NOT give it one star because it did its job ... I will continue to use it , but not in the rain or on long trips .
 I purchased this bar carrier to attach a large luggage bag to the top of a 2007 Toyota Corolla . I rode around with just this bar carrier on for several days to make sure it was well-attached and did not shift as I drove . Satisfied with that , I loaded the full luggage bag -LRB- about 40lb . -RRB- onto the top of the car attached tightly to the bar carrier . I tested everything by hand for tightness then took off down the road at about 50MPH . Two miles down the road the entire assembly flew off the car and landed on the road . The flimsy plastic feet of one bar were smashed beyond use . I contacted the manufacturer and asked for a refund , but of course they have not responded . And I do n't expect them to . The bar carrier might work fine for loading things like a few boards on top where the air can move around the items rather than getting under them and ripping them off . It might also work well to just keep a load from touching the top of the car if you then lash the load down with straps going through the windows or around the door frame . This might do well for short trips at low speeds , like from a store to home , but it 's no good to be used as advertised .
 Purchased this prior to vacation because I wanted to be able to transport a rented surf board from the beach to the hotel and back . First decided to use it to transport 2 beach chairs and 2 beach umbrellas down to SC from CT. . I attached everything securely as instructed . Everything looked good , felt tight and appropriate . Still not sure exactly what happened , but once I reached 60 mph on the highway -LRB- approximately 5 miles into our trip -RRB- , the whole thing gave way and flew off the car causing huge dents and scratches on my car . Thank goodness no one was behing me or it would have caused an accident . Looking at about $ 800 worth of body repairs on the car . NOT HAPPY !
 Did n't even get an hour out of town and the metal supports/bars came loose causing all of our luggage to fall onto the freeway . I read some of the reviews before purchasing , and because of those we added extra tie downs & supports , but the supid thing still broke . If I could I 'd give this piece of crap zero stars !!! Save your money & sanity .
 We carefully read the instructions and installed the roof rack . We were using it to hold one large suitcase and a folding double stroller . Everything was strapped down and secure . About 20 minutes from home the rack flew off the car , along with all of our stuff . We were on a major highway in California . The fact that no one was seriously injured is a miracle . Our load was lighter for the remainder of our trip as we no longer had anything to haul!Seriously , this was a nightmare . Think we 'll need to pay up for something better next time .
 The price was too good to be true for a car top carrier . Not badly made , just a very poor design for my 04 honda civic . Would not use on a trip of more than 1 or 2 miles . It would likely fly off the top of the car .
 This product is a cheap solution if you 're looking for a temporary removable roof rack . Otherwise , if you 're looking for something a bit more permanent , move on from this one . I gave it two stars because one , it arrives quickly , and two , its what it says it is , otherwise , save your money ,
 I was scared to put any luggage on this because I was afraid it would disconnect from the car
 I recieved this via a freight forwarder who noted the package was open/taped , however the four feet that raise the bar off the roof are missing from the box rendering the product useless . How do I file a claim with Amazon for this ? I 've never experienced this problem with Amazon before .
 The very first time I used the carrier , I went on a 6 hour round trip with a rooftop bag attached . The first three hours went fine , but I stopped and tightened the straps midway through . About on hour through the trip home , I stopped and checked it again and everything seemed fine . Then a short distance down the road , one clip let go and the whole system -LRB- both bars and the bag went airborn -RRB- and landed in the middle of the highway . The feet shattered and all four rubber pads went missing . The bag was ruined , but managed to protect my belongings . Very disappointed that there is no safety set up in case one of the clips lets go . VERY DANGEROUS .
 I just received this roof rack set -LRB- lightning fast shipment and secure packaging from Amazon -RRB- and I am not pleased with it . Specifically ; * The supports are plastic , they should mention this in the description , I assumed that the bar supports would be metal . * The gripping feet that come in contact with the car roof are smooth and slippery so even when the straps are as tight as I can pull them and the assembly will not move side to side , they still slip on the roof front to back . * The lip holding the foot onto the plastic support is also rather flimsy . '' All in all it 's cheap made in China crap , you definitely get what you pay for . I am going to try to find some rubber gripping material to use under the feet to stop them from sliding around .
 This was a horrible product . Used it once and the plastic foot holding the crossbar broke . This resulted in my kayak skipping into the ditch . This is not a good product for any purpose . DO N'T BUY IT
 Tried these racks on my 2012 F150 , my wifes 09 Odyssey , and my neighbors 2010 Tundra and the hooks wont hold on any of the vehicles . Wont hold on any rain gutters on the roof or hook inside the door , disappointed . I had to go out and spend more money to have longer straps with ratchets that would come inside the cab and secure it down . Not as advertised .
 We used these to carry a kayak on top of the car . About a minute after hitting 60 mph , the kayak fell off of the roof and into the middle of the highway . Thankfully there was n't anyone right behind us , and oncoming traffic stopped for us while we removed it from the road . What had happened was the straps holding the racks to the roof had frayed and broke . They are made of cheap and inadequate material . We ended up having to strap the kayak directly to the roof .
 Anxiously waited for the product to be pleased by it 's earlier than planned arrival . Took it out of the packaging read all the instructions and precautions to be assured to be placing it on the vehicle properly . After placing the carrier on the car I decide to do a quick double check of it 's secureness and it breaks in one of the inlet slots where you put the straps through . Overall a very cheaply and poorly made weak prouct ... but alas we get what we pay for ... unfortunately ... live and learn
 I would not recommend this item , it did n't fit properly on my car , the straps kept falling off and the plastic pieces that hold the bars cracked . I would not buy it if I were you , it is just a big headache and a waste of money .
 The ` feet ' are made of plastic and broke when I was tightening the strap , so I was never able to use the rack . I returned the rack and did get a refund right away though .
 I 'm regretting taking the cheap route , this product is complete garbage ! The mounts are made out of plastic , and as I was tightening the straps down , the plastic bar that the straps wrap around snapped off and made it useless . I tried to work around the one broken piece , but as I was trying to secure it again , the other side snapped ! I rage hurled it to the garbage . AVOID THIS !
 Purchased this to use with J-carriers to transport two kayaks . The product looks fine , but the base units are plastic , and the tie downs connect around plastic pins . The second time we used it , the entire unit broke away from the car roof -LRB- thankfully I was able to stop fast , and no one was following -RRB- . It appeared that once one plastic pin broke , they all failed in short order.This carrier might be just fine for more lightweight transport , and perhaps even for a single kayak sitting flat , but it was a near disaster for my application .
 I installed this onto my wife 's BMW to pick up our kid from college , in case she has extra stuff to bring home over the summer.She ended up not needing it and the rack stayed empty . On the way home one of the rack flew off in the middle of the highway going 70MPH . Thank goodness no one was behind her car or she could have hurt someone.I 'm pretty handy and I installed this on really tight , but it still flew off ...
 While it may work on other vehicles , this is just a warning for those of you with a Mazda5 . It causes the sliding doors to flex and allows water in .
 The product looks nice , but it is hard to put something together when you only have half the pieces ! Otherwise I think it will do the trick when I get all the equipment .
 Well , we tried it out by itself -LRB- in other words , without something strapped to it . It was noisy , but stayed on without an obvious problems . Tried it with a kayak tied down to it . Still no problem , but noisier . Then we tried tying our new cargo bag to it instead of taking the straps from the bag through the car windows , and it totally slid off the back of the car on the parkway going no more than 65 . What a waste .
 we used this product to secure the Highland 15 Cubic Feet top carrier bag , however the bars would n't stay flush to the car . At least 2 of the pads were lost in transit , and had we not tied the straps to the inside handles we would have lost our entire load . If you have a Ford Focus ... BEWARE
 The bars have very thin walls and can not support any kind of load . The plastic towers are flimsy and crack or split within a few uses , so the bars are not secured . The tower feet are not attached and do not stay on when the racks are removed . The strap tightening hardware develops rust within a couple of weeks . This is a shoddily designed and contructed product . Not worth the money .
 Thought it was pretty secure on the roof with the buckles hooked into the roof lip . Just past Indianapolis on Rt # 70 the whole load flew off the roof into the path of the car behind me . $ 200ticket plus damage to the other car . If you use this roof carrier , be sure to have a ratcheted belt going all the way around through the inside of the car .
 This oil was recommended by my leather bag manufacturer . The packaging was so poor that a quarter of the bottle leaked all over . I did n't end up using it because I did n't want to clean up the mess .
 This kind of oil works well , but this particular product is WAY WAY WAY overpriced . Here , you 're paying 1 dollar per ounce . In a tack shop -LRB- horseback riding equipment shop -RRB- , you can get a 32 ounce bottle for 10 bucks . It 's a good product
 I would like to know why it is taking so long to ship this item , when it is an item that i need to be able to get my car running .
 I waited extra time for these custom fit seat covers but when I received they were n't even close to fitting my truck nor anything Dodge has made in the past 30 years . Also the fabric is cheat and already had snags all over it when I took the covers out of the box . Just stay away from this sub par product , you will be much happier . These seat covers do n't come close to the standards I 've come to expect from Amazon .
 The pump that comes with the unit is awful . The noise coming from it can be heard over the engine and the radio at a low volume , not to mention the static that it sends through the speakers . The strainer , meter , and the gasket are all fine . Anyone looking at this unit should buy the sending unit by itself and get a good aftermarket pump .
 The floor mats fit well . The driver 's side mat does not have an eyelet for the retention hook mounted to the floor , and that is disappointing as the description says they exist when `` required '' -LRB- and the general photo shows two eyelets -RRB- . The floor mats are a much lighter gray than the gray interior of the pickup . But the mats are thick and should last a long time.Edit 11/16/2012
 Bad purchase , Place my order for Denso 234 4000 and was sent a Denso 12609159 , lost my money and time .
 Never fit tight enough to pass emission testing in Arizona . I would never buy this item again , need better fit than this will offer .
 the dash mat was the wrong one . i sent it back over a week ago and there has been no refund or replacement yet . not even an email .
 This product broken when I went through the car wash . The plastic that was attached to the hood actually broke so it is now a piece of garbage . Very disappointed in this product .
 This product may be fine for the plastics that it 's intended to work on but , it does n't work on all plastic and that 's something that you do n't find out until you receive the item and read the label . It does n't tell you that , on the Amazon web site when you purchase it . Even when you get the product and read the label , you still wo n't know if it will work unless you happen to know what kind of plastic that you are trying to mend.I just had to try it to see if it would work . It did n't ! I would n't buy this unless you know what kind of plastic you have and can find out what plastic it is intended to mend . I no longer have the label so I ca n't post that information here . FYI , this is not a Plastic welding system . It is simple a two part epoxy .
 Nice looking but needs work to install on a any type of regular sedan vehicle.Comes with screws that need a lot of work to fit , and a junky allen wrench.got loose in less than a day . lots of work to tighten and maintain.A competitor could clean up by making a better version . Do n't waste your money .
 It comes with these plastic caps that do n't work good . It has seriously popped off about 10 times ! I ripped off my shifter and now I regret it , I am now going to have to buy a new one all together because it popped off and got stuck completely where I cant get the base part out of the knob . Looks cool but needs better parts .
 I GAVE THIS 2 STARS NOT BECAUSE OF THE QUALITY BUT BECAUSE IT IS NOT FOR JUST ANY AUTOMATIC SHIFTER BAR . I FOLLOWED THE DIRECTIONS EXACTLY AND THIS KNOB JUST WOULD NOT FIT . I DOES NOT JUST SCREW ON AND YOU ARE DONE . YOU HAVE TO SECURE A PIECE ONTO THE SHIFTING BAR WITH ALLEN SCREWS . THE THREADED HOLES FOR THESE WERE NOT DRILLS ALL IN THE SAME SPOT AROUND THE SHEATH OR PART . SO IT WOULD NOT SECURE . I TRIED DRILLING THE HOLE IN THE RIGHT SPOT BUT IT BECAME UNTHREADED AND WOULDNT WORK . I FINALLY HAD TO DRILL A HOLE UP AND DOWN THE WHOLE PIECE TO MAKE IT WORK . I WOULD HAVE RATED IT HIGHER BECAUSE ONCE YOU GET IT ON IT LOOKS REALLY COOL BUT I HAVE TO REALLY RIG THIS UP TO MAKE IT WORK .
 this knob does not fit any jeep cherokee with an automatic transmission in the years 96 to 2001 . the gear selectors diameter is too large for the knob to slide on with no modification , then the paint and metal on the knob itself wore away . i do not recommend this unless you are willing to really modify your oem selector .
 Lasted about one week before it came loose . Took it off and replaced it with the factory shift knob . Looks good but should be made to screw on not held by some tension screws that come loose .
 I ordered one of these mounts and replaced my broken one and after a few hours of driving the mount was making a very loud vibration noise . Pulled it out and you could hear the liquid sloshing inside the mount . Got a replacement and after another few hours of driving had the exact same problem , very cheaply made mounts . Spent $ 50 more and got the part from the dealer , perfect .
 I bought these thinking it was a pack . How ignorant of me . Its only one spark plug , so buyer beware . Because even though the description says pack and you think &#34; 4 come in a pack &#34; I promise you they will only send you one . Also I was charged 2 separate shipping charges but the order came in just one package . So these guys have found a way to grab your money in two different ways . You 've been warned .
 The container is not 3-1/2 gallons , as it said . It looked too samll , so I used a gallon milk jug and came up short of the 3 gallon mark - which will not work for what I bought it for ! To cheap to return , but not usable for me ...
 Correct length rubber blade , correct length wiper arm , but it Does NOT ATTACH TO THE WIPER ARM of the HONDA FIT ! I do n't know why the connection point from this wiper blade had to be made in a manner that it could not be made to fit my Honda 's factory wiper arm . In the end , I had to just strip out the new wiper 's rubber refill and thread it in to my old wore blade like a refill .
 I ordered this for my 2004 Nissan Quest . The online fitting filter said this would fit , but in fact it it is a tiny bit too long as the 28 inch driver-side wiper clips the 18 inch passenger-side wiper during use . I should have ordered a 26 inch driver side , and in fact the online fitting filter on another web site I just saw will advise you to get a 26 inch wiper.Update
 The color of the bulb is blue , but the color of the light is just normal as any other replacement bulb . It 's a little misleading , because you would think the color of the light it produces would be somewhat blue , but not at all . SO if you are looking for the blue lights do n't get this ! This brands just plan sucks . The bulbs lasted less than 2 months and both went out within hours of each other .
 I bought this handle to replace the broken OEM handle on my 99 Eclipse GS-T . The driver 's side handle had previously broken and been replaced , so this was the second handle I was replacing , but the first time on the passenger side and the first time from Dorman . . The product that came was the &#34; Help &#34; labeled product that they sell at Autozone . The handle comes black and you must paint it to match your car . Fitment of the product seemed fine , though I did have a hard time getting the white handle retaining clip to snap locked , and I finally gave up as it was a very snug fit anyway.The reason I 'm giving this product two stars is that the handle itself is very flimsy and actually flexes back and forth . I have no doubt that this handle will break again at some point due to the -LRB- lack of -RRB- build quality . The handle itself actually feels much thinner in my hand than the driver 's side replacement handle . I will be ordering an OEM door handle and replacing this again in the next few weeks . I would recommend you save yourself the trouble and get a better quality handle .
 See my product image above for the bulging , ready to explode Hella bulb.The one start review is because one of my bulbs just burned out after 8 months . Everything else is 5 star , brightness , color -LRB- white -RRB- and so on . Quality is the reason for the single star . Add to this the fact I do n't drive much at night . I 'm going to see if they will warranty this bulb . I 'll write back and share the conclusion . -- Edit
 Mounting ears where crooked which I beleave will result in the bulbs being off center and out of the focal point of the headlights . I compared to other bulbs at the auto parts store and this did not seem to be normal so I returned them without opening them .
 Only plus is that they look good.The fit is mediocre . There is no stretch areas so fitting them is a pain and there are still areas that are either too tight or too loose . Getting them on the back of my front seats required cutting out pieces of the factory seats.They are n't waterproof at all . They might as well be made of terrycloth , they absorb liquid that well.After 1 year , I have multiple tears , including the back seats which see VERY little use.Buy the Wet Okole
 The first review is from the company , same thing you 'll read when buying one on ebay.Its good for about 30 $ but not any more than that . The image quality is pretty terrible , but again , for 30 $ your not getting a lilliput TFT.Flickering is very poor and noise from the inverter can be a problem . The ones made specifically for the game consoles by joytech and logitech are better but they are n't under 100 $ either.But saying this is a high resolution lcd is just laughable . Sound is good though !
 $ 315 for a bulb ? WTF ?! I know the standard 55 watt # 13355 bulb is about twenty bucks . Maybe this 85 watt version should be $ 31.50 . PIAA products are always expensive , because you pay for all of that INCREDIBLE HYPE . Sometimes they even work . I do n't know if Amazon hiccupped on pricing here , but I doubt anyone is crazy enough to order a replacement bulb for $ 315 , even for a PIAA lamp . BTW , these prefocused PIAA bulb are proprietary and expensive . I strongly suggest lamps with readily obtainable bulbs , such as the universally available H3 halogen .
 Wanted black tape for a custom project and pic shows it 's silver . . wrote company about issue and no response . Poor customer service .
 I ordered these floor mats and waited 3 weeks for them only to dicover upon arrival that the two eyelets that were supposed to be inserted in the drivers mat were no present . Had the eyelets been present I would have given this item 5 stars as the mats are very well constucted . Now I have to return the mats and wait another 3 weeks for them to be delivered . That 's bogus !!!!
 if you are expecting these bulbs to have a bluish -LRB- 6500k -RRB- look to them , you will be let down . these have the same tint and brightness as the standard stock bulbs for my car ... very disappointing . the glass is indeed blue , but the gas is mainly what gives the color ... they have no tint .
 I bought these b/c i read good reviews on it ... totally was not satisfied . I have a 01 toyota tacoma and I live in Mammoth Lakes , CA . Dumped pretty hard last winter ... these things were difficult to put on , and when you drive down the road with them they are super loud -LRB- louder than chains -RRB- and I had worse control than I did w/o them!They 're probably good for a road that has n't been plowed or for mud wamping . I was driving on a plowed highway and it was terrible ! Returned them right away .
 These claws do provide added traction . They are DIFFICULT to put on ... their video uses a Jeep where you have good access all around . . on a passenger car not the same . Lots of laying on the ground , struggling ... awful . Once you get off a heavy snow pack they make the car vibrate awfully , and you ca n't go over 20 miles per hour . They would be good in an emergency and you were stuck and alone . Wrestle them on laying in the snow and you could get out of a ditch or something . past that , get snow tires .
 I was having some other work done to my vehicle , the dealership was actually amenable to putting inthe block heater while the coolant was drained.Unfortunately , the center bolt in the block heater would not seal . Time is money , so I let them get a differentunit from their supplier.Apparently , they threw away the 11603 I got from Amazon , so I wo n't be trying to return it or get a refund.So , I 'm out $ 15 , nothing to cry over.The heater came packed fine , it looked brand new , and I have had great success with Kat 's products inthe past . Just luck of the draw . I will continue to get Kat 's products , and the seller was fine .
 has everything you need for basic repairs . functional but not of the highest quality , reflective of the low price . i keep this kit in my second home in the mountains and it has served it 's purpose adequately , although i will not be surprised or disappointed if any of the components of this kit fails in the future .
 I ordered this regulator via prime . When I received it , the plastic cap was broken . It looks like may have been returned already . I went to order another but it is no longer available vis prime and will cost over 25 % more . This is not normal for amazon .
 I am a propane dealer who has experienced 5 major blowouts on Marshal regulators -- have gone as far as beginning to remove every one -LRB- over 50 -RRB- from service . One emptied 200 gallons of propane behind a shopping mall another the same amount in a lumber yard . Ca n't recommend strongly enough -- if you have a regulator made by this bankrupt company -- throw it in the garbage .
 I bought this for my daughter , she is a rural mail carrier.This did not even last the first day . Magnets would not keep it on the roof and light broke the first use.Waste of money ...
 After using this on my grill for only 1 year , the gauge is no longer working . The colored circle that indicates if the tank is full or winding down has repositioned itself and now shows the tank is almost empty when it is actually almost full . Not a good buy for $ 18.00 . I have replaced it with a different brand that has a different kind of gauge .
 I got this hitch cover and i thought it was a metal bass or fish and it was solid . NOT TRUE , it was thin metal with a black plastic base it is attached to . Does n't look like the picture here . It has a black plastic outline of about 1/16 inch . Wish i would have know it was thin tin type metal .
 Agree with the above review ... . these bulbs are n't white or blue but basically stock yellow . Compared them side-to-side with the stock bulb and it just slightly brighter than stock but EXACT same color as stock ! Switched to MTEC Cosmos Blue bulbs which are actually bright white with a hint of blue . MUCH better than Hella .
 I previously had Predator Xenix HyperMatch blubs for my fogs . When one when out I got a set of the Hella `` Xenon Blue '' bulbs to replace them . I installed the first one and then compared . The Hella bulb looks nothing like the Predator , nor does it come close to matching the color of my Xenon headlamps . These lights are not blue , white , or anything close to matching a Xenon . They are plain old halogen yellowish.They do look nice and bright . Probably a fine bulb , but they wo n't come close to matching a Xenon headlight 's color .
 I buy it for a Siena 2003 and it does not fit for this vehicle.I do not recommend it for toyota Siena
 The blanket was delivered in speedy time , but after two used , it no longer heats . I emailed the company seven days ago and they have n't responded.Thumbs down , big time .
 I have been working on cars for years . I installed two Kat 's block heaters and both leaked from the center hole . No matter how little I tightened the nut , the product leaked . Too cheap for an item that requires so much labor to install . Steer clear .
 do not purchase this god forsaken horrible frost plug . i got it 2 put in my 98 jeep grande Cherokee and i spent more in anti-freeze then what the plug is worth . all it did was leak all over my drive way . if you really want one i suggest going with the OEM plug -LRB- at jeep dealer -RRB- ; that will be worth what ever the price is . my other suggestion is dont install it your self because at least if you bring it to a garage and have it done , they will have to repair it if it does leak and you wont need to waist all your money on anti-freeze .
 First one lasted 2 months . Second one lasted 1 month . The element will blow . The second one I put on a timer , so it did not even run all night . It probably had less than 40 total hrs on it . You get what you pay for . I guess for 10 bucks you ca n't expect too much . Bought my last one of these .
 Yep , It was a mistake to buy these struts for my V70 Volvo.The car now handles as on railroad tracks . Very lil roll , very stable when cornering.The problem is that the car now rides like a truck . Every lil bump on the road can be felt , just as if you had over inflated your tires . Bigger bumps and potholes are handled beautifully.Will try to get my money back under the Monroe Ride Guarantee.July 12th , 2011 Update : I finally got the OEM struts to replace the Monroes . I got the nice Volvo ride back !!! . These Monroe struts are gas filled . The OEM Sachs are not .
 I installed this in my truck at the end of last winter , worked fine then . Less than halfway through this winter is has pooped out . I had the unit on a timer and only ran it for 2 hrs before starting the truck . So the total hrs on the item was very low before failure !!
 I 'm venting , admittedly . This is the most worthless tool I 've ever had the opportunity to hold . It has one job , to grip the rivet stem and pull . No amount of adjustment causes it to grip the stem enough to actually pull and spread the rivet . After lots of adjustment , and several reset-and-squeeze steps , one rivet was spread , sort of . Then , no other rivets would grip at all . I used stanley rivets designed for this riveter . Correct size . In short , do n't buy this toy . Buy a real tool . Perhaps Stanley makes a real riveter also . : -RRB-
 If you 're looking for an over the seat organizer that does n't get in the way of little feet - this wo n't work . As soon as you put stuff in the pockets it hangs forward and the strings do n't attach well to the other seat .
 Even though it says on the box the tie down cords are included , according to customer service , they are n't . In other words , they sell a product that is meant to attach to your seat , but they do n't include a way for you to do that . Customer service was quite slow . I had to send several emails before I got a response , which was simply `` sorry for the inconvenience '' . Not exactly helpful . Save yourself the hassle and buy a similar product at an auto store where you can return it more easily in case there is a problem .
 The first day we had them one fell apart ... . Then they do n't easily tie to the bottom of the seat so they hang , someone could trip over them for how they hang . Waste of money !
 The backseat organizer is flimsier than I had hoped . Other reviewers wrote that it sort of flopped around . That 's true . I realized that a shopping bag hooked over the back seat would do just a well . -LRB- :
 It looks fine . A little smaller than I expected . It was missing the tie-down cords to secure to the bottom of the seat that it claims were included .
 This organizer started ripping on us almost immediately . I did n't cram alot of stuff in either - just a few books . It was completely worthless .
 Did n't last very long . I have yet to find a mug that you can use in the car that lasts more than 1 month . This one broke after just a few weeks . I was extremely dissapointed .
 Ok , So I bought this chain for my motorcycle . It look cheap and then I read online somewhere , that cheap chains are only coated with harden steel , So I took my 4ft bolt cutter and cut a link off , and it went through like butter , I DIDNT EVEN TRY HARD AND THESE BOLT CUTTER ARE OLD AND BEAT UP . After I cut the link in half you could see how the chain was plated , so after all that I went and bought a Onguard chain , , MUCH BETTER
 These wipes left streaks and blotches all over my dashboard . I wiped my dash down and let the product sit for a minute , then wiped the excess off with a clean cloth . What was left behind looked like the inside of a McDonald 's bag -- tons of greasy splotches . I tried buffing with little luck.Luckily , the streaks were n't permanent . To fix the streaks and blotches , get a bucket of warm water and add a drop of dishwashing soap . Then , using a clean microfiber cloth , scrub down the affected areas . Dry and repeat if necessary.Do yourself , your car , and your wallet a favor ; do n't buy this product .
 Like others have mentioned , I should have read the reviews first ! I thought this would be a simple purchase of a convenient product to help keep my new car clean . I used a wipe as directed , and it left streaks all over the dashboard . The streaky residue was then difficult to remove . Unfortunately , these are going straight to the trash . -LRB- I 'll recycle the plastic canister ! -RRB-
 I bought these at a brick and mortar , and they 're terrible . As the other reviewers have mentioned , they leave streaks and blotches everywhere . Gross .
 Wipes left streaks all over dash . Do n't buy them , you 'll have to go back and wipe everything down again . They did a decent job at cleaning , but not worth the hassle .
 It 's easy to review , it broke the first time I used it and Moroso states they WO N'T give a refund if it has been used . DO N'T BUY IT .
 I bought the mild sound muffler in hopes it would be just that ... It 's not , in fact in drones in the cab so bad the radio hardly takes care of it ! Just know that if you want a mild tone muffler , this is not it . The seller is fast and efficient , my review is aimed at the muffler itself .
 Hi , i recieved this product , but is no totally chrome is Without sheen . A friend received the same product with the same Part Number and this is chrome with sheen . This was the Reason why i bought its . What can i do for change this ? thank 's
 I 'm afraid amazon is going downhill . I received an `` opened package , returned shock '' being sold as new . Requested a replacement , we 'll see what I get next . These shocks are supposed to be outstanding .
 Wish it would work . All I could get was 0 . Occasionally , some other number would pop up , which I know was way off .
 Within 5 seconds it can drain all the air out of a bicycle tire . It then accurately reads 0 lbs pressure . That was the only reading that I was able to get from it .
 Could not get it to read anything other than `` 7 '' . Period . Got it for motorcycles , so it could go on a key chain and be handy at a gas station . Had to send it back . Tried it on auto tires , moto tires , bicycle tires . 7 . Maybe I just got the dud , but I would not bother with anything else from this company .
 We took this out of the packaging and it worked great the first time . I loved the clear readout . After that , it stopped working and just displayed `` L '' within a few months . I do n't recommend this product .
 It lets more air out than it reads the pressure - thought it was a user problem - but my daughter had the same problem .
 I ordered two of this same product . One worked and one did not . Straight out of the box I tested it on my own tires and the display never worked . I tried taking out the batteries however , this was far from easy . I undid the plastic but replacing the battery is nearly impossible ! When I overlooked the product the manufacture date is from 2008 . Maybe this is the explanation for why the product no longer works . : -LRB-
 did not fit vehicle wrong curve I do not know if abnormality or poor construction other lights from this manufacuter have been perfect.sending back
 I ordered this light for my 1994 Honda Civic and when I had someone put it on my car it did not fit like the original . The body shop told me that sfter market items do not match the orginal .
 The shade material is fine , the problem is with the wire frame . I 'm usually really good at folding these type of wire frame circle things but this one is ridiculously difficult to get control of because the wire is so flimsy that it does n't have enough structure to maintain it 's form .
 This looked good initially and fit the 2010 Honda Civic 's large windshield . It was difficult to fold , but we 'd learn . Within a week of using it , one of the metal rings broke off and put a gash on the dashboard . Fixed it myself , two days later the second one broke ...
 I had a spring type sun shade in my other cars . My Honda Fit has a much larger windshield , so I ordered first the Jumbo shade 28X31 which was n't large enough , came in two panels and was nearly impossible to fold , then I ordered Super Jumbo magic sunshade 31 x 38 inches http://www.amazon.com/Basix-Magic-Shade-Sunshade-Styles/dp/B000G72UOQ -LRB- out of stock at Amazon -RRB- do n't bother looking . The Super Size shades are even harder to fold , I gave up and they are sitting unfolded in my garage.Yes , I have a garage at home , and drive to work and park in a garage , but on a hot day I would like to pop open a sun shade to cool my car , but these products are lousy compared to the old ones that fit the standard car windows .
 I hate it ... they do n't place right in the window because there is no way to accomodate the rearview mirror -LRB- please note , car in photo has no rearview mirror ! -RRB- and they are impossible to fold up correctly ... any wind and you 're really in trouble .
 bought one about 5 + years back . Even with all the wear and tear the old one still stands up better . Materials are a lot cheaper ... vinyl is almost see through . . and the cheap flimsy construction makes it seem like the sun shape might move out of place.I have a accord and scion tc and jumbo fits perfectly for both cars .
 Pros
 They work . That 's the good news . They 're also unweildly to store in the back seat or wherever after each use because mine are not easily reshaped back to their compact dinner plate size . Try as I might , one of them refuses to cooperate so I go with a mishmash sized screen that immediately unfolds itself at first chance.The quality of the shades leaves something to be desired . Flimsy is the word and not engendering confidence of a long life . Still , they work for the purpose intended and might , MIGHT I say , be better than those cheap cardboard foldout shades . Given a choice , I would n't buy them again and would most likely apt for the cheapie cardboard types until I could find something better and of higher quality/ease of use than this product .
 This shade unit is ok , but several inches smaller than the advertised dimensions . For the cost , it 's nothing to write home about and not much better than other shades you can find for less at Wallmart , etc. . .
 This is a review of the Amazon ad , not the product.The product is unknown after reading the ad.I can not tell even the most basic info about this product from this advertisement.I need a `` super jumbo '' size , which means the largest that is made for huge windshields.The ad heading says super jumbo , yet the spec says dimensions of 14 `` x14 '' -LRB- small -RRB- . And then is says `` styles vary '' . So , they want me to buy something that is of unknown size and unknown material .
 This one HERE sold at MIDWAY is NOT THE SAME as those made years ago . It is flimsy and crinkly . Folding it is ok if you learn to do so as you would fold as a `` taco '' . The problem is its so crinkly like aluminum foil that it not only looks like rolled up foil but it sounds like it every time its is placed on the dash and again when folded up . Its more annoying than it is beneficial.In the garbage it goes while I keep looking for an exact replica of the ones made years ago ! LOVE THOSE and NOT these .
 Like another reviewer on here , I am really disappointed with this product . It is super thin and already has a tear in it at the seams . I also can relate to another reviewer that claims that this is hard to fold . The reason that this one is hard to fold is because the wire around the perimeter of the shade that supports the whole thing is extremely thin and pliable . When the sun shade is in the window it bends and bows outwards at the top of my window , because of this the wire frame takes a new shape and then does not collapse on to itself like it should when it is time to put it away , so because it warps so easily it becomes difficult to fold it back into the figure eight . Horrible quality , stay away from this brand .
 I 've had the Jumbo set for years now and they 've been great.Wanted the super jumbo for the large windshield on my new 2013 Ford Escape.First of all , the super jumbo were way TOO big.There 's needs to be something between Jumbo and Super Jumbo.Second , they were the shiny , crinkly , ugly kind , not the matte silver finish of the first set I owned.Got them delivered via Prime , and when I went to return them , Amazon said to go ahead and keep them and they 'd refund the $ $ $ anyway.I was thoroughly impressed with that .
 The second time I used this window shade the metal strip that frames the shade broke . I 'd be leery buying this .
 Maybe I am not as talented as some people , but I had a hard time folding the shade up to put it away when I was done using it . Each shade has a wire frame that you are supposed to be able to fold into two circles to make the shade small enough to store easily while you are driving ; then you slip an elastic band around the two circles so that the shade does not pop back open . I followed the brief instructions to fold it , but I 've only gotten it to fold up correctly two times . Because I can not fold it correctly , I just fold it down the best I can , slip the elastic band over it , and hope it stays put . It may take me one or two tries to get it to stay and not pop back open to full size . The problem now is I think that the wire frame is permanently damaged from me folding it incorrectly so many times that it physically can not be folded properly even if I could figure out how to do it.I gave it two stars instead of one because it still does its job of keeping the sun out of my car . It 's just the putting it up and folding it away each time that frustrates me . Otherwise , it 's fine .
 Worked surprisingly well for flimsy looking silver cloth material . Really kept the black leather of my Acura MDX cool in the blazing summer sun for a while . After a couple months something happened to the metal wire that frames one of the sunshade cause it stopped folding right . One sunshade would still fold into itself so I could tuck it away , but the other sunshade became stiff or something and stopped folding well . Then that same metal wire frame started poking out of the border of the cloth material of the sunshade and started stabbing me and my husband whenever we 'd go to fold it . About a month after that , the frame did n't just poke out a little , it came ALL the way out and so we had to throw it away . Sadly a couple days ago I discovered the one sad remaining sunshade has a frame poking through a little bit so I 'm guessing I 'm gon na get another week or two of use before that one goes kaput too . Got a total of 3 months use out of these sunshades . What a waste of money .
 The listing says this contains 2 panels -- but the package only had 1 . They need to update the listing or send the proper # of panels .
 This product is junk . This is the worst sunshade I ever had for my car . Warning , do not order this item . I threw it out .
 This sunshade is thin as paper . I have had it for a few weeks now and it has n't ripped yet but I know that it will soon . I am looking for a different one .
 I ordered this shade a few weeks ago because it 's already getting hot in Texas . I did n't start using it until last week though , and my first impression was that it was a really great product that was kind of neat to use . You fold it like a taco shell , twist , and it folds up on itself very neatly and secures with an attached elastic loop . Unfortunately , about the fifth time I used it , the thin wire that runs along the outer rim broke when I was folding it up . I 've tried duct , but it does n't help . The wire keeps poking holes through the shade and the shade no longer folds up . Bit by bit , the wire is working its way out of the shade , and at this point I ca n't even use it anymore . Do n't waste your money . Look for a different product .
 I used these 1 day , and when I took them off the windshield and tried to fold one , the thin metal frame broke . I 'm returning it .
 I purchased plenty of these in the past and they were a good product . But something has gone wrong at basic magic and now the quality is terrible . The outer frame is now so flimsy it is like trying to fold jello . Before , it was a snap to fold , and the shade stayed up on its own . Not anymore . I would gladly pay double for something that worked . Time to shop for one that works right .
 I should have listened to the warning I saw in another review . The same problem happened to me . The metal band punctured the fabric one of the first few times I folded it , and now I have a nice long , sharp piece of metal sticking out . I have to be very careful to not scratch the car -LRB- or poke my eye ! -RRB- while deploying or folding . It 's also more difficult to fold now because the metal ring no longer maintains a fixed length . These are junk , stay away ! I knew I should have just bought a set at Walmart so I could at least return them if this happened .
 These are made from very flimsy material . The size must match the exact measurements of your windows . Does not reflect heat well .
 If you have a crotch-rocket with narrow handle-bars , there 's no place to put these . The diameter of the clamp is way too small to fit anywhere else -LRB- like the arms that hold the passenger foot-pegs in place -RRB- and the screws are so short that you have no option of putting it anywhere other than the handle-bars . This is a waste of money and a totally useless product .
 You see the picture of these headers and opening the details page , you see ` comes in standard finish ' . WOW . Flowtech has a nice shiny ceramic or stainless appearance as it 's standard finish ! What a great deal ! Alas , it is not so . Upon opening the box , you find headers with cheap black paint . At least the comparable Hedman headers clearly state ` painted black , paint not heat resistant ' . What 's the deal ? Are we trying to intentionally mislead people here ? How the heck is the average buyer expected to know what constitutes a ` standard finish ' on Flowtech headers especially if the picture does not depict the actual item ? Sorry Amazon , this one is being returned . Seems like they would have been decent , but I bought the Flowtech instead of Hedman because I thought I was getting a great deal on a nice shiny finish .
 Does n't fit our ancient phones . Not worth sending back , due to its original cost vs. return shipping . We tried , we failed . We live in the past . Oh well .
 I ordered this product on the description that it was a four inch drop . It is not . It is three and a quarter inch drop . It is also rated at 7500 # towing , not 6500 . The description for this is wrong .
 This item 45050 is advertised as having a 4 '' drop , but upon arrival the label confesses to only a 3.5 '' drop . I measured to confirm this fact . This is the correct item identified at multiple vendors as having a 4 '' drop , Curt just calls it by the wrong dimension - well let 's call a lie a lie.If your tow measurements can allow for 12.5 % slop , then this a well-painted , solidly-built 3.5 '' drop ball mount.Until they correct the item description/name , I 'd suggest you steer clear of Curt and try a more honest brand to get what you order .
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 Poor quality control on this product . The slip fitting part of the Y pipe was n't expanded enough in order for the pipe to fit inside of it so I ended up having to bring that part into a shop to have it expanded a bit more . Then when I went to install the Y pipe onto my truck I found that the supplied nuts for the collector bolts were too small . Well done , flow tech .
 Very disappointed in this they tell you it 's 3 '' in 3 '' od but really it 's 3 '' flange welded to a 21/2 '' pipe that goes back out to 3 '' if I would of known that web I bought it I would n't of got it p
 I ordered this product on the description that it was a four inch drop . It is not . It is three and a quarter inch drop . It is also rated at 7500 # towing , not 6500 . The description for this is wrong .
 This item 45050 is advertised as having a 4 '' drop , but upon arrival the label confesses to only a 3.5 '' drop . I measured to confirm this fact . This is the correct item identified at multiple vendors as having a 4 '' drop , Curt just calls it by the wrong dimension - well let 's call a lie a lie.If your tow measurements can allow for 12.5 % slop , then this a well-painted , solidly-built 3.5 '' drop ball mount.Until they correct the item description/name , I 'd suggest you steer clear of Curt and try a more honest brand to get what you order .
 It broke the first time I used it . This product is a waste of money .
 I am astounded that anyone finds this item useful . The angle of the grip to the blade LOOKS cool , but works terribly . My `` dozer '' just scraped right over the ice . Thin ice is even harder to clear.I 'll just scrape by with older style of ice scraper . BTW , I bought three of these . Neither my wife nor my daughter liked the ones I got for them either.I would NOT recommend this product at all .
 The Ice Dozer was a little disapointing . The handle could be 4 inches longer and the ice scraper blade is n't any better than the standard ice scraper .
 I read all the reviews and thought I would try it even though there were a lot of bad reviews.Major complaints : It is just like a cheap scraper in that it only shaves a small strip of frost off the window and not a massive sweep like it advertises.Very hard to use . I am 6 ' tall and tried to use this on a 2007 Camry . So I was plenty tall enough and a Camry is not a big car . I was having to lean up against the car just to get everything . Not user friendly at all.Minor complaints : Not very sturdy . Mine did n't break on the first use like other reviewers but it did feel like it could snap at any time . There are a lot of pieces which means a lot of potential for breaking.Overall : I am returning this product . It does not perform as advertised . It is almost completely useless .
 This is a worthless piece of crap . The handle broke the first time I used it and the ice was not that thick . It is made of cheap plastic and do n't buy this .
 I 'm in the Boston-area and most winter mornings I wake up to ice on my windshield . I was looking for something that would cut through thick ice , as well as lighter coatings , quickly and easily . I was hopeful for the IceDozer , but ultimately disappointed with the performance . It definitely does not clear large swaths in a single swipe , as the description claims it will . That was one of the things I was looking forward to . The way you can grip the handle to apply pressure is nice , but it does get awkward as you try to reach the center of the windshield . My bottom line is that it 's not any better than a regular plastic scraper , with the downside that it 's very large to store in your car .
 I have n't been able to peel ice with this guy . I experience mostly heavy frost and this took care of that pretty well until it dulled down -LRB- which was fairly quick -RRB- . I tried breaking up ice as they show in pictures and videos , but nothing worked . The design also makes it impractical to clean the front windshield because it REQUIRES 2 hands to keep good pressure and to stabilize it .
 Does n't this sound like the most ideal tool for your car after a the snow falls ? Well , it 's so not that . Each little added feature fell off during the very first time I used it . The little brush came off first and I ended up using it as a separate tool for cleaning off my mirrors . I gave two of these as gift and was embarrassed to discover that those were as cheaply made and feel apart as quickly as my own did . Skip this unless you want lots of little plastic pieces and one very basic , sort of OK scraper left over .
 NOTE
 This item is difficult and tricky to use . Also heavy to handle.May be good if ice was thick but as a general snow removal/ice removal implement for the vehicle -LRB- every day use -RRB- not that good .
 For normal snow and ice this product is not as good as the least expensive windshield ice scrapper you can find at any supermarket .
 First off , I do n't own one of these and have n't tried it at all . But I watched the video and it 's quite apparent that it was faked to mislead the potential customer . The ice in most scenes where the Dozer is being used has obviously been heated from underneath so as to loosen any bonding to the glass . You can see it slide around smoothly with a dampened effect that can only be caused by the presence of a liquid layer . The regular ice scrapers are being used on hard-frozen ice though . Truly a very misleading presentation .
 did not work very good at all . used it once and my cheapo hand scraper that cost 2 bucks was superior
 Well , I bought two because the description sounded like it was a superior product . Although I ordered only a few days before Christmas , it arrived before Christmas which was great!The other reviews state it is great for ice and maybe because we did n't get a whole lot of ice this winter , I did n't get a chance to use it for that purpose . When I did use it for snow , it was not very durable and the brush part snapped off and I never figured out how to put it back on again.According to the review , either you love it or hate it and I am not yet convinced .
 Purchased this scraper in December 09 . Got to finally use here in Virginia during the blizzard we had in February . It 's ok for pushing snow off your car ; it pushes great , but it 's not long enough to push snow all the way off your windshield or roof . The scraper works as expected , pretty good . The long handle lets you get more leverage for that thick ice . The brush attachment is kind of a pain . It constantly falls off of my scraper when I am using it or the scraper side . Overall , it 's a decent scraper if you get it cheap enough , but you could probably do better with a normal hand scraper and a brush .
 Okay , finally out east where I live we had our first storm . So I took out my new icedozer to try it out . I didnt realized its not wide nor very good for brushing snow off the car . I then used my 99 cent snow scraper to brush off the snow otherwise this icedozer would take me forever . While I tried brushing the snow off the car with the icedozer the brush fell off . I 'd snapped it back on with no problem , but is it suppose to come off ? For this price I would stay with those cheap snow ice brushes . Ergonomic on this is overrated . Stay with a hand ice scrapper and a snow brush . This is over priced and just a gimmick.Pros1 -RRB- scrape ice off the door windows.Cons1 -RRB- expensive2 -RRB- small brush3 -RRB- parts may fall offPS . I did use this on my door steps . It works well removing ice/snow . update . . was told brush can be removed , but by me or by itself ?
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I agree with Troy . In addition , the picture is misleading by not showing the type of electrical connection . It turns out that this product is not a standard 120 plug , -LRB- U.S. -RRB- It appears to be a 220 volt plug and renders it unusable to the average consumer . Even though I have the ability to make it work , I do not have the interest or time and do not recommend this product.Get Real!T.L .
 The engine heater was quickly delivered but is not yet installed . Why ? First , because the installation is considerably more complex than one would imagine , including complete draining and partial modification of the engine cooling system -- a fact that could have been made clear in the catalog . Second , the installation requires parts that were not included with the product , and that I have no idea where to find . Third , I am not at all sure I am willing to risk the operation of a very expensive engine on such an apparently flimsy product . At a minimum , I would consult the vehicle manufacturer before attempting to install for fear my warranty would be invalidated . In summary , I rate this purchase a `` gotcha '' and it has left me much less willing to buy ANYTHING again on the Internet that I have not previously physically examined .
 I purchased 2 of these Kat 's 14400 400 watt 1 '' lower radiator hose heater . I have been using this same unit -LRB- from a different store -RRB- for more than 10 years . I installed one unit and it lasted a whole 6 days . I sure was glad I had purchased a second unit . Installed it and it lasted 2 days . Whats going on ? They used to last at least a year . Product is very shoddy . Do n't buy !
 WHEN INSTALLING THIS HEATER IN A SIDEKICK BE CAREFUL WHERE YOU CUT THE LOWER RADIATOR HOSE THRE IS NO CLEARANCE FOR A CLEAN INSTALL.THE ELEMENT FAILED AFTER TWO WEEKS OF USE . THIS IS A CHEAP MADE IN CHINA PRODUCT , DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 Bulb is yellow when off , but the light output is pretty much just white when lit . I noticed no increase in brightness over a standard 55 watt bulb , and both of mine burned out in less than 60 days . Went back to standard 55 watt Sylvania bulbs .
 WELL THE BULBS ARE GOOD BUT ONE OF MY BULB DOES NOT WORKSO I HOPE I CAN GET ANOTHER ONE SENT TO ME THAT WORKS PLEASE AND THANK YOU ... BUT OTHER THAN THAT THE BULB THAT DOES WORK IS VERY YELLOWAND BRIGHTER THAN MY OLD FOGS ... SATISFIED ABOUT THE COLOR ANDBRIGHTNESS BUT BUMMED THAT ONLY ONE WORKS IF IT WAS NOT FOR THATFACT I WOULD OF GIVEN YOU 5 STARS
 Despite the instructions having an illustration of product being fastened into place , there is no hole in the base , and the arm came with no nut or adapter.Arm does not fit my car.Even if this so called `` universal '' arm fit my car , the arm is n't capable of `` locking '' back for changing blades like every other wiper arm I 've ever seen on a vehicle.Going to try to return this awful product and just JB weld my old stripped wiper arm onto the old car .
 After waiting weeks for the generator to arrive , I finally have it . Allow around 2 hours to put it together , especially if you 're going to put on the wheel kit . You 'll have to flip the generator on its side , and sit the motor on a 1X piece of wood -LRB- so you do n't damage it -RRB- , while you unscrew one of the dampners to attach one of the wheels - it seems very hackish on Porter Cable 's part to do it this way -LRB- it 's really a rebranded Briggs & Straton -RRB- . Once I had the wheel kit assembled , it was a matter of adding the oil and the gas , and two pulls of the string was all it took to start the generator for the first time . The weekend after assembly , I took the generator out for some use in the field . I was out building a barn with some help . We were both using tools and charging our batteries at the same time , and it was smooth sailing . You will need to change the oil after the first 2 hours of use , which I just did , and then every 50 hours I think . I will update the review with some long term results once I have them , but so far so good . Too bad amazon wont let me change the # of stars I gave this product .
 The first time I need to use it , it fails ! The spark plug fouls out every one to two hours . I had to clean the plug , and reinstall it , just to keep it running . When it was running , it did provide enough power to keep my house going . But for 5 days , that 's a lot of spark plug cleaning ! I suggest you buy a different brand .
 BSI550I-W portable electric generator with a date code of 09-10-01 is subject to a leaking fuel tank recall . DeVilbiss has not received any reports of injuries from these generators . My rating of one star is based solely on the recall and not based ownership of this generator . I like the fact that the handles fold down and has more electrical plugs than its $ 100 + cheaper T550-W near twin model . I ended up buying a lighter and more expensive Yamaha ES2800 generator .
 I bought this model in September 2003 as a back up generator to run through a generator transfer station . After repeated failures , a replacement generator and exceptionally bad warranty service , I think I finally have a generator that works . My first generator would not power anything from half of the outlets and the large outlet used for a generator transfer station -LRB- a station equipped with wattage meters and was tested with a neighbor 's less powerful generator - his generator was able handle regular and full surge test needs -RRB- . Unable to get a real person on the Porter-Cable customer service number , I took my generator to the closest listed warranty service shop ... after several months of excuses , including no one at Porter-Cable would call the mechanic to tell them how to fix it , and very poor customer service , I attempted to contact a real person at Porter-Cable ... next to impossible . I then contacted Amazon by email to see if they could contact Porter-Cable . Instead , Amazon arranged to ship me a new unit and take the old one back , with no charge to me ... incredible ! Kudos to Amazon ! The second generator operated for three hours -LRB- during a power outage -RRB- and started to die . Two different warranty service shops , another few months and several pick-ups/drop offs later -LRB- during the work day , naturally -RRB- , I am told it will finally run properly . I hope so , as it is now out of warranty . So , in over two years , my generator has been able to run properly for a total of four hours and I was unable to get the attention of Porter-Cable to help fix either of these two poorly-made products . I even took the time to write a letter to the president of Porter-Cable detailing every issue and problem ... no answer in two months . I hesitate to write a bad review for any products -LRB- and have not done so up to this point -RRB- , but in this case , I feel I need to share `` after sale '' issues for anyone who receives a poorly-made generator that they are going to trust to provide power in an emergency situation ... with all the service trips and time spent , it would have been cheaper to pay twice as much -LRB- I paid $ 700 -RRB- and have a generator I could trust -LRB- I do n't trust this one anymore , not a great feeling to have about an emergency back-up generator -RRB- . The only shining star in this tale is Amazon , who went well beyond the call of duty to help me .
 Poor process or quality control . The unit I received did not have the shipping blocks installed . As a result , the vibration isolators on the generator were broken in shipping . Since the unit can not be returned to Amazon , you have to call the manufacturer to obtain parts that you must install yourself . Those parts happen to be on backorder . This may be a good generator based on the other reviews , but I suggest you buy it locally instead of relying on getting an operational unit shipped to you . That way , you can verify the operation of the unit before taking it home . By the way , Amazon 's performance on shipping items has taken a nosedive . They used to ship items in stock within 24 hours . When I called 6 business days to inquire on the status of my order , I was told that it was to be shipped out that day . Later I found out it did n't go out for another 3 days . It was a total of 16 days for shipping an instock item . Between the shipping delays and the two-to-three weeks I was told I would have to wait for replacement parts , I 'm facing a 11/2 month delay .
 Because I an an optimist , I will say that eventually , this may turn out to be a good product . Unfortunately , two weeks after it was delivered , I still do n't know , because it arrived broken . Once the engine started , the generator did not produce any electricity . Zilch . I brought it in to the local manufacturer 's repair facility -LRB- which involved the difficulty of hoisting its 200 + pounds of bulk into the back of my vehicle -RRB- , and it is still there after almost two weeks , due to the fact that the repair facility did not have the replacement parts in stock , AND they are backordered.Needless to say this has been frustrating . Looks like Porter Cable needs better quality control in its manufacturing . Good thing we never get any bad storms out here in the Pacific Northwest .
 The look and feel of this seat cover is nice . Two issues , however :1 -RRB- It does not fit as advertised on my truck seats . The bottom seat portion needed to be two sections , and it 's one long one covering both driver and passenger seats , even though those two seats can be adjusted back and fourth separately . The backrest cover on the passenger side is made as though there is no fold down center console , so had to tuck a bunch of unusable fabric away behind the seat back on the passenger side . Looks bad . All this despite entering correct model and trim package in the order form .2 -RRB- The fastening method is awkward , with some loops and lengths of string to secure the covers . There is not near enough of the string supplied ; I had to supplement that with twine .
 First off the bulbs are 100w . They have a really unique light pattern and look great . I got 4 of these because i know that with the higher wattage they wo n't last as long as the stock 55w bulbs but what i did not expect was going through all 4 bulbs in less than 2 weeks . I wo n't be buying these again its just not worth the $ 16 a week price tag .
 Wow , This product is `` Really '' Made In China . I planned to change the spark plugs in my truck this weekend and needed some of these for the type of plugs and such . You should always use these pliers . Well I was not able to find any in my tool box , so I took a chance on these . Not only do the plastic ends come off , the pliers bend while you tug the boots off . Funny , you can bend them right back with your hand , lol . I ended up doing one of the eight plugs ; will be waiting til my new USA Made plug boot pliers come in the mail.Buyers have been warned ...
 My old Celica was nearing 250,000 on the odometer when the rear shocks died . Decided to replace all four with Monroe 's sensatracs . The 2 up front , these ones here , lasted less than 5,000 miles before going bad.Sigh .
 Had high hopes for these , as many people on VTXOA forum praised them -LRB- and the 412s -RRB- . Easy install , bike performed much better , especially two-up . Unfortunately , one started leaking after a year or so so put back the stock shocks . Tried to contact manufacturer for warrantee repair thru website and by separate email , never got a response . Says lifetime warrantee , which is why I bought them over the 412s , but will not buy anything Progressive again .
 All I needed was the blade itself , two actually . What I got instead was one single carrier with one blade . I used to by the blade refills for a couple dollars a pair , anywhere , everywhere . now , you ca n't find a pair of refills to save your life . Instead you have to buy an un-needed carrier to get a single blade . WTF ?
 I was n't pleased with this product at all it turned the small spot on my brown vinyl couch white ... ugh I have to tell people its glue and not something else really nasty . Thanks A Lot !!!!
 I followed the instructions to repair a small rip in my new vinyl tablecloth . Unfortunately though it sealed the rip , it caused the vinyl to thin in a large spot around the rip , also causing discoloration , so now the defect is more noticeable than ever ! It 's almost like it ate through the vinyl , making what was once thick vinyl very thin in that spot . Ugh . Now I will have to throw out my tablecloth .
 Installed correctly and used for some time , this ended up failing on us within 3 months past the warranty period . 30 day warranty doesnt cover this so we had to buy again . We chose genuine this time .
 These brake pads were supposed to fit my 2008 MINI Cooper S , but they are noticeably different in shape from the necessary pads . So I 'm stuck with dusty OEM pads again .
 Just like the person who left a comment yesterday , I found these pads will not fit my 2008 Mini S Coupe . Wish she had left her comment a couple days earlier . I checked out EBC directly and found the proper part number is DP21789 for ` Greenstuff ' , DP31789 for `` Red ' . Since Amazon does n't sell this model of Green , I guess I will go with the Akebono EUR1308 .
 I ordered this to wrap the battery of my Dodge truck and for my ATV . It worked only when I tested it inside my house to see how warm this wrap gets . The first night , it failed . It was n't even the slightest bit warm the next morning . Do n't waste your money with this product . Amazon gave full refund and shipping .
 I live in Anchorage AK , I bought this and installed it , no brainier , wrap the battery and plug it in . After a brutally cold night -15 . I opened my hood to find the wrap and battery stone cold . Tested the plug and brand new extension cord both tested perfect .
 You have to use tape . Living in AZ , a sticky substance sitting in direct sunlight with extreme heat ; enough said . Intregrity is lost !
 Bought this oil cap filler and started leaking oil about four months since I bought it , that the leaked oil has covered my engine block . I will buying a new one but not this one from Beck-Arnley .
 I bought this to replace the oil cap that had broken on my Mitsubishi endeavor . After about a month it started to leak by ... so I tightened the screw that held the flanges on it and bent the flanges in so it would be a tighter seal ... to no avail it still leaks , now i have oil all over my engine block and in places in the engine compartment that i cant reach to clean ... I do n't recommend this product at all .
 I finally was able to install my new oil cap and to my dismay it did not fit . If sure would be nice if you got things right !
 When I first saw this system and read about it I was very impressed with the method of getting a plugs firmly into a tire without the use of glues and sticky ropes . I 've been riding for 30 years and always used the sticky ropes -LRB- with vulcanizing glue -RRB- and have had good luck.This first time I needed to use the stopNGo system I was very UNimpressed with the results . I followed the directions to a T and still had a small leak . It appeared that the reemer actually made the hole larger -LRB- too large -RRB- and I still had a small seep of air . I ended-up putting 3 plugs into the hole before I felt comfortable enough to ride.The 2nd time I needed it was on a friends bike . I decided NOT to use the reemer and just plug the hole . Same result ... a slow seep of air that would not hold pressure.Unfortunately , I 've needed it a time or two more and it still did not properly seal the hole . Once I trimmed the plug back as indicated in the instructions and the tire actually sucked the plug into the tire cavity and it did no good . I think I needed-up with 2-3 plugs in this small hole as well.After talking to someone at Michelin this spring at a rally he restated the need for some sort of vulcanizing glue to properly seal the a hole . Based-on my results , I have to agree .
 Does not work as described . Mushroom plug is rubber and simply gets compressed in the tool . Will NOT fix a tire .
 This product fits your 2012 Toyota Tacoma -- REALLY ? Has somebody actually put these on ? NO ! IT DOES NOT FIT 2012 Toyota Tacoma Access Cab . So I 'm gon na have to pay for shipping it back , and they 'll also be charging me for the `` free shipping '' when it was shipped to me ? `` Find Parts that fit your vehicle '' feature is a joke !!
 These are by far the worst pads Ive owned for noise They squeal so loud at times you can hear it with the windows up Im a GM technician by trade and have worked on cars for over 20 years and have to say these are garbage . Im gon na contact the company and try to get my money back before the ruin another set of rotors .
 I bought this rear drivers side door handle by Kool Vue to fit a 92 Camry XLE along with several other door handles from another manufacturer . This one was extremely difficult to get the bolt to grab properly at the back of the handle -LRB- also in a very hard to reach spot -RRB- . Unless you can get the thing screwed down tight , the handle will not lift enough to actually open the door . It did not line up very well so it took a very long time to even get it to work . Also , this was a much cheaper plastic than the others and has a textured , matte finish so it does not match the other door handles I bought from the same seller .
 After receiving it we had to somehow TRY to make it flat ... It was all rolled up and also it 's very hard to store in the car . There are other options out there , but this certainly is not the best of all , if you are looking for a smart and effective product . If it keeps the rolled up shaped , how is it supposed to stay flat and cover up the windshield ? We returned the product right away .
 HI , Im writing this review to make sure no one buys this installation tool , it will snap the bolt into your crank with very little force , im building a 383 sbc blown 671 supercharger , I needed a installer to install a new crank hub , this tool is trash -- trust me and buy good one , proform looks good , but i havent got it yet , the issue is that the bolts have a hole for the universal ends and the metal is very thin , thats why it snapped , from what ive reserched , the proform looks solid all the way -LRB- crank adapter -RRB- if its not solid it will fail , good luck , I hope you understand what im saying -LRB- same as auto zone 27144 -RRB-
 I bought this , being informed that it worked for Chrysler products . The salesperson was half right . There is a crankshaft adaptor with thread identical to the crankshaft harmonic balancer bolt ; but it is n't long enough to engage the recessed threads inside the crankshaft . Being totally useless to me , I returned it .
 I was using this tool to install a balancer on my 396 motor . I had barely started using it when the screw that threads into the crankshaft snapped off and I now have the broken piece in the end of the crankshaft . DO NOT BUY THIS TOOL !
 I installed two new quick struts in the rear of my camry , willing to pay the premium for the ease of instillation for having the entire strut preasembled for me . They went in fine , but when I took the car out for a test drive there was a terrible knocking from both sides . Not thinking for a second that it would be a problem with the struts , I removed the wheels again and checked to see if anything was tight.After a lot of wasted time I finally found a couple posts for other cars that had similar problems that came from Monroe not properly tightening the top strut nut to anywhere close to 60ft/lbs . After fighting my way to gain acess to the top nut I found that it must have just been put on finger tight.I would have given this product 4-5 stars if they had put it together right and not made a 1hour job take 5 hours . You pay essentially an extra $ 25-50 for them to compress the spring and tighten one bolt , which is apparently beyond them . Monroe should be embaressed with the quality of there assembly .
 PIECE OF S *** T. TURNED IT 5 OR SIX TIMES AND WHOLE CENTER POKED OUT . EXPECTED TO BE WELL BUILT BUT WASNT . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY . NOT FLAT LIKE PICTURE BUT GLOSS . CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP .
 Very poor quality , glossy and cheap looking.The images of the knob are completely computer generated - photoshopped - not actual photos at all .
 They said it is Universal and it did n't fit my 1995 Honda Del Sol . Lame . So I just gave it away instead of dealing with it . More lame .
 Wanted to give a ZERO ! This item does not work on all automatics so beware . I have an Infiniti G35 S - Sedan and this item did not work for it . It works for certain Nissans but not all their Infiniti models .
 this was recommended as being bought with the Python alarm system I bought . IT DOESNT GO WITH THIS SYSTEM !!! I dont know if the recommendations are computer generated or what , but it was bad advice .
 All of the Goodyear automotive items advertised , this one included , have no description . This particular -LRB- typically -RRB- stupid product description , like all of the Goodyear `` Hose '' products , do not tell the buyer THE SIZE of the tubing !! They repeatedly hype GOODYEAR , QUALITY , etc. , but no information whatsoever . NO DIAMETER / NO LENGTH / NO MATERIAL ! REALLY STUPID !!!
 Product was supposed to fit 1983 Toyota Celica GTS with 22rec engine . Thread pitch was wrong on this part , so I could not use it . I had to reinstall orginal Toyota Oil Pan Drain Plug which is as old as the car for which I 'm the original , and only owner .
 nice white light , but very weak . 5 watts . Used for daytime running lights on Benz E350 4 matic . . Better than stock bulb .
 These are SUPER WHITE , but certainly not as `` bright '' as the factory stock bulbs . I have them in my Mercedes . You 'll have to consider the trade off . I opted to buy No Error LEDs which are super white and just as bright if not brighter than the stock bulbs .
 I put these in my license plate light and I have to say that I am very disappointed . After reading the great reviews , I could n't help but buy it . People were claiming how it matched the stock HIDs . It does in some way but it is n't even brighter than stock bulbs . For 12 bukcs , almost 20 -LRB- after shipping -RRB- they are definately not worth it . LEDs are much brighter , use less energy , and provide a cleaner look . Save your money and time . Do not buy !!!
 They 're white , but they 're not bright as the OEM driving light bulbs of a MINI Cooper .
 These bulbs are a bit expensive for what they are . I 'd recommend finding a well built LED bulb at 5K if you are matching the factory HIDs . If you are looking for a blue color , and do n't care about output these are your bulbs .
 I bought these light bulb replacements on the strength of the desription . They are not brighter than the old bulbs I replaced them with -LRB- they were over 3 yrs old -RRB- and are very dim . The cost was MANY times more than a new white bulb that I wish I would have bought . I didnt want to endure the return process , but am learning to be more careful when shoppin on-line . I DO NOT RECCOMEND !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I upgraded -LRB- supposedly -RRB- all the exterior bulbs in my 2010 Soul . I did one side at a time to see the difference and I saw none . These were actually dimmer then stock . Would never by again ;-LRB- Do n't waste your money
 I had regular wedge bulbs on the clearance strips of my G35 Coupe . I upgraded those to LEDs for white light but found out that the LEDs were interfering with my radio reception , so I bought these to try to keep the white color and go back to regular filament bulbs to prevent interference.The way the bulbs sit in the light housing , the blue coating on the bulb does not show , so it does n't matter to me . However , the bulbs do look just as they do in the picture with the blue coating.I got them installed and first thing I noticed is that they are not that white , but more of a light blue with some purple tint in areas . Their name `` Xtreme White '' indicated to me that they would produce a color temperature that resembled pure white - not yellowish or bluish . I believe the blue coating helps to filter the yellow light , but in areas where the light is n't bright enough , the light comes through as purplish . So there is some color variation depending on what angle the bulb is lighting your object from . So that 's the first failure , since you ca n't have a blue-ish `` Xtreme White '' bulb.Second , the bulbs really just are n't that bright . Yes , I know they are 168 bulbs and are not HIDs , but you would think being `` Xtreme '' they would throw out more light than a regular 168 bulbs . This is not the case . In fact , they probably throw out a little less light , which is a bit disappointing.The above two issues alone do n't bother me so much individually , but when you think of those two and then realize you paid 3x as much for these bulbs as regular 168 wedge bulbs , then it 's really frustrating . For the price , these bulbs should really deliver in at least one of its advertised properties , and it does not.So all in all , I gave it two stars . The only reason it 's not 1 is because they work and are the only solution to have non-yellowish light from a wedge bulb that 's not an LED . However , based on the price and what you get , I will definitely look for a different solution a little harder before I default back on these .
 I replaced the stock parking lights in my G35 with LED wedge bulbs . One of the bulbs burned out in several weeks ` time , which I attributed to heat sensitivity . I decided to go with wedge bulbs instead and bought these PIAAs based on the reviews . Very disappointed - they are too dim even when compared to stock parking light bulbs , while my -LRB- remaining -RRB- wedge LED blew these out of the water brightness-wise . They are going back , while I 'll roll the dice again with LEDs -LRB- maybe the one that blew out was a dud -RRB- .
 As I had a nine LED dome light giving good , bright , truly white light along with short lifespan , I gave this PIAA bulb a chance , expecting more durability AND the white light advertised , also with proper light distribution -LRB- which is the weakness of LED units -RRB- . I was COMPLETELY FOOLED . The light is very dim , times under my previous LED and not even on par with the OEM bulb -LRB- the car is a Honda Civic 2003 4-door -RRB- , and , worst of all , not white at all , but yellow as any normal incandescent bulb.I replaced as soon as I could with a new , 16-LED source , that gives me proper interior lighting with very even light dispersion . I recommend this one much more . PIAA ? Do n't waste your time and money on them . In my case , those belong in trash since a few days ago .
 This is an item should be elite from the market because from day 1 never work at all and after 1 year does not work anymore . So does not deserve stars
 I bought this new this season and have never been able to get it to work , it is going to the junk pile . The CC instructions did not help and the dealer was unable to demonstrate how it works . Other then that the new CC 54 '' plow works great .
 light output is the same if not a tad less , color is white , but for the extra $ 10 this bulb costs , that is not worth it . Go LED if you can .
 My order was cancelled a week after I placed -LRB- and PAID -RRB- for it , because of `` out of stock '' conditions . Notified Christmas Eve . So , no gift for this friend thanks to Amazon . Surely Amazon ca n't take a week to figure out they ca n't fill the order .
 The last purchase I made at Amazon seemed like an inferior product . I 've bought the same exact spark plugs before 2 times from auto stores and saw an immediate improvement in usage . The ones I bought from Amazon seemed as if they were worse than the originals I replaced . I believe them to be bootleg .
 This is a yellow bulb , expect it to be a yellow bulb.Ontrack delivered the package to the wrong address and it was signed for by that person ! I had to call for a long time to get it straight for their driver to retrieve that package and bring it to me , very poor service ! Their service representative on the phone was also very rude to me trying to make it sound like it was my fault when they delivered to the wrong address ! Wasting my time !!
 I installed two new quick struts in the rear of my camry , willing to pay the premium for the ease of instillation for having the entire strut preasembled for me . They went in fine , but when I took the car out for a test drive there was a terrible knocking from both sides . Not thinking for a second that it would be a problem with the struts , I removed the wheels again and checked to see if anything was tight.After a lot of wasted time I finally found a couple posts for other cars that had similar problems that came from Monroe not properly tightening the top strut nut to anywhere close to 60ft/lbs . After fighting my way to gain acess to the top nut I found that it must have just been put on finger tight.I would have given this product 4-5 stars if they had put it together right and not made a 1hour job take 5 hours . You pay essentially an extra $ 25-50 for them to compress the spring and tighten one bolt , which is apparently beyond them . Monroe should be embaressed with the quality of there assembly .
 great product and great price . I ordered the wrong ones because the description is so hard to navigate . I order Left and right front and recieve two left rear . Product is great , ordering the correct one is terrible . Amazon took them back no questions but I am a little gun shy with car parts now .
 This did n't fit my 08 nissan altima because there is a tab to pull up to shift into reverse which this prevented when installed . If you have that type of stick shift I would n't get this . But the return was very easy and efficient .
 Happily went back to my OEM shift knob after this . Doubt I 'll ever think of changing it again . It changed the throw of the shift . I like stock from now on .
 It was great fo a couple of months . After a couple months of use it became loose and no matter how I try to repair it , it stays loose . I liked it so much that I bought another one . It became loose in less than 1 month and it is impossible to fix it no matter what . I am not going to buy third one . But if you make it work - it feels very good .
 I did not buy the PIAA 19225 bulbs from an Amazon vendor . They replaced , and installed without problem , the inadequate original bulbs -LRB- 7440 -RRB- in my 2010 Honda Odyssey backup lights . The combination of the original bulbs and Odyssey standard tinted windows made backing up in the dark hazardous . The PIAA 19225 bulbs provided no noticable improvement . I 'll probably have to go to auxillary lights to resolve this problem .
 when i got the floor mates i could see just how crappy they were put together , i would not recommend this to any one . and did not give it to my friend for his b-day .
 I bought these because I hated the amber looking lens , I wanted a clean , clear look on my headlights.These do look better than the orange bulbs they replaced , but unfortunately , these still do n't give a monochrome look . You now have a bright blue , Easter egg looking bulb in your turn signal housing . It also gives off different colors in different lighting , and it still does give off an amber color in certain lights.On some applications I can see it working , but I felt it looked too `` ricer '' for my taste.I ended up just buying actual silver/chrome coated bulbs that light up Amber . They were much cheaper , and had a cleaner look than these fluoroscent blue blobs at each end of my headlights .
 I have tried for over a month to do business with Best Price Mirror through Amazon with NO results . Promised emails and return calls have not gotten the product that I ordered . Just cancel the order and refund the remainder of my money . The first time that you do n't do what you say is a mistake . The second time is a shame . After that you are just a liar . If you expect to stay in business this way , good luck . I will forward my experience with you -LRB- and your man named `` Peter '' -RRB- to my very extensive email list and will recommend that each of them do the same . That should reach several thousand potential customers in the next 24 hours . Amazon should consider their business arrangement with Best Price Mirror .
 These bags were just awkward . Did n't really fit onto my luggage rack very well . I 've tried every configuration of bungees and straps I could think of and it still did n't tighten down like I wanted it to and it would have been a pain in the tookus to get off to take in somewhere . I ended up with a leather messenger bag from the big named dealer where we bought the bike and it was perfect . Rediculously expensive , but perfect .
 Material was n't listed but , I thought for sure Skyjacker would 've made these from steel . They 're not ... they ' r aluminum . Total junk , and I would never put these on a lifted 4x4 .
 I have a dashmat from years ago for the same car , now I have a second . The new dashmats are really poor workmanship in comparison . It looks like a reject . Major sewing errors and miscuts , sloppy factory defects . I had to send it back.I already have same exact mat from years ago that always fit correctly , this one is ridiculous , not right at all . I 'll try a different brand , I guess.I also ordered for a different car and that one had less defects so we kept it . Still , We will do some sewing to correct one poor detail .
 Car
 I purchased these as a cheaper quicker easier temporary repair for torn mounts on a 2001 Honda civic 1.7 mt , an application specifically calling this part # per Energy Suspension 's website . I have had good luck with poly filled mounts on a Honda prelude so I thought this would work well . When I went to install them the front mount fit fairly well , but I realized they CLEARLY were cast from a completely different rear mount . The rear insert required massive trimming to even partially fit - even still it was not close and I am not happy with how poorly it fit . I had to cut and bore out 4 or 5 different places as the mount is most definitely NOT the same , only somewhat similar shape.After install I thought the car would shake violently to the point of vibrating things off the dash , and my dash trim would wobble as much as 1/8 of an in at idle . It was very audible from outside the car and a distance how much the car shook , and this car runs very well . I also own a pretty much race prepped Nissan 240sx with solid block polyurethane replacement motor mounts , and it vibrated FAR less than this !! The rwd 240sx has 2 total mounts , while the fwd honda civic has 4 mounts of which 2 were stiffened and not replaced . A fwd insert should be minimal in it 's uncomfort . I can not even see out my rear view mirror.I have contacted E.S. detailing my notes but do not believe they even gave it notice . I wonder how many bad reviews it takes ?
 I use a portable toilet weekly . The CONS
 WE HAVE TWO OF THIS PRODUCT IN OUR CAMP FOR WINTER USE . AFTER ONE YEAR THE FLUSH SLIDE BECOMES VERY HARD TO USE . IT STICKS . I CALLED THE FACTORY , YOU GET VOICE MAIL THAT SAYS THEY WILL RETURN THE CALL AT THERE CONVIENCE . 60 DAYS LATER AND STILL NO RETURN CALL .
 I purchased this to be used for a camping trip with my 4 and 10 year old so I would not have to leave one in teh tent while I went with the other to the comfort station . I haveto say thsi unit is much larger than I thought it would be . It held all of us with a problem . It worked fine but then it began to leak around the hand pump . I do n't think it is worth the price of it . If I coudl do it all over again , I would not have purchased it .
 After one of our Sears bought Thetford 565 's flusher failed , we needed to replace it . This one had good reviews and figured it would work well . I got it and was n't sure but did n't have time to do anything as it was needed the next week . From initial setup at our cottage , it was a disappointment . Here is my list of grievances .1 -RRB- leaks from the cover of the clean water tank . The valve in there is n't one-way , so you need to be careful with it . In other words , put it down flat on the ground only if you do n't want it to leak .2 -RRB- flusher was real poor and perhaps some Vaseline to seal around the plunger would work -LRB- did n't have any -RRB- , but this had a lot of problems moving water and was NOISY . This was by the sleeping quarters and was very obtrusive in the dead of night .3 -RRB- The pour out spout , that allows you to direct the waste when dumping , is not integrated , but has to be attached and unattached when used . The 565 's was integrated and easy to use . This one increased the likelihood that you would have to touch the black-water product .4 -RRB- The `` cover '' for the black-water tank , that you pull in and out , is noisy as well . Additionally , it had edges withing the black-water container , which would allow for stuff to catch on it and be held onto instead of dumped .5 -RRB- the gauge to judge when full without opening is lack luster , but we only used this one sparingly . The other 565 we had was used for general usage -LRB- guests and # 2 -RRB- .6 -RRB- The air-pressure valve , used when dumping to allow air into the chamber , was a poor design . A sleeve over a mount point is used to be pulled up to allow air into the chamber.Generally , after using the 565 's -LRB- now called a 365 -RRB- for a few years , this just did n't match up . I do n't believe I can realistically return this after usage so I 'm out the money . It is still at camp , and we 'll try again next year . but , I wish I had tested it with clean water and verified this is what I wanted . Otherwise , I would have looked around again .
 I PURCHASE THIS , FOR MY GOD-MOTHER WHO WAS RECOVERING FROM MAJOR SURGERY , HER BEDROOM WAS MOVE TO THE FIRST FLOOR , SO THEREFORE SHE NEEDED A PORTABLE TOILET . . HOWEVER THIS ONE WAS JUST TO SHORT , ACTUALLY IT WAS TO LOW TO THE GROUND , NOT GOOD FOR SOMEONE WHO HAS HEALTH ISSUES AND CA N'T BEND .
 FIGURED ID PAY THE EXTRA MONEY BECAUSE LIKE WE ALL KNOW `` YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR '' UNFORTUNATELY THIS ITEM DOESNT HOLD ITS WEIGHT ... BUT NOT THE WORST EITHER ... FIRST THE PROS ; THE BOWL IS DEEPER AND THE FLUSH HOLE IS PLACED IN A GOOD LOCATION ON THE BOWL , TWO DIRECTIONAL RINSE , PRETTY AND NICE SMOOTH SURFACE , THE RIGHT HEIGHT ... . NOW THE CONS
 This was our first portable potty purchase . We gave it a water-only test run and are very disappointed . The flush mechanism only works if the water tank is very full and even then delivers just a trickle of water . We tried contacting the manufacturer at their web address only to have the email returned as undeliverable . We are returning this product .
 I ordered the Dashmat under the premise that it was an easy install , being mechanically retarded this appealed to me ... lol ... I 'm sure it would have been easier had the velcro that came with it actually stuck to the dash . I did what the instructions said , clean the dash thoroughly with a mild solution , NO Armoral , my dash had n't seen Armoral in 10 years in fact . So after fighting , sweating , and swearing over the non-sticky velcro I found myself at the auto store looking for industrial strength velcro . After about 2 hours I had it installed .
 I really hated these pedals they were flimsy and cheap I wouldnt recomend them to anyone
 Good day friend , I wish you success in your businessI received the box with my products , but there is none of the rear bushings.ENERGY SUSPENSION 16.18110 G MASTER SET FOR HONDA CIVICThey were in the package ? or not they contain?I ask because according to the product description says all I need to come and see all the back missing.I hope your news to get the feed backI ` m sorry but do n`t speak inglish.Regards , jonathanmarro
 Would love to purchase this Item howerver it states nothing about the type of electrical hook up . There are a couple of different kinds . From 3 to 5 prong systems .
 I really hated these pedals they were flimsy and cheap I wouldnt recomend them to anyone
 this item give false ads ant to me it has never did what they say it would do . I have used it on the seat and dash of my truck , I would have done better using water .
 I had these installed in my 2001 Honda Civic LX and they seemed to be great . The handling was great but after hitting around 60mph the steering wheel begins to shake . Then , after 5 months of having these bushings installed , the cold weather came and wow ... what a difference ... not a good difference either . They squeak like crazy after every bump in the road and going over speed bumps . If I could afford it I would get rid of them and buy better ones . I would not recommend these bushings to anyone . If you 're looking for a cheap , durable resort to your broken bushings then sure . But I would invest in something a little less noisy and shaky .
 Shipping Review of this Product.I got my product , the Energy Suspension 16.3116 G Black Hyper-Flex Front Control Arm Bushing Set . through the mail and its a let-down . The package , a carton box was torn all over , when i took the product out . the plastic seems to have been open once before . staplers were already out of place and it seems to be missing a grease tube.This Product came with :1 . 1 pair of Lower Arm Compliance bushing2 . 1 pair of Lower Arm Arm Bushing3 . 3 grease tubes4 . 1 Installation InstructionI could be wrong , but I believe since i have 2 pair of bushings i should get 2 pairs of grease tubes.If anyone from the company is reading this . please send me the missing grease tube or correct me . Thank You.I 've yet to install it on my 2001 Honda Civic Coupe EX . When I do I 'll write a review about that .
 The mechanic would not install them because they could n't verify the quality and the car could be unsafe or some crap . Maybe the mechanic was pulling one over on me , because they recommended installing brand new control arms with the bushing already installed . I guess these Energy Suspension bushings are for the do-it-you-self-er . I read great reviews from Civic message boards . Oh well , $ 590 later , I returned these bushings back to amazon .
 the project was stripping and refinishing a fiberglass door that had min wax gel stain on it and a poly sealer.I am sorry to say that even after following the directions and applying the product several times , it did not do the job .
 the product pictured in the description is not a control arm bushing . it is an aftermarket axle seal . hope amazon changes this soon
 I bought this tool hoping it would handle some of my basic automotive work on the weekends . This includes taking off lug nuts , caliper bolts , engine plastic cover bots etc. . The impact wrench worked very well on the smaller bolts and is very well put together with a handy carrying case . However , on the larger bolts , including most lug nuts , the little Bosch struggled a lot and finally was unable to take the nuts off . I guess that made me a bit wary about keeping it . However , to give it a fair chance , I took the lug nuts off using an air impact wrench and re-tightened them using a standard manual wheel spanner -LRB- 4 socket type -RRB- . I then tried removing the nuts using the Bosch and this time too the little Bosch struggled and was unable to loosen the nuts . That was a deal breaker for me , as I was n't ready to have a small compact impact for the smaller jobs and another larger one for the big boys . Thus , I sold my Bosch and now own a Craftsman C3 19.2 V which does almost every job well -LRB- however , it is a little bigger than the compact Bosch -RRB- . I would n't say this is a bad tool . I just feel that you need to define your application well before you buy it . Its great for small , light jobs . Awful for when you need more torque.If I were to start again I would go with a Bosch 18V model .
 Like the title says , this was a beautiful piece to add to the whole Amy Brown theme I had going in my car . But unfortunately I will be buying a new steering wheel cover b/c it fell apart w/in the first week of me having it . I still do n't know what happened to it , the fabric on one side just starting coming off in little black pepper chunks.I 'm still bummed about it cause now I have to go buy something else , spend more money , and it 'll not match the set of `` Silver Moon Fairy by Amy Brown '' stuff I got for my car . : -LRB-
 I recently bought this steering wheel cover to match my seat covers . It looked great till I got it on my steering wheel and it started to fall apart . The one side has the fairy coming off and black stuff flaking off on my hand when I use it . I have never had issues with stuff I order from Amazon but this was a large disappointment .
 product is very cheaply made , I bought one and tried to make it work but could not . I bought a proheat heater and it is a much better product , cost just a little more but much better value . I would recommend the proheat but not the kats
 How high is my blood pressure right now , paid for one day shipping , they did n't arrive . When they did arrive no grounded plug . description says ` Three prong grounded plug '' CSA Approved , well I count 2 prongs and for using them outside that 's BS . Amazon get your description correct , you have cost me money and precious time in keeping my vehicles operating in the cold weather and then to be connected to India , where I 'm not even sure she knew what a prong was ... was another waste of my time.Sell what you advertise .
 This product has no safety features . It has no fuse , no regulation and it is only limited by a house circuit breaker . I used it one time and saw the flaws with it and it will not be used again . I can not recommend it for safe use in any application .
 I took it out of the package and decided to test it before using it on my motor - I also noticed that the cord plug was n't gounded.I plugged it in and it started to curl , smoke everywhere , and I unplugged it so it would n't meltIt is not `` thermostatically controlled '' - it just turns on when you plug it in.Worthless and dangerous - I was going to use this as a block heater for my boat engine - I 'm glad I did n'tDon ' t waste your money on this thing .
 I purchased these heaters under the assumption that they were to heat my auto batteries.When I received them I was in the middle of other repairs and it took a while -LRB- 2 weeks -RRB- to get ready to install them . I was very suprised at how small they were.When trying to understand how these units would go underneather the batteries for installation it did not make sense to place them under the batteries for fear of rubbing a hole in them.DigKats 24150 150 Watt 4 `` x 5 '' Universal Hot Pad Heaterging out the small instructions I noted it said `` not for use on batteries.These were pretty expensive units -LRB- 25 each -RRB- for them to state NOT to use them for the reason they were purchased .
 This is a 3/16 inch punch , not a 1/4 inch punch . Worked fine on 18 gauge metal but would not punch 16 gauge .
 On the advice of a friend , I replaced my Toyota Tacoma 's manual transmission gear oil with this Royal Purple Max . From the start , I encountered poor shifting and excessive gear noise . After two months the shifting got so bad , I opted to replace it with the previous gear oil I was using -LRB- Redline MT90 -RRB- . Now my shifting is back to being easier , with the gear noise gone ... For the price of this oil it should have performed better than it did - I was very disappointed .
 I bought the 75W-90 for my W56 manual transmission in my 1987 Toyota Pickup a long time ago . At first nothing much changed , then it got harder to shift into first and reverse gears . I soon sold the truck to my cousin , cause I had bought a Tacoma and needed the money . Apparently my cousin , had to change out the transmission , cause he was complaining he was `` losing gears '' . From what I 've heard from other Toyota 4x4 enthusiasts , the synchronizers in the transmission require some friction in order for you to engage into whatever gear you 're wanting . Seems that Royal Purple 's gear oil is a little too slick for at least , a Toyota transmission.I 've now got a 1987 Toyota 4Runner and I 'm going to spend my money on Redline 's MT-90 gear oil , since I 've heard so many good things about it from other Toyota enthusiasts .
 Had to ship the first one back becasue it was misboxed but once I got the bra it fit like a glove and covered up blemishes on the front end .
 Bought this for my Ultra Classic hoping on long trips this would solve my discomfort on the bottom side for me and my G.F. Seat arrived as expected , put on bike and fit fine , took a 3 - hour ride with G.F. , she had sours on her upper legs due to the raised back on the drivers seat . This raised back rest was higher then the back seat . I 'm 6 ' tall , sat on the back seat and had the same issue with this hitting my upper legs . The passenger would have to be 6 ' 6 '' , mostly legs to avoid this discomfort . This is an obvious design flaw in the product , making un-usage for a passenger . I immediately shipped the seat back . Amazon shorted me $ 124.45 on the return . We swapped several e-mails claiming my dissatisfaction with this product and the lack of a full refund . Amazon claimed the supplier had to charge re-stocking fees . I shipped everything back the same way I received , so the supplier made their profit at my expense and could still sell this to the next sucker . I would have been content with a $ 40 reduction in refund for shipping allowance -LRB- which is what it cost me to ship back -RRB- , but Amazon would not fight for the customer for this defective product . I lost $ 164.45 on this item .
 Why is Slick 50 NOT Slick 50 anymore ??? Before 1984 , Slick 50 was a one-time metal-infused treatment which coated your engine parts with an anti-wear lubricant film . The magic ingredient in Slick 50 NOW is Polytetrafluoroethylene . Do n't try to pronounce it
 Slick 50 and similar additives that contain Teflon are a waste of money , pure and simple . It has been shown time and time again that these products do n't work , that so-called `` tests '' are not repeatable , and most important of all , that it is scientifically impossible for Teflon to do what they claim in an internal combustion engine . Teflon will not `` bond '' to metal until heated to 800 degrees , which is impossible in any normal engine without destroying it . The particles of Teflon can not attach themselves to moving parts , and simply settle out or plug your filter . Those who claim that their engine `` ran without oil '' for such and such a time overlook the obvious , it would have done the same without Slick 50 as well . Blind tests have shown this to be true . The companies that sell this stuff were forced to stop making claims about longevity and fuel savings because they could not demonstrate them to be true . DuPont has said again and again that Teflon is not intended to be used in engines , and ca n't work as a lubricant in engines . So , do n't waste your money on this junk . Buy some premium synthetic oil and a good oil filter and change it , it will do much more good for your car than this junk .
 The product is fine except for the fact that it was stated it was a package of 10 when in fact I received a package of 2 !!!! I got ripped off !!!
 I ca n't believe the roller coaster pricing on this item . I began watching it a few months back in the $ 7.00 neighborhood , and watched it work its way up to almost $ 18.00 . This is an item you think you would find at a Dollar Store , but my wife really wanted it . At least I bought it when it came back to around $ 10 bucks . Came creased , I have had a heavy object on it to straighten it out . Made in Viet Nam.I do n't notice any strong odors that other people have complained of . It does have a slight odor -LRB- kind of cigerette smokey -RRB- but I chalk that up to being new , and should dissapear over time . It also states it has plush sunglass holder area . When I read that I thought it had a soft plush fabric inside that pocket , but it does n't . It appears to be the same material as the outside ? That to me is not a plush interior . But I think that is a moot point , because normal sunglass are not going to fit inside that pocket anyway . Maybe clip ons?Before buying this particular sunvisor organizer check out other organizer for around $ 5 or $ 6 dollars here on Amazon . I recommend only if you think it will slide over your sunvisor , and do n't mind the price.UPDATE 30 MINUTES LATER
 The reaso I gave it only TWO stars is the straps to slide over the visor are too short . Had to re-engineer using velcro .
 it works ... but the construction is super cheap . the flap where the glasses go for example , barely closes and only has a little velcro thing int he middle . the edges flop down . : /
 I got it apx 8-22ish . . & went out of town -LRB- didnt drive for 2wks -RRB- i 'm back now & have only driven w / it 4x since being out of town & the little 3d features have started pealing off , i had one just like it i got from walmart 3yrs ago & it didnt start peeling for 6mo , so i can only assume this one may be old stock even tho i got it new ... it does the job & matches my seat covers . other than the tiny skinny things peeling off it 's great it 's soft velour & a great feeling grip .
 The cover was on the steering wheel for less than a month when it started falling apart . The fabric is coming detached from the plastic parts . My daughter is very upset as this cover matches her seat covers.VERY , VERY , VERY DISAPPOINTED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I had previously purchased a Xantrex 851-400 inverter to run in conjunction with a marine battery so as to power lights for my jewelry booth at Art Fairs . I was very happy with it but when I decided to expand my use of lights , necessitating a second battery and a second inverter , for whatever reason I decided to try the Whistler PI-400W and save a whopping $ 7.55 . Big mistake . The Xantrex will operate flawlessly for 2 days sucking enough juice out of that marine battery to operate 75 watts of CFL bulbs for 8-10 hours each day . The Whistler worked well for the first day but kick off after 2 hours of the second . The first time that it happened I rationalized that perhaps I had n't fully charged the second marine battery but after making sure to test it again with both batteries on successive weekends , I got the same result both times . The moral of the story is that Amazon does a great job of refunding your money during the first 30 days and do n't get cheap when making your purchase . If you find a product that does the job well that you need it to do , pay the man !
 I used this inverter on our camping trip and was very disappointed in the materials they used . The terminal head -LRB- black -RRB- was accidental hit and was bent . I looked closer to find that the terminal black head connection is made of a light metal and was broken half way and was only attached to both ends by a cork screw thread . I managed to get it working by pushing back the bolt end and was able to get a connection . To prevent this from happening again you would need to protect this unit with a padded case . 400 watts power is enough for camera or cell chargers or to pump up an air mattress , do n't expect this unit to do much more then that . Because of the terminal heads and how delicate they are , I would not recommend this product .
 This unit comes with a car cigarette lighter adapter which connects to the unit via ring terminals at the end of its 2 + and - cables . Well , I connected the adapter ring terminals to the unit , and both adapter cables detached from their ring terminals at the same time . Looks like the ring terminals were not crimped to their cables properly . Easy to just get new ring terminals and re-crimp , but this sort of thing should not happen to brand-new stuff.The vent holes on the side of the unit are not in a straight line , they look like they were drilled by someone holding a drill rather than on an assembly line machine . I bet this product is manufactured by hand with very basic tools rather than on a modern assembly line .
 I bought this device after years of having a much lower power model work great and this one had good reviews.For lower power applications it has worked weeks flawlessly . Today I finally needed to use it for what I purchased it for . Startup watts on my device is 380 watts and continuous power is around 200 . Well under the 800 watt peak of this unit . It died on within a second . Thinking the fuse had blown , I popped it out and it is n't . The unit itself is blown . I hope I 'm within the return period and if they do n't replace this one , it will be my last purchase of one of their products .
 This thing is unstable , works very inconsistently right off the bat and makes weird loud random electrical noises , buy an inverter of another make ...
 1 week after i installed this product it tore from the strech points and hopefully i can repair it
 Purchased the LeBra for my 2000 Pontiac Grand Prix . It was so impossibly tight , stretching it across the front bumper , that I ripped one of the tabs that secures to the fender well . I and ended up sending it back and was disappointed that it did not work out . Hopefully , this was an isolated case .
 I purchased this and placed it on my new car and within 6 weeks of ownership it has ripped on both sides near the wheelwell as well as scratched the paint from cheap connectors . Its one of the worst products , I would have rated it no stars or 1 but Amazon only let me place 2 stars.Stay Away , you have been warned .
 This item does not fit 2005 malibu maxx ls like it says it would ... this item is for the 04-05 malibu classic and 97-03 malibu . It your is n't a malibu classic you really want product # 55906-01 . I had to pay for the shipping back to amazon for there mess up ... thats wrong
 Two reorders did not fit my toyota camry . It needed a cover made for that year -LRB- 2005 -RRB- by Covercraft which fitted nicely ,
 The cable that I received was made by OBD2CABLES , not Linear Logic , the company that makes the ScanGauge II and E products , even though the listing in a couple of places says that it is `` by ScanGauge '' . Now these sort of cables are pretty simple items , so you would think that a non-OEM cable should be just fine ... but it would be nice to know that you are buying an equivalent part versus an OEM part . Unfortunately for me , the cable I was sent -LRB- from ScanTool , fulfilled by Amazon -RRB- has some sort of intermittent problem that seems to confuse my Jeep Cherokee 's computer , causing an engine shutdown ! I plan to order a genuine ScanGauge OBDII cable directly from Linear Logic . Amazon informed me that ScanTool is the source of the deceptive wording in the item listing , and is allowing me to return the non-OEM cable for a refund .
 I purchased this cable so that I could remove scangauge from my truck to scan other vehicles , but it has an offset plug and wo n't fit in the recessed connection port on many cars . My original cable and the one pictured for sale have a straight plug .
 Cable came in with a cheap RJ45 connector . The tab broke and I had to put another one on . I would purchase the original from ScanGuage .
 ITEM REPRESENTED TO BE EXACT SWAP FOR EXISTING 1996 JEEP GR . CH . LTD. 5.2 LTR . V8 ALTERNATOR ... THEN OPEN BOX ... FIND BAD NEWS BULLETIN ... IF OLD ALT . WAS NIPPONDENSO , PULLEY ON BOSCH IS TOO NARROW ... MUST REMOVE DENSO PULLEY AND SWAP WITH BOSCH PULLEY ... GOOD LUCK REMOVING A 16 YEAR OLD CORRODED ... RUSTED NUT ON OLD PULLEY ... BESIDES ... I BOUGHT ` NEW ' AND I PAID FOR ` NEW ' AND I WANTED `` ALL NEW '' NOT A 16 YEAR OLD USED PULLEY OFF A DECREPIT ALTERNATOR ! I GAVE BOSCH ` HELL ' FOR REPRESENTING EXACT SWAP WHEN IT WAS OUTRIGHT LIE ! BOSCH REP APOLOGIZED ... ADMITTED THIER BLAME BY NOT WARNING BUYER IN ADVANCE THAT NEW PULLEY WOULD N'T FIT EVEN THOUGH ` SPECS ' SAID IT WAS ` EXACT SWAP . `` BUYER BEWARE ... SELLERS WILL SAY WHATEVER IT TAKES TO SELL TO A ` SUCKER . ' NO STARS ... JUST VITRIOL ... NEVER BUY A BOSCH PRODUCT AGAIN . PERIOD.AMAZON WILL TAKE BACK ... THANK ` GOD ' I BOUGHT IT THRU AMAZON .
 I LIVE IN FLORIDA AND IT TOOK A WEEK BEFORE THE TAPE PEELED ... I THEN CLEANED THE TAPE OFF BOUGHT A 4 DOLLAR ROLL OF 3M TAPE AND ITS BEEN ON FOR MONTHS WITH NO PROBLEM ... LOVE THE LOOK OF THIS PIECE BUT WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE WHO BUYS IT BEFORE YOU PUT IT ON YOUR JEEP ... PEEL OFF TAPE AND REPLACE WITH 3M . I AM EDITING THIS REVIEW BECAUSE I HAD TO REPLACE IT BECAUSE IT RUSTED OVER , THE PRODUCT I RECEIVED ALSO WASNT RUGGED RIDGE !
 This is simply a hollow piece of plastic that will not fasten to any 3 prong plug . I purchased it to secure to an auto battery tender AC cord when it was n't in use . Not worth the time or cost of returning it .
 This was listed as an accessory for a Kat 's replacement heater cord that I ordered . Amazon had it on the same page , as `` buy these together . '' It absolutely does not fit that application . It looks like this should cover the end of any 3-prong ac cord , but it does n't fit anything that I have . The inside is hallow and has no way to attach to the prongs , so it would need to be an exact press-fit over the plug housing . Good luck with that . I would save your money or find something else .
 when I received this cord cap I wanted to install on my block heater . This thing is probably the worst cap I have ever seen . Being an electrician for 34 years I know what I am talking about . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! I would rate this a negative 10 if I could.What a rip off . Cap will not stay on any male cord cap I tried and I tried 10 different brands . If you need a cord cap keep looking .
 Bought this as it shows up as recommended to purchase with the Kat 's -LRB- # 28216 -RRB- block heater cord as a the cap to it . It 's an obvious need to someone who is buying the cord , and should actually come with the cord , but the cord is cheap and so is this , so no biggie buying them both . However , the cap Does not even remotely fit the end of the block heater cord . Plug end would have to be about a 1/4 &#34; to 3/8 &#34; smaller in diameter before it even came close to fitting inside of this cap . Not worth the time or trouble to ship it back , but I hope no one else wastes their money until they do something about this . Actually seems pretty ridiculous that these items sold together clearly are n't remotely close to working with each other , seems like something that should be pretty easy to get right considering the cord and this cap are made by the same company .
 Power cord cap is hard to secure on to cable , does n't fit very well on to plug to protect it . Today went to plug in heater and the little plastic strap broke . Now I have no way to secure cap to cable : -LRB-
 i ordered a large and got a small . a large sticked had been deliberately placed over the small size tag .
 I suspect helmet sizes are sort of like any other piece of clothing , the actual size on the sticker is not consistent between manufacturers . Unfortunately , I just learned this the hard way with this helmet . At least it was on sale.I picked up the XX-Large Helmet here on sale . I can normally wear an X-Large helmet , but the XX feels a bit more comfortable . My thinking was that I 'd rather it be too large than too small.However , even picking one size over what I can wear at a minimum , this was far too small . Compared to other helmets I 've put on -LRB- not a large number , mind you -RRB- , this one feels about like a Large , not even an X-Large . Essentially , it 's about 2 sizes too small . I do n't know that this was intentional or just poor design , but my impression is the latter , as the box was marked properly and the helmet fit in the box just right.Additionally , it 's not very padded inside and has pressure points . Definitely not what I was looking for in a helmet . It looks good , nothing special . The face shield is nice and is detachable , with some effort -LRB- again , good -RRB- . Aside from the wrong sizing and the lack of proper padding , this is actually a pretty reasonable helmet . I 'm keeping it around as a spare for someone with microcephaly , but it wo n't work on my noggin.Still searching for the correct helmet . Oh , well .
 was not the right one for my hhr had ordered 3 times none of them fit sent all of them back .
 If I ever receive them almost a week past due date this is pitiful I just want them to ship already the estimated due date was n't even close I mean seriously ! Why have n't I got my floormats this is ridiculous - sincerely , a really really irritated custom
 I bought this Cobra 2500 watt inverter to upgrade my existing 1500 watt inverter in our travel trailer . It arrived quickly and in about a week I was installing it . This turned out to be quite a hassle , because the Cobra uses two positive and two negative power input lead cables . My old inverter used one of each . I had to buy all new cables to hook it to my batteries . Once that was done , I switched it on . So far , so good . I plugged my ` circuit checker ' into it and got an `` open neutral '' reading . Hmmmm , not good . However , it did seem to operate all my on-board stuff properly -LRB- though showing an `` open neutral at every plug in the coach -RRB- . However , in short order , the unit gave out . Boom - no power . I checked to be sure there was no break in the incoming power , and checked for power at the plugs on the unit . Nothing . I called Cobra customer support and the gentleman asked about all the tests I 'd done -LRB- and I 'd already done all he would have asked me to do -RRB- . He said the only thing he could suggest now was to mail it to them and their ` techs ' would put it on the bench and determine what was wrong.So I shipped it off the next day - and that 's where we stand now - waiting to hear what 's wrong with it , or get a new one to replace it . It 's been over two months.Added later -LRB- July 2007 -RRB- After waiting for over two months for Cobra to return my inverter , I called to see what the hold up was . Without going through the whole story , it seems it just got lost somewhere in the process . Good thing I had my UPS proof of delivery slip ! So after talking to the service department , I was shipped a brand new unit in under three days . Too late for my vacation , of course , but there 's always the next one.I re-installed the unit and it has worked flawlessly . In fact , the cooling fan only comes on when you are using something power intensive -LRB- like an old-fashioned toaster , wife 's hair dryer , stuff like that -RRB- , and goes off immediately when you turn the ` offending ' item off . Our old inverter would turn on the fan simply because of its being a hot day . Very irritating.So , I 'm now a completely happy Cobra 2550 owner and would recommend this unit to anyone wanting a serious inverter . As long as you do n't get one that dies in the first few seconds , you 're good to go ... I would now give it a 5 STAR rating , but the system wo n't let me change my original rating .
 the first time i saw this item at the brochure it was a photograf upon a table telling that was refurbished item , it was with a metalic case opened with the power inverter and cables inside , why do you lie to costumers ? when i got shipped the power inverter it was without case , cables , i really bought this refurbished item thinking , well it comes with case and cables , what a lie ...
 I had another brand stainless steel line on the car but it was getting old so I got these . Nice fit and seemed like a quality product . But the Banjo part was a bit thicker than the other and the washers were also a bit thicker and that combination only left me 3 at most 4 threads to secure the banjo bolt into the caliper . That scared me . I had a good talk with teck support - they assured me that it would work but could not offer a longer bolt or thinner parts so I sent them back.After much searching I found the same brand as I had but with AN connectors not banjo type . 9 threads go into the caliper and I am happy with those . Not sure if Russell also made AN connector type lines or not . If so I could not find them .
 If the look and Harley logo are all you want from a floormat and you have a small car , go for it . If you have a truck or large car and are hoping these will actually keep dirt off your carpet , pass this one by . The grippers on the back are shallow and useless and there is not much depth in the front grooves to trap dirt and water . For the price , this is NOT a good buy .
 Would have been great if they had sent the 2 batteries listed in the add . Instead they sent a bare tool , no batteries . Now they want $ 120.00 more for the batteries . Do n't buy from Max Tool
 This plug may be the matching no . for the Bosch plug , but it is to wide to fit the cylinder head of a BMW F800 GS . I could not use this plug for intended purpose .
 This bugflector caused buffeting and wind noise against the top of the windshield of my Silverado . It helped keep bugs off , but I just could n't stand the noise .
 I ordered this LUND bug shield thinking it would be of the same quality as the shield it was replacing -LRB- LUND # 730438 -RRB- . First thing I noticed was the thickness of this shield was thinner and very flimsy compared to my previous Lund shield . I do n't like the way it hugs the front edge of the hood - sticks up too high and looks like it will be flapping in the wind at 70 mph . I have not had the chance to drive the truck on the xway yet but I can tell just by the flimsy nature of the plastic that it will be a problem . It 'll probably crack after my first visit thru the car wash . For the cost of this shield , I could have purchased a competetors shield for much less with the same quality had i known LUND had cheapened their product . I would not recommend this bug shield for what it costs .
 I ordered my Weathertech 81426 deflectors hoping to put them on as soon i got them . But only the two rear ones were in the box , so i have to wait now . Since i dont know how long it will take to get them , I 'm very mad .
 is not the same . is complete very diferent. , is one pice . l so upcet the product . l want send back . because l whant the product shous on the picture .
 WHEN I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT PER THE SITE AND PICTURE LOOKS SOLID BLACK AND LIKE OEM ON MY TRUCK ONCE I RECEIVED THEM THEY HAD RED ALL OVER THEM FALSE ADVERTISEMENT I DID NOT HAVE TIME TO RETURN THEM NOW I STUCK WITH A BAD PRODUCT ! BECAREFUL WHAT YOU SEE IS NOT WHAT YOU GET !
 Be advised you will get 2 driver side mats . This makes for low rating on this product . When you enter the passenger side the writing DODGE is upside down . Other than that they are OK floor mats , not anything great .
 IF I WAS RUGGED RIDGE I WOULD NOT HAVE MY NAME ASSOCIATED WITH THE FRONT HEAD LIGHT GUARDS . . THE WELDS WERE HANGING ON BY NO MORE THAN 1/8 '' . I COULD BEND THEM WITH VERY LITTLE EFFORT . IT WAS NOT WORTH THE EFFORT OF PULLING THE GRILLE OFF TO PUT THIS JUNK ON MY JEEP WITH $ 10,000 + OF MODIFICATIONS . I SPEND SEVERAL THOUSAND DOLLARS A YEAR ON INTERNET PURCHASES AND THIS IS THE BIGGEST PIECE OF JUNK I HAVE EVER SEEN . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 I 've had installed a Borla kit for my IS300 a few years ago . That kit was a perfect fit . This kit # 14888 was a nightmare to install ! I had to cut the pipes and muffler in at least three differnt places to prevent the exhaust from hitting the body of the car and to get the tailpipes centered ! The kit also didnt come with the correct bend for the exhaust to fit in the stock location . I had to get another pipe bent to connect the catalytic converter to the rest of this exhaust system . It does look pretty good after it was all done . 1989 Pontiac Trans Am GTA . Like the previous reviewer said , it doesnt look like the pic .
 I tried to use this Beck Arnley inner tie rod end with an outer tie rod end made by Moog -- when assembled the overall tie rod assembly was too long . It appears the Beck Arnley inner tie rod is about 3/8 '' longer than other brands . This might be acceptable if using a Beck Arnley inner with a Beck Arnley outer as they are likely matched , but be careful in mixing brands when assembling an inner to an outer tie rod . Application
 I specifically ordered these mats due to the channel to hold water/snow . What I received will not perform this function . I consider this bait and switch!These are not the mats that were advertised ! These mats have no floor channels .
 Had to return these mud flaps . They did not fit my Toyota Tacoma although it said they would . The return was easy so I was not really inconvenienced by the whole thing .
 Is very inconvenient . The top part that is supposed to accept the trash , is not working very well , the bottom part opens up too well for the part that it 's supposed to stay closed . I used it for a while , and I figured , it 's not as convenient .
 Purchased a set of 24198 locks for a Ford Edge . The dealer reported they were the wrong locks for the vehicle - 1/2 x 20 , although specified by McGard & Ford for the Edge . The dealer sheared off the top 1/4 ' removing the lock revealing a rusted out pot metal lock.Very strange . Called McGard customer service , who said they were the correct locks , did n't know why they sheared off and were not very helpful at all . Said to buy a new set . The locks were 10 month old . Used to be a good product , but looks like China junk now .
 This product is a refill , not a complete wiper arm as the photo shows . While I can use the refills I expected the complete part .
 What a disappointment ! I bought three of these lights , one green , one blue , one red . The first one lasted only a few hours of use before the black plastic body crumbled from normal heat of the bulb . Second one did the same thing . Not even going to try the third one . Save your money , pay a little more and buy something higher quality .
 The front pieces fly off if the window is open because there is no adhesive to hold them on , , , Do Not Buy
 I can not recommend this product nor would I ever buy it again.I bought this bug deflector screen kit on Amazon for my new truck to drive the Alaska highway this June.It arrived missing the stick-a-studs in the box and I had to contact company for them.After one day of use , the end tab/nipple broke off one of the stick-a-studs and the screen flapped enough to punch a small hole on my paint.I taped the loose tab down with duct tape.After a week of use , 3 more studs/tabs pulled out of their sticky base and I had to duct tape about twice a day to keep screen on.After two weeks , most of the screen mesh material had torn loose from its base and marring my hood paint by flapping . I finally took this screen off my truck.I had to use touch up paint and try to buff the hood to address the paint damage as best I could , but my new truck paint is damaged on the front of my hood.This product is not sturdy enough for daily use of driving 60-70 mph in my experience and I can not recommend it at all .
 What a horrible product . The clips that attach to the top of the window are a fine idea , however they are completely worthless for windows that have any curve -LRB- and I believe almost all vehicles have curved windows in the rear seats -RRB- . Because of this problem , we closed the window and the thing totally bent in half , making it useless when trying to roll the shade down . It 's cheaply made and even with the window closed completely , the clips allow air to blow into the vehicle -LRB- so it 's obviously not a great choice for winter when snow-glare makes shades necessary -RRB- . I would recommend the white hot sun shades by Munchkin instead . Even though they use suction cups instead of clips , I 'm very impressed with them .
 These shades do not work well in our SUV . Luckily the windows are already tinted so the sun does not get in our daughter 's eyes . The Amer . Acad . of Ped . does not suggest using these since they can fly off and hurt your baby . If you have to use them , use the kind that you can apply directly to the window -LRB- like a sticker , but it is removable -RRB- .
 Even with its 17 inch width , the difference between this and other standard roller shades was minimal . I bought this thinking that it will cover most of the side window in my minivan , but it did not . Thinking I can tip it side ways , the roller was too long for the height of the window . I would have been better off buying two standard size ones and use them together .
 Amazon.com screw up again , kit shows complete unit with tank , but when you received it there 's no bottle , kind of make 's the kit not worth the price.Screw again
 WHEEL LOCKS WERE CHEAP AND SHIP QUICKLY THE ONLY PROBLEM WAS THAT I BASED THE SIZE ON THE SIZE BAR AND IT SAID THAT IT FIT SO I BOUGHT THEM AND COME TO FIND OUT THAT THEY WERE THE WRONG SIZE THE SIZE I NEEDED WAS A 14 X 1.5 . . SO MAKE SURE THAT YOU KNOW THE SIZE BEFORE YOU BUY DONT TRUST THAT SIZE BAR .
 Just got this and the lug nuts key is already damage -LRB- bent -RRB- . There is a saying , `` you get what you pay for '' .
 Amazon
 Standard Motor Products Speed SensorMy 97 Accord speedometer starting acting crazy and Engine check light came on . The code read `` Vehicle Speed Sensor '' problem . The mechanic quoted the price of $ 210 plus $ 90 for installation , so I looked up for cheaper options . I found this one for $ 84 and decide to purchase it . The product details clearly say product No . SC136 which is what my car needed . After 2 days , what I received was an entirely different looking product , No . PC136 . It was urgent as I had to pass emissions for renewing my plates and Amazon screwed it up badly -LRB- I decided to return the product by it crawled into the trash can and I lost my $ 85 for nothing ! -RRB- . Hence , I decided to look for other options and found a similar one at -LSB- ... -RSB- for only $ 24 -LRB- and similar one on Ebay for the same price . I ordered this one and got it in 2 days and got it installed . It has been working fine ever since ! So if you want to pay 3 times the price for a wrong product , go ahead , click `` ADD TO CART '' now !
 Although there are many videos on YouTube this product came with no instructions or more importantly a replacement rivet or screw . IMO these should be included , the bulk of these are being installed by mediocre mechanics at best.My beef is that its a poor design from GM and should be recalled . My truck is a low mileage -LRB- 44K -RRB- and has been babied its entire life . A door handle should not fail in 44,000 miles .
 this was an alright product , but there was a couple of issues , first was the picture online did not match the real thing , also the lock plug for the door lock does not work , had to use the old one and cut the tab down for the old one to fit .
 Initially , I paid about $ 2.39 for this product and for the passenger side handle . It arrived quickly and was easy to install . I could not notice any major differences between this product and the original product . Even after installing on the passenger side , the door is difficult to open . It worked fine on the driver 's side door until today , when I noticed difficulty opening the door . Eventually , the lever snapped off the handle . I am not thrilled to have to keep opening my door from the outside when exiting the vehicle . Now , my interior handle needs to be replaced for the second time in one and a half months .
 This item shipped fast but when I got around to program it for my truck , it would not set the alarm !!! It would lock and unlock the doors but that was all it would do .
 When researching this item I found that Dowco claims that this cover will fit a full dressed cruiser . My V-Star 650 -LRB- small -RRB- cruiser has a windshield and a small tail bag and the cover was small for the bike . The cover fit , but it was snug . Not what I 'd expect from a `` Large '' cover.After getting the cover on I felt it was more snug then I really wanted it -LRB- not wanting to have to wrestle with it every day -RRB- but I figured at least I know it 's not going anywhere . I tried the cover for one night and in the morning the seams had split in about 5 different areas . I would not say that the cover was on too tight , or stretched , just snug . Even if it fit the bike properly a strong wind would probably rip the seams.I give this cover 2 stars not because it did n't fit right but because it did n't even last one night . It 's a cheap cover that might be great for use in a garage as a dust cover , or as a lightweight touring cover , but if you need something for outdoor daily storage I would n't recommend it.If you do by it , buy big . The large does not even fit a small cruiser.The best part about this purchase was that Amazon makes returns easy and they took it back without question . Thank you Amazon !
 I ordered these for my truck before seeing the light duty truck designed shocks amazon had to offer . I opened them when they arrived just to take a looksy and these things look like even on a light truck they 'd snap . unless youre using a tiny clown car I wouldnt be able to trust these for suspension . The color was cool though
 This product is a joke.The 500,000 power light is similar to a flashligh about to die ... . yellow beam and doubt it if you could read the house number across the street . I have no idea where these people get the power ratings . I 'd give it about 100 candle rating and being generous about it.Then there is a smaller light at te back of the main light for closer work as the instructon says . Let me tell ya , this light is about 1/2 candle rating and you 'll be lucky if you can see the light itself : -RRB- The second problem is that the unit has such a weak motor that it gets stuck half way rotating -LRB- up-down -RRB- or something stop it by an obstruction . Have to give it a push to get it over that bad section . So , what good it is if you have to move it by hand to get it moving?some remote it is.heheh!What a waste of money.The actual unit is well made on the outside by lacking good mechanical power to make it move.Am too pissed to send it back and the hassle of paying for it . So , am going to take it apart and try to fix it , so I can use it for another purpose
 Pros ; Free shippingCons ; First replacement broke on first useSecond replacement broke on second useOverall ; Try your local junk yard save n ' ol' truck embarrassment of rotting its handles into the ground .
 I should 've believed the other reviews that said this handle was a piece of junk . Turns out it is - broke the first time used . This is poor quality import and you 're better off spending a few more bucks to get the real OEM part .
 Before ordering this item , I compared the description of this O2 sensor to others sold on Amazon . This one claims to be an OE direct fit , while another was a universal fit . When it arrived , I was surprised to find out that you had to cut the plug off your current O2 sensor and solder it onto the new one . I returned it and got a Bosch sensor for $ 5 more from a local parts store that did n't require me to reuse my old plug .
 The alarm functions works well with this item , but I ordered a new one from Amazon just to get two new remotes . The remotes tend to break at the loop for the key chain , and the entire alarm is less expensive then the two remote controls would cost to replace . I broke both of the originals in about 3 years and I do n't see any change in the design so I suspect these will last about the same . 1-2 years each .
 The multimeter was dead on arrival . In the millivolt range , I got random readings -LRB- up to 400mV -RRB- even when the leads were n't connected to anything.In addition , the product description is wrong . The length of the unit is advertised as 5 inches , when in reality it 's 8 -LRB- 7.5 with the yellow boot taken off -RRB- . The thing is huge .
 not easy to use . i charged a batterty on slow charge from 12 hours then i tried to use it , but there was no power at all . the battery was dead .
 Did not work when received . front panel poorly assembled and loose . I would look at other battery chargers before buying this one .
 So far I havent been able to charge anything with this charger ... I tried to use the 50 AMP selection to start a Mountaineer that had been sitting in the driveway for a while . It set off the Alarm system and never came close to turning the engine over . I tried slow charging and no better . Pay a little more and get a good charger . I will keep it and see if it will charge my mower battery . . if not I will give it to someone .
 Wo n't even charge a 4 wheeler battery much less a car . Was and is totally useless . Do n't buy this unless you have a good battery , cause it will do nothing for the battery !
 When taken out of the box I immediately noticed that one of the rubber mounts -LRB- dampener -RRB- was broken . Also a hose from the valve cover to the breather was cut almost in two.I then found that the battery was ` dead ' to the extent that my charger would not even recognize it existed.I called Amazon and found that I was SOL with them since it was not a returnable item . I called Coast distribution and asked them to send me the parts so I could make the repairs and they would not do so . They gave me the name of an authorized warranty repair place 25 miles away and told me I had to take it there.I delivered it yesterday and they were very helpful , but they will have to order the parts and hopefully at some time in the future I will have to go pick it up.On a brighter note , before I took it to the shop I tried it out to make sure it would run/work . Of course I had to start it with the pull rope -LRB- dead battery -RRB- , but it did start easily and ran good . I hooked it to my fifth wheel trailer and it ran the air conditioner fine . The noise level was a little higher than I expected , but not too bad . I ran it for about 2.5 hours and it did fine.I have hope that when/if the repairs are successfully completed that it will serve my needs .
 bought a kipor 3000e 4 15 08 guit runing in less than 5 hr they gave me a rebuilt that never was right iam still trying to get something that works no luck
 1 . Does not fit standard bulb receptacle , nor the opening in the taillight assembly . Had to drill out my taillight to fit , and tape it into the bulb receptacle .2 . So low in decibels , could * barely * hear it outside the car , standing 1 foot away from backup light .3 . Vastly overpriced - suggest you consider the WOLO backup alarm available at Kragen , AutoZone , or online at Amazon . Wolo = $ 11.00 , this product = $ 25 +
 I installed this in my ford van . The sound level is plenty loud enough for me , as I want to keep people from walking behind me in the parking lot , not alert the people in the next state over that I am backing up . The reason I do n't like this product and can not recommend it is two fold . First , the beep beep noise is actually like a beep beep squack squack beep squack . The pitch changes all the time and it actually is embarrassing . It was my fault that I called to inform the company about this like 6 or 7 weeks after I got it , as it was just not high on the list of things to do . They have a year warranty . Well , they want me to pay the shipping to return it . I explained to them that while I did fail to call sooner , I am not a liar and the product was bad upon receipt . I already blew 25 bucks on this piece of junk , so I 'm not sure I even care to spend another $ 5.00 to get a replacement . That is my experience and how I feel about this product . I bought this item at etrailer dot com and because of the way they are handling the return I learned the hard way that I should have got it from Amazon and now I know where I will not be shopping . It 's not a huge amount of money , but I have to budget every penny I spend so it affects me more than someone who might have discretionary income .
 Not loud enough , can not hear more than 10 to 12 feet from alarm.I have had other brands that I could 100 or more feet away.I purchased another one that I had to wire in to the reverselight wire . Now it works really good.I left the other one in , being I needed a new bulb anyway .
 Needed a HEX -LRB- 6 -RRB- spline drive for a set of spline lugs I had lost the tool for . This product states in the description that it is a 13/16 &#34; hex pattern spline drive . They got the 13/16 &#34; diameter right , but I received an 8 point spline drive . They should name this &#34; 13/16 OCTO Spline Drive &#34; . Did not fit my application.HOWEVER , they were really nice about getting my money back . They credited me for the full price of the item , and told me to keep the item and not worry about shipping it back .
 I bought 2 of these to replace a previous one that had split at the end after removing 3 summer wheels on my Mazda3 . I figured the previous one broke as I had not inserted it all the way onto the lug nut before trying to remove the nut . I tried the first replacement , making sure that it was properly seated onto the lug nut . Using just a short tire lug iron that came with my car the McGard tool twisted and collapsed . Broke without even loosening 1 nut!I filled the 2nd replacement with epoxy to keep it from breaking and was able to get the 4th wheel off.I like the McGard splined lug nut but the installation tool needs to be made stronger like their competitors . A stronger stiffer metal should do it .
 I bought this item during a deployment for the wife back home since one of our tires was damaged and had to be replaced . Somewhere along the line we lost the original key we had . The product description matched up to what we needed to remove the lugs from our wheel . However , upon receiving the item we had discovered that it was not the correct piece . Since it was not very expensive I chose not to try and pursue a refund or exchange due to the combined fact that being deployed it was far too much hassle to attempt such a thing , coupled with the fact that we needed to get the tire replaced we had already waited a week for delivery . By the time the item had arrived and we find out it was not the correct one we had a friend who does a lot of mechanic work -LSB- not a mechanic though just a hobby -RSB- was kind enough to go purchase the correct key from a local store out of his own pocket and was able to help us resolve the problem . In any event I can not say that I liked this item for the following reasons1 . It was not made to be high quality , after inspection I doubt that it would have much of a life span . I doubt it would be of further use after the use we would have put on it swapping a tire off and then back on .2 . Due to its lower quality in craftsmanship , I fear that the tightening you want and require to keep your tires on firmly for your own safety would not just wear the tool out itself but you own personal tool kit which you would be using for the tightening might suffer some damage from this piece .3 . Either the item number does not match the product proper , or I was simply sent the wrong item .
 First of all , I 'd like to know why McGard does n't include this tool with their lug nut set ? After all , the lug nuts are useless without this tool ... This socket drive is sub-standard , as it 's made out of aluminum . Apparently McGard does n't realize that this tool will be used to torque on and off lug nuts ! I started to do this -LRB- on the first lug nut -RRB- and noticed the splines were beginning to bend on this socket ... With this result , I took off the lug nut and threw the whole kit away !
 These are the lug nuts specified for the 2nd Gen Cadillac CTS-V -LRB- 2009 to present -RRB- but they do not fit correctly . They are the correct thread size and type , but the cone is much smaller than the stock nuts . The stock nuts are bulged out at base and cone is much bigger while these do n't have the bulge and sit inside cone of the wheel . They are also much longer than the stock nuts.They may be perfectly fine , but I did n't use them because of the fitment issue and they just did n't look right on the wheel.They are very high quality and would give them a 5 star rating if they fit my car properly .
 Not weighted , not real leather , plastic base , and stitching is really off-white . It does fit fine though ...
 Amazon stated this plug worked with my 05 legacy gt limited . It in fact does not . The plug here is meant for the non-turbo 'd 2.0 motor not the 2.5 turbo . You can imagine the trouble this could cause.Had to have the car towed to the dealer after the motor began to run poorly , heading to a stall in drive and shutter while in park . Dealer said no long term damage was done but that it could have been much worse.Likely no fault of the NGK plug but Amazon 's system for getting it wrong . Either way I am leaving this as a 1 star in hope that people searching will wonder why 1 star and save themselves the expensive troubles I faced . While Amazon covered the cost of getting my car fixed and inspected at the dealer , I see 2-3 weeks later their system still says it works . Dealer made it very clear these plugs were wrong and showed me the difference . It 's visible . We spend about 10K/year on Amazon but I will likely not get auto parts again . Was my first time .
 It advertised it fit our 2002 honda foreman . It did not ... Wasted my money . The tip on the plug was different .
 I recently purchased a pair of these glasses/goggles for a motorcycle trip to the beach . The glasses looked fine and the foam padding made for a nice comfortable fit . About halfway through my 9 hour ride I felt very slight discomfort around my left temple . At the next rest stop I removed the glasses only to discover the left side of the frame broke and fell off . I can not say with absolutely certainty that I did n't somehow cause the glasses to break , but I have glasses/goggles which I have had for years and replaced only because the lenses became so scratched up they were no longer useable . If you can find similar features in a different brand I would steer clear of these .
 Came off the car after the fisrt washing after I had it on over two weeks .
 Did not completely fit . Had to customize it to make it fit . The listing states its a aggressive tone , I think my stock exhaust was louder . I wouldnt really recommend this if you are looking for a easy install , and a deep throaty tone .
 Have n't installed them yet , but feeling paranoid I opened the packaging up tonight to verify that ALL the parts were in the boxes . Lo and behold , one of the packages is missing the shaft nut for the shock top . Awesome . Thanks , Monroe ! ; -RRB-
 I ordered this thinking it would be an upgrade over my stock shift knob either in appearance or feel . It is far smaller than I expected and feels insubstantial in my hand -LRB- and I do n't have especially large hands -RRB- . The feeling is more like holding the end of a broomstick than holding a shift knob that is ergonomically functional . Perhaps all of this falls under the category of subjective personal preference , but it would have been helpful if the seller had indicated the dimensions .
 I got this and immediately returned it . I did n't realize from the web description that it is made out of plastic and gives a cheap , chrome-like appearance . Because of the way it is made , the skulls come off as gaudy -- but that 's just me . I can see this mirror in one of those monster trucks -- you know , the kind you have to use a step ladder to get into .
 I would not purchase from this company again!After I requested a full refund because the item was misrepresented no size was given so when I received the gloves they were to big for my x-large husband -- They were purchased for ME -- a small Woman -- I not only did not get pre-paid return shipping they refused to return my original shipping costs so -- I ended paying more in shipping fees to and from than what the gloves cost.So I paid about 20 dollars for something I returned!Poor customer satisfaction !!!
 I have used Turtle Wax for several years . The last batch I bought now has a new scent which smells toxic . I 've written the manufacturer but they never responded . I know that smell may not seem important . However , when you are washing your car both in and out as I do , the toxic smell of the new product is a turn off . I guess it 's time to find a new wax.Any ideas would be appreciated.FC
 This stuff is like plain water . I shook the bottle for about 3 minutes , and it 's still like water . It does n't do anything to improve the shine , and it does n't have any kind of consistency that would suggest that it has any kind of wax in it . It 's a waste of money .
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 I looked all over for a decent replacement shift knob and settled on this one . None of the research I did indicated it would be a problem . On the RAZO site it says compatible with reverse ring MT systems - I got the knob as a present - went to install it and the diameter of the ring on my car is larger than the RAZO knob so I am forced to return it.Honestly - it seems to be a solid product , and it 's the only reason I gave it 2 stars . In hindsight what is the deal with the stickers included ?? I can only judge it based on the fact that the description is misleading and they should do more research to make sure if in fact the knob is compatible before putting a blanket product description on it . This is the type of thing which makes you not want to buy any products form a specific manufacturer .
 I bought this for my brother for his birthday , he has a 2001 Ford F150 & it clearly stated that this stick will fit the model , but of course it didnt & is now sitting in storage . Make sure you contact the company before you purchase this . The knob itself is really cool it looks heavy-duty but does not fit most models
 they loor really really cool , but the one broke within 3 days of having it -LRB- and i only flicked it about 4 times -RRB- not worth the money , just goto a store and buy one for cheaper .
 I was hoping for a nice all weather cover for the price paid for this item -LRB- Silverguard cover by Coverking -RRB- . However , this is nothing more than an expensive dust cover . I was a little concerned when it arrived because it was so lightweight-it consists of one layer with no soft protection for the car . Most importantly , the very first rain found my car soaked under the cover . If you are considering this cover for your car , my advice would be to save $ 100 and just go to a car parts store and by a $ 30-40 cover . I 'm very disappointed with this car cover .
 I bought two of these mirrors for my Polaris Ranger . The first time I got too close to a small branch , one side mirror broke off and is unfixable . There is no mechanism to allow thise mirror to bend out of the way . Even though they were mounted on the roll bar and the mount itslef was loose enough to rotate , the mirror was too weak to withstand even slight pressure.I will mount the remaining mirror inside instead of using it as a sideview . I am trying to find a more substantial mirror to mount as side view mirrors . Mounting this product as shown in the -LRB- current -RRB- accompanying picture is a recipe for failure unless you ride only where there is no risk of contact .
 I think the product itself is good enough ... but I received the wrong one and sent it back for a refund , less shipping , of course ... . still havent heard back from them ... waiting ...
 I ordered this for my 2012 Chevrolet Equinox LT1 and was SPECIFIC about that in my order . What I received was a cargo liner for a 2005 - 2009 Chevy Equinox !!!! The box it came in had seen better days and obviously been returned before AND the instructional booklet enclosed was for the 2011 Equinox!I did receive a prompt refund which was the only good part of this purchasing experience.Need I say more ?
 product came as promise ... I own an auto shop and we were very dissapointed with this ... It was so bad I trashed it ... A bar of soap cleans better ... do not waste your time or money . .
 I have purchased TWO of these due to the fact that 2-door Grand Am 's have such large windows , they keep breaking ! Spend the extra money and get the heavy duty metal ones . These cheap plastic supports twist and then break inside the door . It 's a pain the butt to keep fixing ! Save yourself the time and do n't bother with these .
 The part fit as described but is very slow and annoying . I would return the product but that would require me to replace the product again . Do n't waste your time and order from a different supplier .
 Sent me wrong part . Part sent was for Toyota not GM . Promised correct part would be sent immediately has been a month no contact from seller
 this regulator did n't work . The clips kept popping out and then to get my money back , I had to pay for shipping to return it . I think the company is reputable . But return policy should be better .
 The product would have been good if i would have got what i ordered . I ordered two sets of wiper blades from these guys when i went to put them on one set was two different wiper blades not even Anco blades . When i seen them i got so pissed off to put it mildly . It 's such a pain in the A __ to return them that i did n't even bother calling the seller or anything . After cooling off somewhat i put them on well they were the sh __ s. one blade left streaks and did n't clean the windshield all that great . The other worked good for a cheap wiper blade not even the grade of wiper blade that i ordered . Well I 'm not sure i even want to open and try the other set that i ordered . They are in the right package but so was the set that i opened . The other thing is that the picture on the add shows the whole blade -LRB- Arm and blade -RRB- very deceiving . All in All i would not recommend the product or the seller
 This is very misleading . It says whiper blade refill and that you get one and that it shows the metal part of the arm with it , you only get two blades per package . I am returning it because it is not what I ordered or thought I was ordering . Very disapointed .
 SUMMARY
 All three wires for the back are the same length in this set . Factory they are not on a Lucerne . The wire for cylinder 6 is about 6 inches short .
 I did not receive same product shown in picture . The LeBra fit but covered a large portion of my Hondas Front Head lights and turn signals . Also , it was missing two of the buckle hooks that help to properly fit the LaBra to my Honda.LeBra Front End Cover Pontiac Grand Prix - Vinyl , Black
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 This model ** DOES NOT ** fit my Oldsmobile Intrigue 2000 , despite the title line saying that it is for Intrigue 98-02 w/o spoiler - and I do n't have a spoiler ! It is 1 inch too long and could not be installed . I 'm returning it .
 I purchased this bulb after reading countless reviews saying it was better than the GE Nighthawk which was what I was deciding between . The bulb was significantly brighter than my stock bulb , but the angle in which the low beam is angled on my 2006 Harley Sportster makes it impossible to see farther than 15 feet in front of me at night . It was quite startled during my first night ride with it.I assume it is a very motorcycle specific problem , but nonetheless I have to find something different , again .
 Compr&eacute; estas bombillas esperando fueran tan buenas como indican en la propaganda , pero luego de instalarlas me decepcionaron , la luz que emiten es amarilla y no blanca , aparte de esto compr&eacute; 3 unidades para guardar una de repuesto , una de las bombillas abriendola de su empaque original viene con uno de los contactos da & ntilde ; ados -LRB- conector H4 -RRB- y no funcion&oacute; , gracias a esto ultimo perd&iacute; $ 22.00 m&aacute;s el costo del env&iacute;o.De estos 2 factores es que se deriva mi calificaci&oacute;n .
 This product says it fits a 1980 Jeep CJ5 , but it does not fit the 151 engine . Be careful . IT is a good product , but the web site fit calculator is wrong . Thye need to upgrade or have someone who knows what they are talking about monitor it .
 One strut worked fine , but the second strut jammed when compressed and would not extend . Seems that quality control was asleep .
 i wan na buy this but my transmission dont have the forks on 2 diff rods all 3 r on one rod please comment back so i can buy it
 I bought the spark plugs because it was a great price , but in my 84 325e bmw the the wires had a straight plug in to the distributor cap . This setup has a 45 degree elbow to go into the distibutorcap . with the radiator right there , i had some minor issues . i would not reccomend it for a model like mine .
 At first , this seems to be a great product . Finally , something tough to protect the front of my car ! The cover arrived in a previously used box , but the cover itself was brand new . It was not easy to install , but I did n't expect it to be as it must fit very tightly around all contours . Unfortunately , the separate piece for the hood was problematic . It never could get quite tight enough to prohibit the top from flapping above 65mph . Even after readjusting the straps on multiple occasions , it just would not get tight enough to avoid flapping . After two weeks on the car , some mild to warm temperature changes , and multiple tightenings -LRB- and it was installed correctly -RRB- , one of the little plastic clips just exploded into three pieces upon one more pull of a strap . So now , the hood piece is off and is likely to stay off unless I can find some metal clips that will do the same thing , only last more than a couple of weeks . Even if I replace the broken clip , it is doubtful I 'll ever get the separate hood piece to stop flapping .
 It appears to be a large hose , but when I got it , it was really small , wrong hose , does not fit .
 This is not the product you get . When I spoke with the supplier they said they 'd been unable to get Amazon to fix the photo . You get the current model which has 1 pen holder and a coin divot and 2 pockets . I really wanted this pictured version , but they gave me a full refund and told me to keep what I got . The pen hole is too tight for any of MY pens - it might hold a pencil . The back half of the top surface angles upwards and blocks my air vent so I took a bread knife to the cupholder and modified it . Not the prettiest solution but it works to hold my reading specs , etc. . For my iPhone I use a ProClip car mount .
 I ordered these Exhaust pipes and was lead to believe that they would work with a Stock Kicker ? My Bike Is A 1980 FXS Which I Recently Checked Again And It Says That They Should Fit However , Since I have Both Electric Start and Kick I seldom use the Kicker . Until recently I believe the pipes worked find until I had to use my Kicker because the Bike Had Loaded Up Thus , Causing me to clear the chamber which is where the Kicker comes in . Imagine my surprise that the Kicker did not clear lower exhaust pipe and now I have a Serious Scratch in my exhaust pipe due to their incompetence by sending me the wrong Exhaust Pipes or due their Misleading Ad . I would be Very Wary Of This Provider As The Saying Goes If It 's Too good To Be True It Probably Is .
 A 1971 MG Midget Wiper blade is about 9 inches long -LRB- 23 centimeters -RRB- Not 23.1 inches long -LRB- 58.6 centimeters -RRB-
 this product was returned because it did n't fit my corolla trim CE model.LeBra Front End Cover Toyota Corolla - Vinyl , Black
 I did not get the electrical plug with my charger all I got was the car charger :--LRB- Otherwise it works wonderful
 East Coast Photo , Liberty Photo , who ? Amazon lists it both ways . My packing slip says Liberty , so they and Amazon take the ding . It could have been returned to Amazon that way and they just `` re-gifted '' it . No way of knowing.NO paperwork at all . Inside the box this was in a used , pre-crumpled , dingy , stuffed back into the box bubble bag.HELLO . It is against the law in the USA to re-sell used electronics without notice.I have NO idea if this is working correctly -- charging , done charging , thinking about it , etc. . I bought it for my GPS and leave tomorrow , so no time to do the return/exchange thing .
 Be aware that many of the CR-V3 batteries have a small printed warning that says '' DO NOT RECHARGE '' . This is the case for my Olympus Camedia CR-V3 battery .
 Poor quality switch and 12V plug !!! . No storage provided for power cord and poor storage for air hose . This model is of inferior quality to a similar one from Interdynamics that I had used for over 8 years . I prefer the Campbell Hausfeld RP3200 which is well built and works fine .
 I purchased an entire set of Sensa-Trac shocks for my F-150 in March 2012 . One of the rear shocks is now leaking and will have to be replaced just 10 months later . The heaviest item that I have hauled in my pick-up is a sofa bed . I never overload my truck and I am rather puzzled as to why the shock is now leaking . I realize that in any mass manufacturing process errors occur , but Monroe shocks I have installed in the past have lasted far longer than I had ever thought possible . I realize that Monroe has a warranty on material failure , but it is an hassle to go through the warranty process for a simple shock . I am rather disappointed to say the least .
 It is great that instrument makers are supplying I/O ports on their equipment . However ; beware that this does not make them `` programmable '' . I attempted to contact the manufacturer for info on the output format of this device with no luck.I 'd give it a 4 star rating if that kind of information were made available.The Software does have limited capability as well . You ca n't save theCOM default settings or setups . It might be nice to have a `` toolkit '' ofsoftware available for those of us that need extra features -LRB- for a price -RRB- . You also have to defeat the 30 minute timeout which is frustrating too .
 I purchased a new front set for my Ford F150 from an online dealer . . `` AMAZON '' . . `` Lifetime Warranty '' . . my mistake . The purchase was a mistake . Within a few months of installing them -LRB- myself -RRB- one of them developed a leak . Since you can `` only '' have these replaced by an authorized Monroe dealer , who at their discrection , can decide to honor the `` LIFETIME '' warranty or not . I tried several places close to home and it left me with no place to return them . Monroe will not accept defective products if you return them directly to them . So off I went to a service shop and bought another new pair of the same shocks and had them installed -LRB- no , they would not honor the warranty on the old ones because they were bought elsewhere at -LRB- Amazon -RRB- . Within about 3 months one of the new ones again developed a leak so I took it back to the dealer who installed them ... NO Problem ... They replaced it right away . . no questions or comments . My opinion then is no more Automotive repair parts from Amazon and in the future no more Monroe shock asorbers .
 Wow I thought THULE was THE company for this type of stuff . Boy was I mad after a trip from NJ to SC . The bag was mounted to my roofrack and was a little noisy -LRB- top be expected -RRB- . But when I got to SC and opened the bag ... the horror ! The inside lining shredded and flaked off on everything ! There were also 2 holes along the to seam ! What a mess ... and I could n't use the bag on the way home ... had to ship my stuff home ! I just wrote THULE ... we 'll see if they come thru for the customerSept . 12 , 2005 THULE sent me a replacement , an Escape 2 . Great customer service ... but does this mean the Escape is better ? Is the Quest inferior ? There was no coorespondence with the repalcement ... I 'll try it out this summer .
 I purchased this bag recently as an alternative to my Thule hardshell cargo box for short weekend trips to the lake.After driving home on the first weekend of use in rain I was surprised to find at least 2 cups of water in the interior of the bag and my items completely soaked . Before the next trip I sprayed the entire bag with heavy canvas waterproofing spray . This had no effect other than to discolor the outside of the bag slightly . My contents are still soaked if I encounter rain . And I have followed the mounting instructions correctly by the way!Part of the problem with this bag is the seams are poorly sewed . If I look into the bag when it 's on my rooftop I can see the light coming in from the front corner seams . Obviously water is getting in at these seams . My next attempt will be to tape up the seams and see if that helps.Overall I ca n't recommend this bag based on the significant amount of water that accumulates inside . The manufacturers rating of water resistant is completely misleading . I did not assume that this bag would be completely dry inside when driving in rain but comeon , how useful is a bag that fills with a significant amount of water .
 We strapped it according to directions on the top of our car . It rained some and was windy one day , but not downpours . Even though we had everything inside in super strong zip locks -- everything -LRB- EVERYTHING -RRB- got soaked.I know it said it was water resistent -LRB- I think that was the word they used -RRB- but come on -- this was bad!So I returned the item and Amazon makes it so easy to return.Elaine
 I would not buy this product again - it is not weather proof , so unless you are guaranteed it is not going to rain or snow do n't get it .
 I bought this item mainly for the excellent brand name it has . The package came in , I strapped it to my roof , and filled my cargo for the Cape -LRB- I did not over fill the cargo carrier -RRB- . When I went to zip the carrier , it ripped along the entire seam ! This carrier is very flimsy - a few years ago I bought a generic one from Wal Mart and it was much better than this - I just could n't find that one in my basement ! If you 're looking to buy one of these , make sure the zip line is very sturdy - good luck .
 This carrier was smaller than i thought , cant really fit that much lugggage in it ! If you have a stroller that will fit in it , but not much room for anthing else . I recommend buying something larger
 This is a cargo bag is junk !! The first time I installed it the plastic hold down strap broke . We used it on a trip and all of our clothes got wet on the way there and we spent two days drying them . Skip this and spend more money ... I would return it is Amazon lets me .
 I got this bag for camping the description and package said weather resistant , when reading the manual -LRB- and it 's now in the description on the website , too -RRB- its states it is not waterproof . So whats the point then ? I can as well just keep my stuff on the roof with some spanners . Will replace it with a truly weather resistant bag that is actually cheaper -LRB- rightline -RRB- .
 Wow ! What a great price until you think about how much work it takes to make one of these . Simple economics will tell you how well this will work.Think before you buy . If you want a sub-par product this is for you .
 I never received product - therefore can not rate it . The cost of the item was not worth the effort to fight for my money back .
 What Does It Fit ?? What Is The Deal With Spark Plug Wires ?? Priced from $ 13.99 to over $ 100.00 Who Is the screw ball that designed the selector ?? It ask You a bunch of questions about Your car taking You from page to page then tells You It does Not fit Your car ! So then You select another more popular car that has parts that will work then It says It does Not fit Your car ! So You ask ' `` Well then what does It fit ? `` I do n't know what car do You have ? `` Universal ! `` No It does Not fit Your car ! Then some how I find a chart for one brand It only list Chevrolet and for another brand It only list Dodge . And Not only that It does Not tell how many spark plug wires are In the set and does Not show a picture of both ends of the wires to know what type of connectors It has and If It does Its probably a picture of different set of spark plug wires . If It told how many spark plug wire are In the set and what the ohm resistance Is and the type of connector It has then It would be easy to make a choice but NO Its got to be complicated so You can Not figure anything out .
 This part is not even Original Equipment Manufacturer -LRB- OEM -RRB- but is priced 63 % higher than even the dealership price !! Someone is trying to rip somebody off is all I can say . This part is available at NAPA/O ` Reilly as low as $ 24 and on Ebay for less than $ 20 !!
 My car was stolen with device engaged . It was stolen while my wife and I were both at home . We did not hear a single thing . Their ` guarantee ' by the way is a complete farse . Wow , they 'll cover the deductable ... but only on a comprehensive coverage policy . If you are wanting to keep your car safe , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 The AutoLock PRO did not prevent my vehicle from being stolen ! Although the product was properly installed , the product failed to perform as advertised . Worse yet , when I informed Unbreakable Corp. -LRB- mfg. of the AutoLock PRO -RRB- that my vehicle was stolen and wanted to enact the product guarantee reimbursing me for my insurance deductible , the company refused . If you will not stand by your product , why should I believe that your product works ? A product is only as good as the guarantee , and by not fulfilling the guarantee , the Unbreakable Corp. . DOES NOT stand by its product . Caveat emptor !
 A chain is only as strong as its weakest link , and the weakest link on this thing is the lock . A professional thief does n't even have to bend anything . A pro with an easily obtainable locksmith 's tool will take 5 seconds to open the device 's `` tubular lock '' -LRB- aka `` barrel lock '' -RRB- . -LRB- You 've probably seen barrel locks on those rigid u-shaped bicycle locks and on vending machines . -RRB- Hey , at least the concept is not stupid like The Club , and keeping amateurs at bay is a great thing.But I think that this device can give a false sense of security . if you really care about preventing theft you 'll also want something like an alarm with a kill switch .
 I own both the original unbreakable autolock -LRB- with the flat key -RRB- and the autolock pro -LRB- with the round key -RRB- . The original autolock never failed to open after 10 + years of use on two cars . The autolock pro failed to open after about two years of light use . This is not a key problem , because I could not open it with two original keys . I eventually wiggled the lock a lot to open it . I recommend that you stick with the original autolock if you wish to use this kind of security device .
 I had the Autolock engaged on the clutch pedal of a car with an alarm and starter disable . The next morning the Autolock was laying in the street where the car used to be . Had the Autolock been effective , it would not have been possible to push-start the car , which the thieves did.Purchase the Autolock ONLY as your weakest layer of security . A well-installed alarm , multiple kill switches , boot devices , etc. will do much more to help you keep your car .
 TECHNICAL HOTLINE IS A JOKE . I HAD ALL WEEKEND TO INSTALL BUT COULD NOT GET IN TOUCH WITH ANY TECNICAL SUPPORT . WAITED ON PHONE FOR LONG PERIODS OF TIME ONLY TO BE TOLD TO LEAVE A VOICE MAIL . NO ONE EVER RETURNED MY CALLS . WAS TOLD THAT MY CALL WOULD BE RETURNED WITHIN 24 HOURS . ITS BEEN 6 DAYS STILL NOTHING . THE INSTRUCTIONAL DVD THAT CAME WITH THIS PRODUCT WAS BROKE SO NOW I AM STUCK WAITNG ON THEM . SO I REALLY CAN NOT COMMENT ON HOW WELL THIS PRODUCT WORKS , ONLY ON HOW POORLY BULLDOG THINKS OF THEIR CUSTOMERS , THEY GOT MY MONEY NOW THEY DO NOT CARE .
 DO NOT GET THIS STARTER ... it drained 2 NEW batteries in 4 hours . again i repeat DO NOT GET THIS STARTER !!!
 I have only had these on for only 7 months and they are already rusting . You advertised them as being stainless steel . I am very disappointed .
 I must say I disappointed that this alternator failed after less than 2 years . Fortunately Bosch offers a Lifetime Warranty . Unfortunately , AutoPartsWay does not honor this warranty and I am forced to purchase a replacement then deal directly with Bosch for reimbursement . I like Bosch products , but I am really disappointed with this vendor 's warranty policy .
 these headers are the worst made product i have ever purchased , one and half years after i bought these headers i had a huge crack where where the 2 first pipes meet and the rack thats right before the butterfly almost completely falling off , it cost me about 100 dollars to fix it . thats beside all the noise it was making , and the smoke i had to breath in , before i got it fixed . just to be fair as terrible of an experience this was i do have to say that the headers coupled with the ws2 apexi exhaust did give my car 20 extra hp and this was tested on a dyno
 It sounds like a great idea , but the quality of this window shade makes it nothing but trash . Pieces brake off , and the adhesive runs all over the window ledge of the car door making it a sticky mess , but unfortunately it 's not sticky enough to hold down the shade , so it just dangles . Do n't waste your money .
 Please do n't waste your money on this item ! Especially if your car is equipped with a rear window defogger . The elements in the back windshield prevent the suction cups from sticking properly . Even worse , when the shade is installed , it is not wide enough . Seldomly does this item even block the sun from my baby 's eyes . Try `` One Step Ahead '' , they have three shades , one wide enough for the back window and two shades for the back side windows . The window shades from `` One Step Ahead '' also stay on the window .
 A better alternative , April 4 , 2002Reviewer
 I thought this was a great idea , but it does n't even shield the sun from my baby 's eyes , even when she 's in the center of the back seat -LRB- I drive a Mercury Mountaineer -RRB- . The other problem is that it 's difficult to see through the shield when you 're driving . My husband took the one off rear left window because he could n't see through the shield to look at his blindspot . I guess from that angle , it 's not easy to see through .
 We received a rolling sun shade as a baby gift , and attached it to the window in our car . At a car seat safety check up offered by our city police , we were advised to not use this . If an accident were to occur , the shield would fly off the window and the metal rods can injure your child . Use a vinyl film shade that sticks directly to the window . And it is impossible to see through the shield . Funny that window tinting is illegal , but a shield that is impossible to see through is ok ?
 I purchased this for our daughter in January . I have a Honda Civic and it barely covered the window . So I decided to turn them sideways , hoping that more of the window would be covered ; nope ! I agree with the other reviews , it is very difficult to see though these also . I purchased a set of shades that you can see through , are attatched with suction cups and were available in two sizes that are SO much better , and I only paid -LSB- money -RSB- ...
 Gage look and feels very cheap . The Plastic scale is so loose that It feels it may fell off . Red paint from digits spread over scale after first use -LRB- scale moves In/Out from housing -RRB- . Gage is OFF by 3-5 psi when compared it with Professional Grade Gage .
 These say they 're sold by Amazon but I am amazed . I 've ordered many items from Amazon before and have never had one arrive like this . I ordered two of these wiper blades for my Jeep . When they arrived , the box was crushed and halfway torn open . The plastic that the wipers came in were also already torn open and dusty/dirty looking . Inside I found that the two supposedly identical products were completely different wiper blades . They are different lengths and look different in many ways . It 's amazing that these were even shipped to a customer . Even in buying stuff on Ebay , I 've never received such crap . Hopefully I will get all of my money back . Do n't waste your time , just go to the store and get these blades .
 It looks like someone returned a part and put the wrong part in the box . My problem is I did n't find it out until I 'd had the part for over 2 months . I ordered a compressor , dryer and both A/C hoses at the same time . I received the compressor and dryer in a few days but the hoses went back order for months . I finally cancelled the order and paid to have the hoses custom made and that 's when I found out that the dryer was the wrong part . Too late to be able to return it and no way to call and explain . Technology does have it 's drawbacks .
 Actually , this would have been an awesome part and at an awesome price . However , I ordered this thing on two separate occasions -LRB- stating that it was `` available '' -RRB- and I never received the product because it was out of stock . On that note , Amazon was super fast in giving me my refund . I would have really liked to have received the product instead . Note to company ... `` remove items that are not in stock ! ''
 This crummy wiper includes 6 parts and pieces , enough to fit 8 connection configurations . the aggravation to figure this out is crazy and in the end , I really only want 1 wiper with 1 connection to fit 1 car -LRB- mine -RRB- . Despite Amazon 's `` car car confirmation '' , it did n't fit my Saab.Anco , Champion -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- this product is a miserable failure . For entertainment , also read the first review with rated with a 5-star rating and this review
 Length :
 This is the second strut I bought for my 4 runner rear door , in a month . The monroe 's did n't open the door all the way , and the strongarm would not keep it open in the cold . I called strongarm , and they said they did not work real good at temps below 35 . I wondered how my original struts that came with the car lasted 270000 mi , and never had any problems in the extreem cold . After a lot research , I found that the factory struts are 12.5 mm wide and all the aftermarket are 10 . So I check with the dealer , and they want $ 410 for a pair of struts . I found a guy in canada , that will rebuild the original struts for $ 90 for the pair with a lifetime guarantee , so I sent them there .
 The Compatibility Chart for this wiper clear stated on page 4 that it fits the 2003 Jeep Liberty . The wiper doe not correctly secure to rear window wiper arm of my 2003 Jeep Liberty . It can be secured to the arm with a zip tie but this is an unacceptable method.If you have 2003 Jeep Liberty do not buy this item expecting it to fit as stated in the compatibility chart
 I use this on the back window of my Jeep Grand Cherokee . It does not flex enough to have full contact on the window . It only has about 8 &#34; of contact . I will not purchase this again .
 The chart at the top says this item should be compatible with a 2006 Scion XB but it does n't fit , at all .
 Bought this for my Hyundai 2005 Tucson.Doesn ' t fit at all . Not even close ! I 'm not sure why they even advertise that it would.I will have to go to the dealer and shell out $ 18 for a new one.Unfortunately , I am not like the other reviewer and ca n't buy a new car instead .
 This wiper blade was an open package and missing the plastic adapters . I cant buy it locally and cost to much to return . Very disapointing .
 I 've purchased this rear view mirror and the one sent to me is not of the same shape as is shown in the picture here.It 's still an Auto-Dimming mirror from Gentex , but my great disappointment is the shape . I wanted only the shape shown in the product picture , but was disappointed TWICE by Amazon -LRB- or their agent -RRB- . Buy it if you do n't mind how the mirror looks like , so long as there 's auto dimming feature . But if you only like the particular shape that is shown , better look elsewhere .
 I bought this to go on my 1997 4Runner . Amazon said it would fit , but it absolutely does n't . You ca n't even use the cartridge from this one on the OEM blades , I ended up trashing it as the return postage is almost as much as the wiper . The only option for the 4Runner is to buy the Toyota blade or use a refill , the adapters do n't even fit properly . The wiper is also not terribly well made , and I would not buy this product again even if it did fit my 4Runner . The Bosch Icon is only a bit more money , and it is a MUCH nicer build quality .
 I have a 2004 Hyundi Santa Fe . This was pruchased for the rear window ... it is the correct size -LRB- 13 inch -RRB- when I installed it i noticed that blade was a bit closer to the window then the old , but i figured that would not matter much . After having a rain I noticed that it only cleans about a 4-5 middle section of the window where the blade is touching , not even closed to the 13 inchs that it is . The blade does not bend by itself to the window ... and my rear window has very little bevel to it . I had a standard RainX one -LRB- not the all rubber -RRB- and it worked much better but wore out.This blade was sent back as defective .
 I do a lot of highway driving here in New England , and snow , slush , & freezing rain -LRB- not to mention road salt -RRB- make seeing where you 're going tough . Unfortunately , these wiper blades seem to loose their flexability as soon as the temps drop below the mid-20 's , at which point they seem to miss wiping about half of the area they are supposed to be keeping clean . I drive a Toyota FJ Cruiser , which has one of the flattest windshields on the road , so it is not a matter of extreme curvature of the windshield - I think that the rubber covering of these blade just stiffens up way too much at what I 'd consider a &#34; normal &#34; winter temperature .
 Fits my Yaris fine -LRB- passenger side -RRB- . Worked good for a few months then started to squeak and chatter :0 -LRB- Would recommend the Bosch Clear Advantage Beam Wiper Blade .
 The Amazon Chart indicated that this wiper blade would replace my rear window blade . It did not have the required off set bracket included with the blade . I sent it back today . JMC
 I thought these IK16 Iridium plugs are supposed to last longer , especially costing as much as they do , but they did n't . I just replaced them with NGK plugs that cost $ 2.50 each and they work just as good .
 These things do not fit a 1995 Ford Ranger v6 3.0 L -LRB- and probably many other year Rangers , I 'd guess -RRB- . Amazon 's make-sure-it-fits-your-vehicle tool failed me 4 out of 5 times -LRB- one success , one failure that I recognized before making the purchase , and then three separate failures in a single batch order -RRB- . Do n't trust Amazon 's make-sure tool .
 I installed Denso Iridium IK16 on my Subaru . . The center electrode pops up ! Their theory that creates bigger flames does n't support anything . No small light bulb could enlightened a bigger room.Do you know what I mean ? Their presentation is not true.Of course bigger electrodes could create bigger spark and flames.This is piece of a junk unless they improve the size of electrodes . If you are looking for the best performer look for Bosch Iridium , their latest technology . Guaranteed , I 'm using it in my Nissan Pathfinder LE 2003 . The outcome is amazing ! Sooo good , it delivers above my expectations , secondly durability matters at all !
 Bought this Bosch plug wire set in October 2007 and put on my '98 Camry with 62K miles -LRB- along with new platinum spark plugs -RRB- . Just turned 77K miles in December 2009 and picked up a ` Random Misfire - Cylinder # 3 ' code . After troubleshooting , found that the misfiring cylinder changed upon swapping plug wires , confirming that one of these Bosch plug wires had failed . Totally unacceptable after only 2 years and less than 15,000 miles of use.Pay a few more dollars up front and get the NGK plug wires that Amazon also sells ... wish I had the first time around ... -LRB- BTW , good luck with the Bosch ` lifetime warranty ' . Just try going to the Bosch site and finding any info about how to make a warranty claim . Not worth the little scrap of paper in the box it 's printed on ! -RRB-
 I have used this product for a few weeks now and it already is starting to creep out of the cup holder and fall out periodically . The principle it is using to stay in the cup holder is sound , the problem is that they are using cheap plastic screw shafts with a plastic thumb wheel where they should just use metal parts.Still that said , it is the best thing I have found so far . It is better than the method that screws into the cigarette lighter by the same company . That worked for awhile but the torque on the lighter housing eventually broke it loose and left it spinning in the dash . This meant the stand would flip when every I hit a curve.There needs to be better products out there for this.Brian
 The rotational axis is too loose and ca n't be adjusted . The cell with the mount can fall easily with any small jerks . I had to fix this joint permanently to be able to use this . Now it works fine !
 Save your money , folks -- not only does this item not work , but it fails * exactly * after your 30 day return to Amazon is up -LRB- mine stopping working today , one day too late -RRB- . Installation was easy and idiot-proof , but I 'm going to guess this is a counterfeit part , because the originals on my Durango lasted at least 8 years whereas this one lasted 31 days . The tailgate is now as limp as ... well , you can make your own analogy up here , folks.There 's no substitute for buying authentic parts -- and trying to save money will just cost you in the long run . Run , do not walk , away from this crap .
 I do a lot of highway driving here in New England , and snow , slush , & freezing rain -LRB- not to mention road salt -RRB- make seeing where you 're going tough . Unfortunately , these wiper blades seem to loose their flexability as soon as the temps drop below the mid-20 's , at which point they seem to miss wiping about half of the area they are supposed to be keeping clean . I drive a Toyota FJ Cruiser , which has one of the flattest windshields on the road , so it is not a matter of extreme curvature of the windshield - I think that the rubber covering of these blade just stiffens up way too much at what I 'd consider a &#34; normal &#34; winter temperature .
 I 'm really not happy with this wiper . I do n't know if it 's crappy design by ANCO or crappy old rubber that 's been sitting on Amazon shelves for too long ... but this thing smears every time we use them - on both vehicles . I 'm going with another brand next time .
 I selected this wiper for my 2005 Dodge Caravan rear wiper . Amazon said this fit my van . It is the right size and the wiper would probably work for the right vehicle but it does not make contact over the whole rear window on the dodge . The rear hatch has a curved glass and both ends of the wiper does not touch the glass .
 I bought this helmet expecring to be low peofile after reading people rants n raves about how low it sits on your head so i ordered it , as i needed a dot helmet due to a recent ticket , when it arrived and placed it on it still gave me to dreeeded mushroom head !!! It sits lower now all it took was some time n shaving of the interior foam -LSB- haha -RSB- i would not recommend this to anybody whose looking for a low peofile dot helmet .
 I 'm really not happy with this wiper . I do n't know if it 's crappy design by ANCO or crappy old rubber that 's been sitting on Amazon shelves for too long ... but this thing smears every time we use them - on both vehicles . I 'm going with another brand next time .
 Purchased these from amazon on 11/30/12 . Today , 12/28 , I drove to work when it was 18 degrees . I had to turn on the windshield washer to remove salt and low and behold my `` winter wipers '' were froze and I was left with solid windshield washer on my windshield . My wipers were froze after being in the garage all nite . Beware , these are only good in the summer and freeze-up in lower temperatures .
 These wipers leave messy streaks when they 're on instead of a satisfying squeegeeing of all the water . Very disappointing . I also do n't think the winter covering is necessary unless you have a hard time shaking off your wipers when it snows -LRB- you 're already probably going to be scraping your window anyway -RRB- .
 I purchased these wipers for my car . They are so flimsy they would not hold the contour of the window -LRB- Pruis -RRB- They lasted 2 weeks before I could no longer take the streaking . Went out a bought another brand and so far so good
 We purchased our ANCO blades as our originals finally gave up on the first week of December 2012 . You know the streaking , snow not moving , leaving the obstructed view and frustration . 2 days later and $ 30 lighter the blades started exhibiting the same issues . WE had to use our ice scraper on a warm vehicle to keep our windshield clean . We had bought 2 sets 1 for our son 's truck and the other for ours . We returned the un opened ones and bought 2 sets of Michelin Winter blades . Immediantly we seen the difference and after 2 weeks everything is still good.We have heard of similar issues from other drivers . We live in Saskatchewan and our winter can be tough on equipment . This is just a heads up .
 09-19-2012 . Not delighted with this product . Perfect fit for Jeep Commanders I own . Products were new in manufacturer packaging . Buying them from amazon.com saved me time and effort . I installed them within minutes of opening the shipping containers . Ready to go within two minutes . Great service , but the end result after only 90 days of use is VERY dissappointing.1-24-2013 . Nothing I do will make these wiper blades lay flat on the windshield and this leaves uncleared mess right in the driver 's viewing area . I 'm replacing them with PIAA Super Silicone blades . I expect the PIAA will perform better in the Washinton , D.C. area . I 've used the ANCO Winter blades before without problems but these units have a serious problem in cold -LRB- below 20 Degrees F. -RRB- weather . The rubber case around the mechanism gets stiff and the blade will not stay flat against the windshield when it moves off the curved `` rest position '' of the windshield . This leaves an uncleared area in the middle of the driver 's viewing . Not a good thing . I will not use them again . We have had several warm winters in middle-Atlantic coast area so I did n't experience this issue before . The rubber case to keep the ice and snow out of the wiper mechanism is a good idea but it just does n't work . Sad .
 Does n't work real well on a 96 Ford Ranger . Poor contact with the windshield on both ends of the blades . Never had this issue with any other wiper blade on this vehicle in the last 16 years .
 Will purchased Valeo 600 or more expensive Rain-X next time like I do for my primary car . I have had these in the past without issues , so it must be a bad batch .
 I 'm really not happy with this wiper . I do n't know if it 's crappy design by ANCO or crappy old rubber that 's been sitting on Amazon shelves for too long ... but this thing smears every time we use them - on both vehicles . I 'm going with another brand next time .
 DO NOT BUY THIS !!! Horrible and useless product which had to be thrown away so I could go buy one from the local auto parts store . The one from the parts store worked like a charm . Why ? So many reasons and it 's not worth the time to detail them all so please do yourself a favor and take my word !
 The write up said it would fit on my SUV . It did n't . It seemed to be the right part with the wrong fastener to connect it with .
 If you 're buying this for a Chevrolet Blazer 4 doors 2001 LTS this one NOT FIT ... they are too short to full open the glass door . Look for another option unless you want about 50 % of the original opening space .
 I 'm really not happy with this wiper . I do n't know if it 's crappy design by ANCO or crappy old rubber that 's been sitting on Amazon shelves for too long ... but this thing smears every time we use them - on both vehicles . I 'm going with another brand next time .
 The wiper does not fit in my bmw e39 as stated so i 'm not very happy about the product . Hope they know what they say to improve the customer service experience
 Will purchased Valeo 600 or more expensive Rain-X next time like I do for my primary car . I have had these in the past without issues , so it must be a bad batch .
 I ordered one of these for each of my 2 cars . The one for the Town Car is great , but they sent me the wrong one for the second car . I contacted them and am STILL waiting to hear from the company about getting the correct one .
 I ordered one of these for each of my 2 cars . The one for the Town Car is great , but they sent me the wrong one for the second car . I contacted them and am STILL waiting to hear from the company about getting the correct one .
 Installed the wipers on my vechicle with no problem . They are not stiff enough to hold the contour of the windshield . Lasted 2 weeks before I decided to get Peak Optix . They are great .
 I heard great reviews for these as I did a lot of research . My 2 star rating only goes for the driver-side blade -LRB- 24 '' -RRB- fitting my car , a dodge intrepid ES 2001 . I bought those 3 months ago and it is streaking like mad . I am going to have to replace it as I ca n't hardly see through the streaks when it 's raining . Could be a defective blade too , I do n't know . The 22 '' blade on the passenger side seems to be holding up much better with hardly any streaking .
 although it is featured as an exact match for a Ford Escape 2003 , it does not fit.I cut and modified it in order to make it fit , it is working for now . so if you are intending to buy this for a Ford Escape Do NOT buy it.Overall quality is acceptable .
 I took Amazon 's word for it that it would work and it does not . While the Anco Blade 31-10 would fit the problem is NONE of the adapters work for the arm of my 2005 Mercury Mariner . The actual arm is too wide for any of the clips to fit . Anyone telling you that it would fit is wrong ! I defy anyone to show me how it would fit . I am not speaking of installation . There is a nice video on You Tube about the installation . Installation in terms of twisting it onto the arm is easily understood . The problem is the adpater clips make it IMPOSSIBLE to install the ANCO 31-10 . It does not have the right adapters.I want my money back and hope that Amazon does the right thing and refunds me for this . It is their fault . They have an interactive chart indicating the unit fits my car . It does not fit the car so to me AMAZON is responsible and owes me money.DO NOT BUY THIS WIPER BLADE .
 Before ordering this item I used the drop down screens that came up to check to make sure I had the correct wiper . I have a 2005 Ford Escape and the tables said this wiper would work . It does not . The opening for the car 's hook is too narrow -LRB- the car 's hook is wider . -RRB- When I could not get it to work I went to a friend who works on cars and they tried , but told me I had the wrong wiper that it was to narrow .
 The interactive option on the page specifically said this product would work for my 2005 Escape , but even with the various `` adapters , '' the hole where it would fit onto the wiper arm was not big enough . Shipping was over half the price of the blade so it was n't even worth it to return .
 I received my wiper blade , but it did not fit my car . The arm was too wide for the base.I had looked up this blade on Anco 's website and Amazon and did lots of research to make sure I got the right product . This blade was recommended for a 2007 Ford Escape XLT . I am going to have to return it.I am probably going to have to find a replacement from the Ford Dealership .
 I made sure this was listed for my vehicle , and it was
 I bought this because it said it fit a 2005 Ford Escape and it did n't fit . I had 5 people try and nope , it does n't fit . It was pretty cheap , but a waste of time !!
 I 'm not taking the wiper assembly on our 2005 Escape apart for this . It should either fit quickly and easily , or not be recommended for this kind of wiper arm at all . Takes less than 30 seconds to do both front wipers with a different brand , but no B&M stores in the area sell size 10 blades so I had to order these . Anco 's Kwik Connect system may work just fine for some brands , but not all the time and they should be aware of such issues and address them .
 although Anco says this 31-10 replaces the Ford Escape rear wiper , it wo n't fit . It comes with several adapters , but the slot in the blade cartridge wo n't fit over the end of the arm . I could n't use the rubber blade part either because the Anco part is wider than the slot in the Ford arm . I took it off to bring it with me as I search for refills -LRB- just the rubber part -RRB-
 I have a 2002 Ford Escape.This wiper is cheaply made and does not fit . Not even with the adapters.The wiper blade is not wide enough to fit on the arm.I could not even use the rubber blade as a refill since it is not made to be easily removable.I use Anco blades as well as others on my cars , and replace them all the time This one is not rightand wss a complete waste of time and money.I will go and buy something made for my car from the dealer who will stand behind it .
 I purchased one of these for use on the rear of my 2005 Ford Escape after using Amazon 's application to verify that it would fit . I was unable to install it though , because the wiper blade was too narrow to fit on the arm of my vehicle .
 2nd blade I bought from Amazon that was suppose to fit my 2005 Dodge Magnum . Well it DOES NOT FIT . I put in the make and model of my car on Amazon and it comes up as fitting . I cut it apart and made it work . I think the only blade that will fit the rear wiper on the Magnum is the one from Dodge .
 I put this on as soon as it arrived , and I am very dissatisfied with it . It does n't even work properly , it 's as if its bent or something , only wipes certain spots .
 I ordered one of these for each of my 2 cars . The one for the Town Car is great , but they sent me the wrong one for the second car . I contacted them and am STILL waiting to hear from the company about getting the correct one .
 Length :
 the length of the cover barely fit my mazda 3 from front to back bumper , however , the cover did not reach the bottom of the car . As a result , the bottom feet and a half of my car gets dusty while the top part of my car is maintained clean . My car looks like it has a beany as the car cover . Overall , the product was ok because of the price , but I would recomend the car cover company to specify the dimensions from top to bottom of the car , or provide a list of cars that the cover FULLY is able to coverthe car .
 It has a poor fit on my Nissan Sentra -LRB- big enough , just lousy fit -RRB- and you have to cut a hole for the antenna yourself . I have owned it for couple of months and noticed the dirt accumulates under the cover on the car after few days.If I leave the car uncovered , it collects only dust and pollen -LRB- CA -RRB- , which ironically looks `` cleaner '' then if I leave it under the cover . It defies its purpose , stay away for this and get cover made to fit your model . Or buy cheaper cover at Target .
 This Mid Size Cover wo n't fit my compact sized VW Golf GTI . Other than that it seems well made .
 This was n't even big enough for my two-door Honda civic ... it 's more for a mini than a compact ! Not a good fit .
 The car cover resulted to be way too big for a Mazda Miata . The material does n't seems to be waterproof . Also the cover should come with some kind of fasteners to clip it to the car and they were not included as it was promised in the product description -LRB- `` Includes non-scratch tie-down grommets , rope and handy storage bag '' -RRB- nothing was included .
 It fits from bumper to bumper ok , but it only reaches half the height of the car . I can not get it , why ?
 I have had this cover for less than 6 months and it is deteriorating . The fabric is turning to dust , In some spots the fabric has already failed completely . NOT recommended .
 The box says it should fit a Honda Fit and it does n't completely cover it . It does keep the dust off .
 FOR THE PRICE , THIS IS AN EXCELLENT BUY , HOWEVER , LIKE OTHER PRODUCTS MADE IN ASIA , BUYER BEWARE . THE FIT WAS GOOD , AS LONG AS I KEEP THE VEHICLE GARAGED . THE VEHICLE COVER IS NOT FOR VEHICLES BEING STORED OUTSIDE ... THAT WAS PLAIN TO SEE . PROBLEMS WITH THE FABRIC BEING WORN TO THE POINT THAT THERE 'S HOLES IN 2 PLACES , AND BECAUSE THE MATERIAL WAS SO THIN IN SPOTS , YOU 'D HAVE TO BE VERY CAREFUL WHEN STRETCHING THE COVER OVER THE VEHICLE . AT SOME POINT IN TIME , IT WILL HAVE TO BE PATCHED ... YA GET WHAT YA PAY FOR AND IT 'S NOT WORTH THE EXTRA $ $ $ $ TO PAY FOR SHIPPING BACK AND WAITING FOR ANOTHER ONE THAT MAY OR MAY NOT BE WORN WITH HOLES IN IT ...
 Admittedly , I chose this car cover because I was looking for something economical to use for my Toyota 4-Runner . I ordered the larger size because I was n't sure if the smaller one would work . The car cover fits about as well as a circus tent on a fence post . That was my fault for ordering the larger size.The `` front '' of the car cover is totally unmarked . So I 've never been sure how it was supposed to fit - maybe I 've been putting it on backwards , but it is impossible to tell because the fit is so lousy , anyway . Because it 's so baggy with only one place to tie it down , it blows off of my 4-Runner every time anyone walks by the house and farts.To add insult to injury , the eyelet where you can insert a rope to hold the cover on the car popped-off the second time I used it . So , now I ca n't tie it down without worrying about the fabric tearing.Bottom line
 I bought it for my one-of-a-kind custom mustang AND IT DOES N'T EVEN FIT.Mustangs are n't that large of a vehicle so what the heck
 I used this once . Just once !!! They ripped along the seams and holes when rubbed against the windshield . I spoke to the company , which was extremely helpful and apologetic . It was the first time they heard of this happening , but maybe it is the region where I am located -LRB- Northeast -RRB- , where is just is n't strong enough for out winters . Still the company was great .
 I got this because the car cover I had for my 1977 Oldsmobile Cutlass had finally given it up . I had been using that car cover for over 20 years . At first I was happy with the fit and function ; however , this did not last very long . I have only used this cover for 7 months , and it has literally disintegrated . It looks like the cover was made out of recycled paper , and has just completely come apart . I would not recommend this cover at all if you plan to keep your vehicle outside . Extremely disappointed .
 its exactly for my nissan versa hb . But not is water-repelent . I do not recommend this product unless you keep you vehicle in a garage 100 % of the time.the image does not correspond to the product .
 This vendor should have explained how hard this product is to use . Plus , the product is very over-hyped it offers little to no protection against the weather . I used the product once and never again !!
 My vehicle resides in Northern Los Angeles and is kept outdoors most of the time . I purchased the car cover in December 2011 , but did not start using it till late February , 2012 . By mid-August 2012 , the car cover had lost most of its elasticity and began to crack and tear . This product is warrantied for 5 years yet barely lasted 6 months . Making matters worse is that I bought this product from Amazon and therefore it is an extreme pain in the a -- to deal with the manufacturer . I do not recommend this product unless you keep you vehicle in a garage 100 % of the time . Very disappointing .
 I clipped the blade on the wiper arm and the rivet on it broke in half not too happy about it
 I ordered this online to replace the rear window wiper blade on my 2004 Volvo XC90 . Unfortunately , it is not the correct blade for that application and it can not be made to fit in any way . The space allowed for the connector is simply too small . The blade may be fine for other applications , but it does not work on the rear window of my 2004 Volvo XC90 .
 Despite assurance that this blade fits the windshield on the passenger side , 2002 Civic Si , the additional plastic mounting clip required to fit the blade frame to the wiper arm was incorrect so that the wiper blade could not be mounted . I 'll have to buy another blade . Interestingly , the 24 in version of the same blade did come with the appropriate plastic clip and it fit perfectly on the driver side . Zero stars . Unusable product .
 on web site it said it supports the model of my car , but after I got it , I could not install , it is missing one of the pin needed for my car model . I ened up to buy another brand .
 I bought this specific windshield wiper because I was specifically informed by Amazon that this wiper Anco 31-16 would fit my 2005 Prius rear window . It does NOT . The arm on the Prius to which it attaches is too wide for this blade . I know what you 're thinking , and nope , even if I remove the rubber blade itself from the arm , it will not thread into the arm on the Prius because the rubber blade and metal rods are too wide . Fail Amazon . Interestingly , I had n't noticed that other folks wrote the same review as I just did . Fail Me . I could have saved myself the trouble . I will be sending this blade back for a refund and ordering `` Trico 16-A Exact '' instead per another helpful reviewer .
 I purchased the product to replace a rear wiper blade on a 2005 Odyssey van , the product did not fit the van .
 NOT FOR 2004 TOYOTA SIENNA.Nextday went to AutoZone to get exact wiper blade.Anco 31 Series 3116 Wiper Blade - 16 ''
 The `` one star '' rating is due to the fact that Amazon confirms this part to fit the rear wiper assembly for a 2006 Honda Odyssey ... FALSE ! Be aware that the size is correct -LRB- 16 '' or 400mm equivalent -RRB- , however , it will not attach to the rear wiper arm.Another reviewer mentioned they forced it on -LRB- no idea how they managed that , as I tried and stopped when the plastic base was about to snap.I have two recommendations :1 -RRB- Do not rely on Amazon to tell you whether it fits your car or not .2 -RRB- Go to your local Honda dealership and pick up an OEM refill -LRB- will cost you around $ 6 and you can easily put it on yourself -RRB- .
 Hello , Everyone , the little pin in the Anco 31-16 is too small to snap into the factory REAR wiper arm on the 2005 Prius . Adapter does not help . I also tried sliding out the refill -LRB- rubber part and steel stays -RRB- . Too wide to fit into smaller original wiper blade . Amazon authorized refund without return of the new blade . Thank you , Amazon.Edited 9/29/2012 - Subsequent to the above review I purchased the Trico 16-A Exact fit blade here on Amazon . It is exactly like the factory Prius wiper blade and fits perfectly into the factory rear wiper arm . At this writing it goes for about $ 11 on Amazon . Luck .
 Amazon says this fits a 2005 Volvo XC70 rear wiper arm , but it has a completely different attachment system - so not even close . Very annoying .
 This lens cover does not fit the trucks it is advertised to . I have a '98 S-10 and this lens cover is at least 3/8 &#34; shorter than the OE lens cover . Also , the enclosed bulbs are a size too big .
 Took a chance on these since the price was right and they got good reviews here . Put them on my 98 Chevy Tracker and they chattered ... both sides . Tried to adjust the arms but the rubber is just too stiff . Took them off and purchased a pair of OEM for $ 20 .
 I 've dealt with other fluke products before and they are usually well built , sturdy and seem like quality products which somewhat justifies the high price . I was hoping this would fall into the same category since it was pretty pricey when most products do the same thing for 1/3rd the price . Unfortunately I was left extremely disappointed.My initial impressions were that the packaging was good , the documentation seemed decent but the actual micromapper was a very cheaply made plastic unit . Sure the thing seems to work well , but it could n't have cost fluke more than a few dollars to manufacture . If I shake the unit it rattles because there are loose components inside . I would also be wary of dropping this , as it will likely break immediately.This unit gets two stars because it works well and does what its supposed to . However , based on the high price and extremely low build quality I ca n't recommend this unit when I 've used others that were just as good but far cheaper .
 Poor quality &#65292; it wears out quickly . I dislike it . It just lasted limited time and I have to change to new ones . I would not buy this any more .
 I bought two blades a 26 '' & an 18 ' for my honda accord EX 2004 . I was written to be compatible but after I put them on they just do n't lie flat against my windshield . The 5 '' of the 26 '' are off & the 2-3 '' of the 18 '' blade are off . the parts that lie flat on wipe pretty good other wise it 's just annoying especially during rain ...
 I purchased these wipers based on the positive reviews ... WOW ! What a mistake !! I put them on my wife 's 2004 Toyota Camry and my 2004 Toyota Echo , and they seem to have apparently `` dried out '' while exposed to sunlight , for every time you turn on the wipers , they `` skid '' along the windshield and make a lot of noise . My wife complained to me about them ... more than once ... saying they were EXTREMELY noisy . They worked OK for a VERY short time , but it did n't take them very long to become `` dried out '' and start `` skipping along '' on the windshield , making much noise , and no longer cleaning the windshield as they were meant to do . Apparently , Anco uses VERY low quality rubber for these ... hence the low price . If I could have given them zero stars , I would have . I am 64 years of age and have had many different windshield wiper blade replacements in my life , but never with such poor results . Do n't waste your money on these !!!!
 after one month of use they streak horribly . You get what you pay for . I would not recommend . I will be purchasing a pair of Rainx wipers .
 These wipers work great for about 10 months , then streak badly . I bought these on Amazon so I looked up the date of purchace . I then looked on the Comsumer Report web site and found the same results ... 6 months to a year they start streaking . Comsumer Report also said the Rain - X Latitude wipers lasted longer . I 'll try those next .
 The wiper broke in my hands while I tried to install it . Nothing was wrong with the packaging . The plastic part that broke was either weak or broken when I removed it from the packaging .
 I purchased this blade for my Polaris UTV . The very 1st time i tried to use it with this winter storm it failed . The top part of the practice holding the blade broke , There was NO ice on the windshield because my UTV is garage kept . I simple pulled out while it was snowing lightly drove about 100 ft used it by hand because i do not have a motorized wiper system and that was thew end , Broken blade.Amazon.com is the best company in the world . They gave me a full refund which is what ANCO should had done.CUDO 's to amazon , BUT Ill never buy another ANCO product .
 In three months the wiper blade fell apart . The arms connect to each other with a plastic nub in hole . The nub wore down and the blade came apart during a rain storm -LRB- of course -RRB- . The other brands that I have used connect with a metal pin -- much more secure . ANCO uses a poor design and is a definite safety hazard .
 Amazon got this one wrong . Their database says it 's a fit so I bought them but the inserts do not have the pin necessary to lock the blade into the BMW arm ; they will slide out . Go to the Federal-Mogul -LRB- Anco -RRB- site and check their database
 Did not fit the car like Amazon claimed.These fit perfectly , were easy to put on and work well : Michelin 5019 Stealth Wiper Blade - 19 ''
 Unfortunately these are going back . They did not fit my 2005 330i BMW , which is listed as the right part .
 These wipers are garbage ! The very next day after putting them on , the driver 's side literally fell apart.I know these are economy wipers , but I expected to get a bit more out of them than 24 hours!They are made of cheap plastic pieces that are linked together haphazardly.My advice is spend a few more dollars and get the Rainx brand wipers , they are metal ... EVEN the cheapo wipers at my local auto part store are metal and better made !
 I expected the blades to be crappy based on the price
 These wiper blades are of good quality and perform well except fot the missing end on one . the upper tip is missing and the blade keeps slidind out of its place . It was incomplete whon I opened the wrapper . Thanks . Gary Hill
 Far inferior to the other wiper blades I have used . I would not recommend these to anyone , as these wiper blades appear to be of very low quality .
 While the blade assembly is easy enough to install - the blades themselves are terrible - they squeak like dying mice . I thought after 6 months it might stop after being worn in a little - but no . Bottom line , money wasted as I have to replace them - just ca n't stand the noise when it rains . Spend a little more on some better blades .
 I have no idea what 's wrong with these blades but the noise they create while just pushing water is unbearable . I 'll be returning them shortly .
 Looks nice , but after only a week it 's leaving a streak of water on the windshield . I expected good wiping action for at least a few months .
 Amazon got this one wrong . Their database says it 's a fit so I bought them but the inserts do not have the pin necessary to lock the blade into the BMW arm ; they will slide out . Go to the Federal-Mogul -LRB- Anco -RRB- site and check their database
 The rubber insert has a metal locking feature that wo n't allow it to come out . So now I have to spend more to buy a whole new wiper assembly . I 'm a mechanical engineer with 10 years experience , and this is the worst mechanical design I 've seen in a long time . Please buy a different brand to save money and time .
 Keep in mind , we 're talking wiper blades here . They clear the windshield well , no streaking . There is little squeak when they first leave the park position on my vehicle . That said , I was wiping dew at the time . I 'll update after a good gulf south downpour . I have used Anco before , they seem to be good cheap wiper blades.Update
 I bought two blades and did n't use them until 1 months later . Then I found both of them are broken after I open them !!!! Do n't buy them!http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0009IK5VW/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 This was a gift for my grandson 's first vehicle , an old well used Ford Ranger . The description &#34; front bench &#34; is n't accurate according to him . Would not fit they are made for BUCKET seats.Amazon of course took care of the problem and gets FIVE stars for their service .
 This wiper blade does not fit the driver side of my 1990 BMW 525i . will try PIAA or Valeo next . cross finger ...
 I 've used these wiper blades previously and they worked great . The most recent pair I installed , however , is horrendous . They make a terribly loud squeaking/chopping noise while barely cleaning the windshield . I think I must 've got a bad set since the rubber part on both blades is much harder than it should be . Oh well , time to go buy some Bosch Micro Edges ...
 I installed this to replace the old one . It wipes clean , but in both ends of the movement , there are uncomfortable scratching noise . Feel not good .
 These did not fit my 2004 Honda Civic like Amazon said they would.These did , went on easily and work well : Michelin 5021 Stealth Wiper Blade - 21 ''
 Horrible product , this wiper literally fell apart after only 8 weeks of use . I would not buy this wiper brand again .
 Even though I used the tool on amazon these did not fit on my a4 . This was a fail on amazons part . I am not sure how good the product is as it does not fit my car
 I 've tried these blades on a couple different vehicles and they never last more than a month . The only reason I kept trying them is because I thought they might work on a different vehicle but the result was still the same . After very little use they just stutter and skip , my oem wipers lasted me around 4 years , Anco about a week .
 I purchased these wiper blades based on Consumer Reports ' assessment as well as the positive feedback from Amazon reviewers . Unfortunately my experience was different.These blades are the worst I 've ever had on a car . I currently own a Lexus GX 470 and wanted to purchase new wiper blades to prepare for the rainy season . I purchased the 21 '' and 22 '' blades -LRB- passenger and driver side -RRB- a little over a month ago and installed them last week.These wiper blades will drive you nuts ! They stutter and skip badly . I tried cleaning my windshield really good and cleaned the blades with alcohol , to no avail.I ended up reinstalling the older blades which I purchased from Target , and now I have my sanity back.Since I 've had them for over a month , it would have cost me more to return them to Amazon than what I actually paid for them ... So threw them in the garbage!I might have had a bad batch , but my advice to you , just choose another brand .
 I relied on the Amazon 's recommendation engine to find the right size for my BMW 323i . It turns out the driver side recommended blade is 2 '' shorter than the OEM blades . They still work , however , but I am sure a portion of my windshield is now missing coverage . Ca n't comment on the actual functionality of the product yet , as we only had one storm so far.Update
 Put the new Cap and Rotor kit in , immediately broke !! Was installed by a professional mechanic , ended up having to run out to Pep Boys later that night to replace it yet again ! Still waiting on this company to refund the money back to my credit card !!
 The 4060882 GatorBack belt does NOT fit the 2003 Taurus , 3.0 L engine , too long . Squealing was terrible . The Amazon web site assurred me it would fit . Had to buy a new belt in town right away as I damaged the old . The belt that fits is 4060855 . The belt is a great belt , the info was in error .
 I purchased this belt and waited to long to install it when I did I learn that this is for the non a/c model , at the time it was not described that way , twice amazon got me but I am still loyal to amazon .
 Quality looked good and I read some great reviews before buying . I just wish it fit my truck . It said it did so imagine my surprise . It was about an inch larger than the stock belt and made the worst shreaking noise I have ever heard . I ended up going to NAPA and getting one that fits .
 This belt does not fit 2002 Ford F350 V10 6.8 L , although they claim it does.It is too short . About 1/2 '' too short . Could not get it on with automatic tensioner fully backed up . It was a little short to go over alternator pulley.Luckily , old belt was still in good condition .
 These wires look great , but these were NOT for a Chevrolet Cavalier with a 2.2 . WAY to long and there were 5 wires instead of 4 ... The shortest wire was actually double in length of the OEM wire . These were supposed to be an exact custom fit set . Yeah right ! I see the price went up too . Good luck , I hope you get the right wire set . I bought them locally . Paid less for the right wires , too .
 Well , for one reason or another , I did not try to return the heater core . I bought it for a 1989 D250 with AC ; I paid forty-two bucks for it -LRB- a great deal -RRB- . When I mounted the new core , the in/outlets were about an inch too high and an inch too far towards the passenger side . I ended up making modifications to the new core , the OEM shock foam mounting , the heater box , and the firewall . It was not pretty . My installation is clearly not as shock-protected as OEM and I wonder about the life of the new core.I should have returned the core to see if the replacement was a better fit . This could be a one-item problem .
 The wipers are so stiff they skip and bounce across the glass . The result is an unbearable noise -LRB- like fingernails on a chalkboard -RRB- and streaks . I thought they might loosen up with some use , but am now convinced they 're garbage.The 5-year old wipers I replaced worked better than these .
 I bought this blade and two others for a 2005 Honda Civic SI . Out of 3 packages , only 1 had a plastic adapter that would actually work with the 9 x 3 J hook style wiper arm . It 's as if the they simply tossed something else in the package when they ran out of the right one . I went to the Honda dealer and now have factory blades once again . They sell refill rubber for the factory blade that is less than the cost of this blade .
 I ordered a pair of wipers . One was fine . The other came with missing parts , which made it impossible to install . Contacted the seller , who asked me to contact the manufacturer to return and get a replacement . This is too much hassle for a $ 5 part . Most other decent vendors will simply send another non-defect one.Not satisfied with the service , and will not buy from this vendor any more .
 I made the mistake of going to Amazon for wiper blades to save a few bucks . My blades were pretty bad , but I figured I could wait a couple of days.Mistake . The blades were put in a long , thin box with zero protection inside , and arrived damaged . One was completely broken in half.So , my options are -LRB- 1 -RRB- return the item , including repackaging and making a trip to the post office , or -LRB- 2 -RRB- eating the $ $ and learning a lesson in trusting Amazon 's packing quality . Probably makes sense to do the latter . But if you are thinking about buying wiper blades from Amazon , take a pass and drive down to your local auto parts store instead .
 I received this product broken . Requested reshipment and received it broken again at the same spot . The box is damaged at the same spot again , one end open again . Amazon policy is to stop here and to refund , which is fine . I have to buy it locally . This is more likely due to shipping process than the weakness of the product . Looks like the package shape makes it not machinable . The sorting machine or other machines in UPS ' mechanical shipping process impacts the package at fixed spot of the package , causing the package to disintegrate and the product to break . The product is made of plastic or the like , not as strong as your manufacture 's genuine part -LRB- metal -RRB- . I think Amazon needs to fix their shipping problems with UPS on slender packages . Giving it two stars is a little unfair for the product since it deserves 3 stars for quality and 5 stars for performance-price ratio , but 1 or 2 stars reflect the overall customer experience including shipping . Amazon should accept a picture of the broken product instead of requiring us to return -LRB- although Amazon pays for the return -RRB- . It is very hard and messy to reach a human CS rep over the email to talk about it and I have to spend a trip to USPS office .
 I replaced all the wipers on my 2008 Chevy Equinox . The driver 's side came apart at one of the flex connections after a months use . I pushed it back together but it has play . The wiper rubber/metal sides inside the blades are smaller than they should be .
 I bought these wiper blades after reading a Consumer Report review , thinking that it 's not necessary to pay a lot to get good blades . Well , they are not expensive but not very good either . Even brand new , they leave stripes on the windshield . On top of that they make a lot of noise when the blade changes direction . Last week Hyundai sent me a coupon for free wiper blades with any paid service at the dealership . It was time for my 15000 miles service . So I went and they put brand new Hyundai blades on the car
 I purchased these wipers based on the positive reviews ... WOW ! What a mistake !! I put them on my wife 's 2004 Toyota Camry and my 2004 Toyota Echo , and they seem to have apparently `` dried out '' while exposed to sunlight , for every time you turn on the wipers , they `` skid '' along the windshield and make a lot of noise . My wife complained to me about them ... more than once ... saying they were EXTREMELY noisy . They worked OK for a VERY short time , but it did n't take them very long to become `` dried out '' and start `` skipping along '' on the windshield , making much noise , and no longer cleaning the windshield as they were meant to do . Apparently , Anco uses VERY low quality rubber for these ... hence the low price . If I could have given them zero stars , I would have . I am 64 years of age and have had many different windshield wiper blade replacements in my life , but never with such poor results . Do n't waste your money on these !!!!
 I replace my wiper blades every fall -LRB- so I know how to do it -RRB- . This cheaply made blade broke during installation - and yes , I was very gentle so it was not being forced on to the wiper blade arm . Spend a little extra money and get a better blade -LRB- such as a Bosch -RRB- - what you spend on price you 'll save in lost time and frustration .
 Do n't really like the design ... wipes windshield in middle pretty good but misses the lower 3 inches on both sides -LRB- total of 6 inches -RRB- where the windshield curves . Factory wiper is much better designed and wipes entire windshield .
 This Mini Cooper mat did n't fit . It was way too small , and the vent holes were mostly covered . It was poorly constructed and very flimsy . A complete waste of my time and patience .
 4442 is for a hard top hatchback , get 4609 if you want the part for the convertible trunk .
 Part FC212 , Oil Filler Cap Assembly on a GM parts website specifies this includes the cap and oil fill tube . Granted , there was no such detail to the description on Amazon . It simply said AC Delco FC212 Oil Filler Cap Assembly.So to answer my own question , 1 item becomes an assembly when you expect the same part number on two sites to mean the same thing !
 This belt did not fit my car and caused me lot of problems and expense to get a replacement while on the road . And since I was on an extended road trip , I did not have the chance to return within Amazon 's required period , which even cost me more to return it . I will not be ordering any more auto parts from Amazon .
 Anco used to be the gold standard for wiper blades . I bought these a while back , put them on my Highlander - lasted one week . Not going to buy this online again .
 I put these on my 2001 Lexus IS300 and they were horrible right out of the box . They chatter like crazy and leave streaks all over my window . They were so bad that I thought they were on backwards . After flipping them around I had the same issue . I can not recommend theses for an IS300 .
 These wipers are garbage ! The very next day after putting them on , the driver 's side literally fell apart.I know these are economy wipers , but I expected to get a bit more out of them than 24 hours!They are made of cheap plastic pieces that are linked together haphazardly.My advice is spend a few more dollars and get the Rainx brand wipers , they are metal ... EVEN the cheapo wipers at my local auto part store are metal and better made !
 I bought anco wipers for my nissan sentra . It worked ok for couple of months and now it chatters a lot . It even does not clean the windshield .
 Very poor product , noisy in use and bounce along , a waste of money.I know why they are so cheap , GARBAGE !!!
 Very disappointed in these wipers . The rubber stripping fell off and was scratching my windshield after 6 months of light usage . I live in Northern California , so it was rarely used all summer and fall . As soon as I start to use it , it fell apart . Junk !
 the windshield wipers did not work.my mechanic said they were inferior and installed another brand.he threw away old wipers anco that i purchase from amazon , so iwas unable to return for credit.one of your employee 's said they would credit my acct . for20 .00 but did not do so . leonard ranta
 Seemed straight forward to order this , but there was simply no way to attach this wiper blade to my 2007 Chevrolet Tahoe . There was a plastic adapter piece needed and not included . I should have simply gone to the auto parts store and gotten the blades and I would have saved a lot of time . Now I have to go anyhow and I have to do the return hassle . Amazon does not know how to accurately tell you which wiper blades fit which cars .
 I purchased these wipers based on the positive reviews ... WOW ! What a mistake !! I put them on my wife 's 2004 Toyota Camry and my 2004 Toyota Echo , and they seem to have apparently `` dried out '' while exposed to sunlight , for every time you turn on the wipers , they `` skid '' along the windshield and make a lot of noise . My wife complained to me about them ... more than once ... saying they were EXTREMELY noisy . They worked OK for a VERY short time , but it did n't take them very long to become `` dried out '' and start `` skipping along '' on the windshield , making much noise , and no longer cleaning the windshield as they were meant to do . Apparently , Anco uses VERY low quality rubber for these ... hence the low price . If I could have given them zero stars , I would have . I am 64 years of age and have had many different windshield wiper blade replacements in my life , but never with such poor results . Do n't waste your money on these !!!!
 I bought this wiper and a Ford Motorcraft wiper at the same time for a comparison on my two cars . The Anco wipers are not worth the cheap price they charge you , they are very poor out of the box . The old wipers I replaced did a better job and they were separating . These wipers streak the windshield and are noisy as soon as you put them on . Not worth the time it takes to swap them and maybe you might do better with used wipers . The Motorcraft wipers I bought as a comparison are smooth like butter with a very clean windshield as a result . Not sure what consumers reports was evaluating but this wiper was poor for both the passenger and the drivers side . Not sure I have ever bought a wiper that was worse.Be warned
 this wiper is not even worth looking at . The wiper is made of plastic which breaks extremely fast and does a terrible job wiping the windshield . if you are looking for a good wiper , buy the Bosch ICON . those are by far the best out there .
 Did n't fit well on my Accord -- wiper frame was too wide , which caused it to bump up against the wiper arm and not press down fully . Inexpensive , but not a good deal if it does n't work right .
 Amazon got this one wrong . Their database says it 's a fit so I bought them but the inserts do not have the pin necessary to lock the blade into the BMW arm ; they will slide out . Go to the Federal-Mogul -LRB- Anco -RRB- site and check their database
 This wiper broke while driving down the highway and almost broke my windshield out . I have never had this to happen to me before and this could have hurt someone .
 Bought a pair of replacement wiper blades for my pickup truck and the first time it rained after installation , one of the blade retainers separated from the wiper blade itself . It did n't come off but slipped out of position and was scraping across my windshield . I could have lost the entire blade refill but I stopped and snapped it back into place and all seemed OK . Unfortunately , the same thing has happened to the same blade twice more since . Anco refuses to accept any responsibility for the failure or even show any interest in investigating what is obviously a manufacturing defect . I offered to send the failed blade to them but they declined . I 'm done with them after 40 years of driving . I will choose a different brand from now on .
 It is very difficult to package these wipers , they are too sensitive to withstand any problems , they were broken in several places by the shippers squeezing the box .
 Was not the right blade as stated.I double checked the vehicle application twice and it was still wrong when received.Hassel free returns.Thank you ,
 Anco 31 Series 3122 Wiper Blade - 22 `` I used this for my Kia Optima 2004 model and its great . The earlier wipers made noises like nails on a chalkboard . But this is totally streak free , very quiet and is easy to install . Actually , its more like push it into place , rather than install ! And what 's more I got two wipers for about -LSB- ... -RSB- . Highly recommended by someone who has had a hard time with bad wipers ! Thanks ... Update 07/02/2010These wiper blades are finished . I am ordering a replacement . They are very short lived ! Not recommended !
 Already have issues with these wipers after 2 months of use . I only purchased these since there was a rebate at the time - will NOT purchase these again . They are loud since first use . And now there are streaks - doesnt wipe away all water from windshield . I use rainx frenquently .
 I will never buy this product from amazon again . The blades I received had already been opened -LRB- and amazon indicated they were new in the box -RRB- and the 22 '' blade is bent , meaning it does not wipe the whole surface area as intended . I already had thrown out the box or would have returned the item .
 They fail to mention in the description that this film is only 6 inches wide . So to do a rear window it requires 4 or 5 strips . The instructions tell you to overlap the strips and that leaves several dark stripes across your window . It looks terrible ! I ended up throwing this away and buying a kit with a 24 '' wide film that worked perfectly . Do NOT buy this one .
 I have a 2004 Astro -LRB- 4.3 v-6 -RRB- and no matter how hard I tried the belt would not load . It 's just to short , went to local auto and bought a gates , went on no problem.The only good thing was amazon 's return policy !
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 This product failed me . It was n't warm enough fast enough for 10F weather in a camper . I bought it for low power consumption , but a smarter idea would have been to buy one with adjustable heat setting which I could have turned down . THis one has no adjustability so either leave it on or unplug it ... but no matter what you do it will never keep you warm in extreme cold and is n't large enough for a single person . It 's smaller than it seems when you factor in that it has to wrap around the body in a 3D fashion and that takes a lot more than the width of your body .
 I bought the electric blanket for my husband because he is an over the road truck driver . He had one he had bought at a truck stop but it was getting worn out . The blanket worked for 2 weeks . He just informed me that it quit working - there is no heat at all coming from it . I am very disappointed .
 It 's little more like for throwing on the back of your seat to sit on rather then to curl up in . It barley works . It takes forever for it to heat up . I 'm not really happy about this because I could have got a bigger one for cheaper at my local store and a better quality .
 I bought this for my 93 RX-7 since my stock shocks are defective and have been since I got my RX-7 . The only good thing about these shocks is the price and the shocks work . The bad thing is the equipment that comes with these shocks does not . The Shocks come in two parts , the shock and the mount that screw into the factory shock holes . It 's all held together by a cheap E-clip ; first off the E-clip is the same size as the special bolt it goes over so it 's hard to push on . I actually lost the first one because it 's so hard to fit on . A few weeks after I got the shocks installed the one shock with the E-clip popped out , I am pretty sure I had it installed correctly so this leads me to think this E-clip idea is a really bad idea . The only other minor problem is the mount is not exactly bent to fix the RX-7 like it claims to be , resulting in the mount and shock rubbing up against each other and slightly damaging each other.I got these shocks installed only after going to Homedepot a few times and spending about five dollars for some bolts , the bolts rub up against the inside of my RX-7 and probably is scratching it slightly , but it works and has worked for me for weeks.In the end you get what you pay for , this is an OK product it does work but you need to get some real bolts and not relay on the parts that come with the shock . Why they did n't make this a one piece product is beyond me or it should have come with some sort of rounded screw and not this E-clip that simply does not work .
 They fail to mention in the description that this film is only 6 inches wide . So to do a rear window it requires 4 or 5 strips . The instructions tell you to overlap the strips and that leaves several dark stripes across your window . It looks terrible ! I ended up throwing this away and buying a kit with a 24 '' wide film that worked perfectly . Do NOT buy this one .
 I purchased these to replace the old wiper arms on my classic car . When I opened the package I was amazed at what a cheap looking piece of junk they were . I thought they would be a brushed stainless steel finish like every other wiper arm I have seen . These look like they were sprayed with an aluminum colored paint . These were so cheap looking that I threw them in the trash and put the old ones back on which , by the way , were old but twice as good looking as these new pieces of junk . DO NOT PURCHASE THESE , you will definitely be disappointed to say the least !
 This is a poor product . The adjusting lock of the arm is weak and will move under normal operating pressure . Do not buy this product !!!!!!!!
 I 've purchased a custom fit FIA bug screen in the past and was very happy with it . It was well made of quality materials . I ordered the FIA universal bug screen because I wanted some of the same screen mesh that my old one had . When I got it , all it consisted of was cheap fiberglass sreening , some crimped-on grommets , some small hooks and cord that could be found in any hardware store . I was expecting something a little better from FIA , not the hardware store junk I got .
 I purchased this generator and was very disappointed . The housing surrounding the pull cord is made of extremely cheap plastic that will break after a few pulls , and cause the cord to tangle . It is nothing but a headache . The motor mount where the engine attaches to the cage is also made of low quality steel that will also break on you . In general it is crap . Pay a little bit more and buy one that will not provide frustration .
 I bought the 1500 watt generator at Fleet Farm for around $ 200 . It was a struggle to get it started the from the day I purchased it . Out of the 6 times I have tried to use it I was able to start it 3 times . Many pulls , replacing the spark plug , checking the gap , etc. . Never know if it is going to work and of course the frustrating part is you typically have plans when you use the generator and it can ruin your whole evening as you sit in the dark wishing you bought a better generator.I would not recommend this generator .
 Over the years buying products , I rarely take the time to write a review , but this ones got me upset . My Champion 1500watt gen died after 3-grueling years of hard core service , chain saws , golf cart chargers at the sand dunes every month , even running the 26ft RV recharging its batteries . I wanted to buy the exact one to replace it but none around town , so I needed one in a hurry for our trip next week , and ordered this `` 2000watt surge , 1500watt generator called the Sportsman '' because Amazon had 2-day shippingGuess what shows up . Its marked 2000 watt surge and 1500 watts but its only a 80cc 2.4 hp engine not the 87cc required to produce 2000 watt . Shame on me not seeing this in the ad but I assumed ratings and specs are meant to be valid.So here is the results , at absolute maximum , maintaining a 110 volt minimum is 1235watts . It is not the 1500 watt running watts as advertized . It has a 2.4 hp engine not 2.8 hp . It is only 1500 watts surge and 1200watts running . The worst thing about this Sportsman is NO SPARK ARRESTER ! Oregon state parks -LRB- and many other RV parks around the country -RRB- require a spark arresters . Selling a `` Sportmans generator '' and implying its for the outdoors and missing a spark arrester is misleading they need to fix that foo-bar . No low oil shutdown , how many of us sit at the camp , genny running and remember `` when did I last check the oil ? '' . The Champion generator has low oil shutdown , this one did n't . No oil fill outside the engine , this Sportsman only has one oil fill , UNDER the electrical panel . Not easy to get to . The Champion had them on both sides.No Voltmeter , most all other $ 200 genny 's have a meter.So in my opinion , want a cheep generator ? Buy this one . Want one you can use in a state park , be able to protect the engine on low oil , be able to fill it from both sides , and have the power to actually meet spec ? Then better to spend the extra $ 50 and buy a real generator . 26 years in Engineering and I did n't follow my own rules , read the specs . I plan on leaving this one unchained in the back of the truck with the tail gate down in the Wallmart parking lot and hope someone steals it.A closing comment , I love Amazon and all it stands for , order tons of stuff through them every year , this is obviously not an Amazon issue and I give them 5 star for getting it to me in the 2 days they said they would . However , `` Sportsman '' gen set guy , please print real numbers so we do NOT spend hard earned money on what we do n't want.Tony , GP Oregon
 Do not buy ! Do not waste your money . Numeruous Problem found no support , zero . Amazon does not allow returns on this product . Lost money . Shame amazon.com .
 Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this . I had mine run for about 30 minutes . Then it just bogged down . Would n't start again till morning . Ran 5 minutes and stalled . Tried to restart the pull cord housing exploded . Tried to Jerry rig it , no longer possible to function . Worst money I have ever spent .
 this gen ran for 2 days then I herd a clanking noise . in short the bolts fell out and destroyed the -LRB- ? -RRB- - armature.The motor ran great but there was no stuff on threds to hold the bolts from loosening.It did power a AC and pc - and small heat element for a trailer-that was all . I recently got a powerhorse 2200 and I often dont shut it off for days at a time.I want a spare but need free shipping so dwcided on trying the-DuroStar DS4000S 4,000 Watt 7.0 HP OHV 4-Cycle Gas Powered Portable Generator - the cost is 300 but the engine is 7hp and the wats are 4000 . That seams unbelievable-AGAIN - but I hope this will work out good.if u can get a gen get it . in worst case run it off natural gass . I do.U dont need the 300 dollar kit -- I just run a hose to a ball valve then into the carb . I start it on gasoline then shut off the gasoline valve then adjust the ball valve so it keeps running . When there is a surge , it runs slow , I then turn on choke and leave it on-let it run like that -- -LRB- cheep free gas in WV . -RRB- and it runs a bit slower but has done great so far.but this is definitly junk - I took it apart after and it is obvious .
 I got this for camping , when new it powered my a/c , microwave , tv , everything , but within a very short time it would not power the a/c or microwave -LRB- 700 watts -RRB- it is very noisy , i liked the portability-weight-size , but its power capability is just to small , it is to obtrusive -LRB- noise wise -RRB- for any type of camping , and is better suited to operate at a work site where you only need a small drill or grinder , it is not enough to operate a worm drive skill saw , i have tested the output and it is only 9amps . @ 115volts . i wished i would have put the cost of this unit towards one of the more expensive sine wave inverter generators to start with . i now have a kipor ig 3000 watt and it is an excellant unit well worth the money , because i can actualy use it with great satisfaction , instead of store it with great dissipointment .
 I have found numerous bolts loose all over the generator . On the gas cap there was a large printed piece of tape saying to use 10-30 oil . If someone did n't know where to put gas and oil they could dump the oil in the gas tank . Then there is the instruction booklet which says to use SA or SE oil leaving out the 10-30 weight which is confusing . I now have to check under the engine as I have an oil leak . It could be a loose bolt . I hope so .
 I got this thing as an insurance policy to run my refrigerator in the event of an extended power outage . With several hundred dollars worth of food at risk , I figure it could pay for itself one day , maybe . I do n't think I will be using it much other than running a hedge trimmer in the back yard , 100 feet away from the house.I have run it with a small load and without a load . The engine will run steady for about 20 seconds then rev up and down for 20 seconds . It leaks oil . It does n't start real easy . Everything about it looks cheap , cheap , cheap . I got what I paid for.It does not inspire a lot of confidence . If you plan on using it a lot , do yourself a favor and buy a quality device . I ca n't see this thing holding up under continuous use for any length of time .
 I was just over trying to work on a friends generator for him , and I have to say , this is a piece of crap . It has only a mechanical governor for voltage control , and that does n't work well at all . You have surging problems . There are basically 2 adjustments you can make to control engine speed -LRB- thus voltage output -RRB- . You can adjust the idles screw , and you can adjust the spring tension on the governor . Ideally , you would adjust the idle screw under no load conditions -LRB- nothing plugged in -RRB- to 120 volts , and then adjust the governor tension accordingly . However , it is almost impossible even to get a consistant voltage at idle , using a DMM to varify . 104 volts , 114 volts , 130 volts , 90 volts . Once you SORT OF get past that , you have a condition that when a load is applied , you get to large of surge from the governor , which gives you a huge rev , and then a stall out , a huge rev , and a stall out . It just will sit there and cycle like that , and never recover . It is quite irritating . If you ease way up on the governor tension , you get a dip or `` brown out '' in voltage when a load suddenly comes on -LRB- like a fridge -RRB- . I understand that there should be a throttle adjustment period , and then it should even out , but it never evens out , the engine just keeps surging . At one point , I had it adjusted much better , and then we shut it off for a minute , and when we started it back up , it did the same thing again . Plus , a vacum is created in the fuel tank when it runs , which also dogs down the motor . You also have an air fuel mixture screw that you can adjust , but that does n't help either . I WOULD PASS ON THIS ONE , AND SPEND JUST A LITTLE MORE , AND GET ONE OF THE YELLOW CHAMPION POWER EQUIPMENT 3000 TO 4000 WATT MODELS . That is what I have , and it is rock solid.UPDATE AS OF SEPT 3RD , 2011 : after spending an afternoon making modifications to the unit , I was able to get to run much better . It does n't cycle , surge or , hunt for the appropriate RPM anymore . To see what I did , and learn a little about this generator , and generators in general , go to youtube , and type in themarkfellows2.Good luck!Mark : -RRB-
 I 'd prefer ZERO stars . I 'm ready to toss mine out . Ran poorly for a weekend trying to keep my sump pump going during hurricane Irene , but frequently stalled , and required regular manual control of the trottle . Pull cord sheared off . Spark plug wire and shield are cracked . UTTERLY unreliable and tempermental . Now it does n't start . Scrap , after 2 weeks and perhaps 10 hours of service .
 DO N'T BUY THIS , STAY AWAY !!!! It is the shoddiest piece of ... . I have ever seen . You will find out once you put oil in it , it will leak out . The company that makes it should not be in business , if you buy it you 're a sucker , like I was .
 This generator worked really well for the first few uses . It is now less than six months old and now starts like a mule . You fiddle with the carb to keep it from leaking . Be sure to turn of the fuel supply , if you do n't gas will be everywhere.The power this generator provides is usable for electronics , lot of RFI.Luckly somebody stole this one , and I re-purchased the `` H '' machine and man what a difference.Please note that Amazon service was absolutely great and still continue to do business with them !!
 I ordered this due to a storm -LRB- Hurricane Sandy -RRB- It arrived Saturday afternoon , prior to the storm and all looked good . Today -LRB- Sunday , storm hits tomorrow -RRB- I got the generator out and filled it with oil and gas and tried to start it . It would not start . I check the fuel line , the on \ off switch , and nothing works . I inspect the engine and find that the spark plug wire is broken . the part that attaches to the plug is in pieces and there is no way of attaching it . Now I have to figure a way of making this work during the storm and since it is an off name Chinese engine I do n't even know where to get parts for it -LRB- not that I should have to get parts , but contacting the manufacturer will not help start this thing before the storm hits . -RRB-
 Have n't put generator into service yet since the manufacturer would n't honor the fact that the bolt holding one corner of the gas tank vibrated off in shipping ; contacted the factory for the rubber shock absorber that was missing to no avail . Not much consideration for a simple simple rubber washer that could have been sent in an evelope .
 Bought it in 2008 after the ice storm , and opened the box a couple months ago during the hurricane ... Worked great during the hurricane outage , but dies in the recent snowstorm outage . Customer support did not return calls , but if you call -LRB-636-RRB-532-9888 you can ask to hold for the next rep. and the replacement part was $ 28 after shipping.I broke down and purchased a real generator from B&S ; and am glad for the purchase , and got schooled by the repair staff about ` catalog generators ' ... The truth is , you should purchase a bigger , name brand generator such as B&S ; or Toro since most local repair shops can get parts for them.Basically , I bought the cheapest 4-stroke generator I could find , and I got a cheap generator which I will use only as a loaner , never for myself .
 I purchased this generator like a lot of people would , it seemed to be the biggest bang for your buck . What I found out quickly , however , was that this generator was plauged with problems . I had had it a couple months when the fuel line started to leak , but that was no big deal . I 've constantly had carburetor problems . I have to run it with the choke more than half on or it lopes badly , so badly it often dies . Went to use it yesterday and it ran okay . Tonight no start . Who knows about tomorrow.Spend a little extra money and get a generator that will actually run .
 I needed a Generator befor going hunting , so I decided to go with this one . The first one I revieved would not run so I disposed of it and they sent me a new one free of charge . When I recieved the new one , it had two broken motor mounts fresh out of the box which I noticed on the first one as I was disposing it . I leave in two days to go hunting and still dont have a generator . Dont buy gas powered equipment from amazon you can not return it if it does not work .
 So I was hopeful for this thing , but it has proven very difficult to start . Poor directions . After about 50 pulls the first time it finally started . Then it ran just fine , lasted a good 5-6 hours running a tv and dvd player . However , once it ran out of gas it took about 20-30 pulls again to start . I thought it might be just that it was empty and needed to be primed , but there 's no primer . So after it ran for another 2 hours I turned it off to try and restart it . Same problem , 20-30 pulls later it started again . My shoulder was terribly sore after the weekend and since I was ice fishing in 0 degree weather , it was awefully inconvenient .
 this generator does not even have enough 12volt power to charge a radio control battery , and you have to raise the rpm 's so high that you ca n't here over the noise.i am very unhappy !
 I picked this fellow up for $ 200 at a local Tractor Supply . I was n't expecting a high-quality product for that price , nor was I expecting a generator that would handle a large load . What I was hoping for was a generator I could break-in carefully and use to power lights , a fan , and just maybe a small refrigerator through a handful of storms . I had read other reviews and saw many concerns about oil leaks and the overall quality of the engine . Honestly , I assumed that many of those reports were from people who had n't broken-in the engine properly , used the wrong oil , overfilled it , etc. . Sure , there might be legitimate issues with the engine , but I rationalized that the chances of failure were probably fairly low and that I could slather Permatex or something over a leaky seal or fitting if it saved me $ 200 over a comparable quality model . Even in the worst case , I could pick up a replacement engine at Harbor Freight for $ 100 any time or as low as $ 75 on sale.I got the unit home and did a staged break-in , running the unit with an increasing load every 20 minutes until I reached the rated 1500 watts at about two hours of run time . Everything worked splendidly and I dropped a small amount of fuel stabilizer in the tank before shutting it off , changing the oil , and putting it on the shelf . -LRB- It 's actually small enough to store it that way , at least with a large shelf . -RRB- Fast forward about four months to April 27th and the second-worst tornado disaster in US history . I live in a suburb of Birmingham and my family and our homes are ok but multiple EF4 and EF5 tornados have carved half mile wide paths of destruction through thousands of other homes , businesses , and of course , the area 's power infrastructure . As you might imagine , I was happy to have this `` jewel '' on-hand to preserve some food and provide some level of comfort while we waited days to get power back . The first 8 hours or so were great . It started on the second pull and had no issue starting the compressor in my small refrigerator , running a couple of lights and a fan . It maintained a voltage consistently between 110-120V , depending on the load . In its 9th hour of actual emergency service , after having been supplying a calculated 650 steady Watts -LRB- nothing with a startup draw - refrigerator removed -RRB- for at least 90 minutes , the lights started flickering . I stuck my head out the door and listened to the engine . It sounded normal . I checked the output voltage and found it down to 80V ... maybe 60 seconds later , down to 50V . I went to the generator itself and sure enough , there were several drops of oil underneath the engine , but the cloud of smoke hanging in the air was n't from that . It was from the generator head itself . I checked the voltage again and found it had `` stabilized '' at 40-50V but that the engine throttle was pegged . Of course , I had removed the load by this time . I shut it off and popped the cover off the generator head to reveal discolored , ash-covered windings . Great . It turns out , at least in my experience , that the leaky no-name engine on this unit was its strong point . I 'm not out a lot of cash on the generator but I had to replace $ 250 in spoiled refrigerated goods and spend a lot of time hot and in the dark due to its failure . Of course , with a couple hundred thousand people still without power in the state , I wo n't be finding a replacement generator any time soon . However , when that changes , I 'll be spending a lot more for something I can depend on .
 I got a weber for my Mazda B2200 and put this in to throttle down the electric fuel pump . The first one I got would not let `` any '' gas past regardless of the setting . I send it back , got another one -LRB- and this time a gauge -RRB- and it was off in its pressure setting about +3 PSI . So ... I got one at a local store which was cheaper than shipping this one back , it works good -LRB- withing .5 PSI -RRB- and sofar after a year I have not had any issues.Guess 3 times the charm . My 2 cents , buy this locally , it may cost a few more bucks , but if you have to return it , its alot easier . And you car is not down while waiting for the new one .
 The price of this item is right ! The problem is the sensor went bad again after a week . Not worth replacing again . If you are a DIY person , by all means take the chance ...
 received item 5 days after ordering . upon opening package , noticed bottom of box was crushed . pulled item out of box & the 2 front door visors were completely cracked in half , one with chip in lower corner
 I have a one ton Dodge boom truck with a flat . I have an impact wrench that will loosen most everything I have attempted to loosen except for the lug nuts on the Dodge truck . I borrowed a friends and his would n't loosen the lug nuts . So I began my research for a new one that would do the job . I settled on the Aircat 1000th . The reveiws indicated it would bust nuts . I bought two . It would n't budge the nut . I tried it once and was dissatified . Attempted to return the two and was informed that I could n't return the one I had used even though it was used once . They recommended that I send it to the repair center to have it checked out . I did send the second one back and got credit . But I still have the one that does not bust nuts . I might try it on a pecan.Boudreaux
 I bought this based on the reviews . I was replacing a CP impact wrench and was considering an IR thundergun . Then I found this Aircat 1000 with 1000 ftlbs of reverse torque at about $ 60 less . My CP has only 450 . This does not have much more . I started with my lightweight air hose that i use with nail guns and 90lbs of pressure on my compressor . It would n't losen the lug nuts on my one ton pickup ... so . . I went to a bigger air hose and increased the air pressure to 120lbs psi . Then it seemed to have more torque than my CP version but nothing special and clearly no where near twice as much . I should have sent it back but now it has been used . I am very disappointed
 the ball that was recieved doesnt match the picture in the desciption . the ball recieved was a replacement 25/16 &#34; replacement for a goose neck hitch . is pin type not threaded with nut like picture
 I bought this product for my 2007 Ford F-150 STX Model . I followed the directions to install it which were pretty easy but once I got it on and shut the door and of course it did n't fit . The door had about an inch and a half gap , so I do n't recommend this product for this vehicle .
 in the ad it definitely says Speed Demon Carb . When it arrived the instruction manual & bag say Road Demon . I see that a new tag of the part number 1282010 is on the box so I am assuming that it was a road demon box used for a speed demon carb ? why would this be as product condition states `` NEW '' ? this is concerning as there is no product number on the actual carburetor to note that is truly is a Speed Demon . the box was obviously not new and the carb has small blemishes . I would never order from them again and returned the item immediately .
 This little gadget looks cool . The compass is fine and the time is fine , however I actually got it so I could see the temperature , and it does not work . You hook the gauge to your windshield and even when it is 58 degrees outside , the temp registers up in the 80 's ... It was not worth the price I paid for just a digital compass and a clock that I already had ...
 Installed on the Dodge Neon Gen1 and the light is like a Candle light . there is no need to switch the Headlight on because there will be no light on the street . It would be safer to drive with a candle light ... worse the money ...
 Pretty much what the other reviewer said
 i ordererd 2 of these 1 fit the other did not just a wast of money i have had simillar experiance with mr gasket in the past this is not the sellers falt
 I ordered this item about 2 to 3 months now and I still have n't received it . I sent out emails no answer . I called and left messages no one called back .
 The Fram Air Filter -LRB- CA6900 -RRB- was indicated to be for the 1991 300ZX I have had since new ; however , after trying to make the filters fit into the filter box the first day I was unable to close the lid of the filter box -LRB- 2-hours trying -RRB- . A couple days later -LRB- after getting my composure -RRB- I attempted it once again and found that the top rubber lip of the filters was too high and the angle on the side-cut of the rubber lip was not at the correct angle so I had to cut it down . Once I figured out the problem , modified the top rubber molding of the filters I was able to close and lock the filter box lid . That was another 2-hours for a total of about 4-4-1 / 2 hours . Not fun ... Next time it is back to the Nissan Dealer and pay for the correct Nissan Filters ... . Just proves that sometimes cheaper is not always the answer ... Steve ...
 This is an awful company . I ordered my products 15 days ago and they have yet to be delivered and everytime i try and contact someone from the company noone replies . when i called the number on their page i get some bank . So they pretty much just stole 81 dollars from me . Hopefully amazon will be able to refund it or im just screwed . If you want my advice do not buy from somewhere else .
 I purchased this passenger side powered mirror for my Grand Am , it doesnt work . I didnt bother calling or sending it back to the people I bought it from . I believe they should test their products before they ship them , they may have been on the shelf for a while . Will not be buying from them anymore .
 Was excited to get this but then noticed the Manufactures bubbles in finished . Wo n't purchase a Show Chrome product again . Do n't waste your money .
 This review is aimed more at the Amazon description than the item itself.I purchased this item after searching for an electric fuel pump . The item description has an image that makes it appear as an electric fuel pump , the image is * not * of the actual item . This is a mechanical fuel pump and will only fit vehicles according to the specification . The quality of the fuel pump is unknown to me , although the packaging was good and the delivery prompt .
 the photo of this item is wrong !!!! here on the photo is shown electric fuel pump , but I recieved mechanical one!it is very teriable !
 I returned this product . The product was not presented well . It was filthy on the inside and just did not look like a part that I wanted to install on my car .
 Bought this filter thinking it was made in America , since it 's an ACDelco product , but when I opened the box the first thing I saw was ` made in china ' , not only was it flimsy but $ 5.00 more than the ` Denso ' filter it replaced , which was made in Japan . I will never buy another ACDelco product . From now on only ` Denso ' filters , they 're better and cheaper .
 This was a cheap light shift knob which utilizes adapters and an allen screw . It was too flimsy for my needs so I purchased a Razo RA25 to replace it .
 I bought a set of these for my 2005 Subaru Outback . They lasted for 4 months/6000 miles before needing to be replaced . From my home in the mountains , I drive up and down a somewhat winding paved road and normally get about 14 months of life from any tires , but this was ridiculous ! I have never had tires perform so poorly in my life . Maybe without the mountain driving , they 'd be better , but I 'd be careful before buying these .
 I wish you could give a rating of Zero starts for these tires . My wife purchased these for her 2002 Honda Civic . We live in Bloomington , IN so we get our experience of diverse weather . She spun out on wet pavement making a right hand turn going five m.p.h. a block away from our apartment . At this point the tires had around 500 miles on them . I drove her car after she backed into a hitch and broke out her tail light a couple of weeks ago . This happened because she could n't get traction in an inch of snow in parking lot . My car with Michelin Pilot Sport AS walked through it like it was nothing . I spent literally five minutes backing out and pulling out of the parking lot . These are hands down the worst tires I have ever driven on . They are like hockey pucks in cold weather and the worst tires I have ever driven on in the rain . DO NOT PURCHASE THESE TIRES !!!!
 Followed all instructions , but glue detached from puller tab too soon & no force could be applied to pull out the dent . It stuck moderately well to the car finish , but it is useless if it detaches from the tab first with little pressure . Placed a call to the service number , the recording promised a callback within 15 minutes - but two days & several calls later , still no contact , still no solution . This is a great concept , if it could be made to work .
 I understand there must be a delicate balance . Make the glue stick too well to the pullers -LRB- the two plastic bits you glue to the dent -RRB- and you 'd never get the glue free . Make the glue stick not well enough and the puller detaches from the glue far before any work is done.Well , my experience with this product is the glue sticks excellent to the painted surface of the vehicle . On the other hand , it does n't stick well at all to the puller . I would have expected better , after all both the glue and the puller are included in the kit , so the manufacturer had those pieces completely within their control . Yet , when trying to pull a 2 '' round dent in a motorcycle gas tank the puller would separate from the glue just as you could start to feel tension on the dial . The glue worked great on the vehicle , I do n't think you 'd want it to stick to the vehicle any more than it does right now . Took a few minutes work with the liquid stuff to get it off the vehicle . Just disappointing that the glue does n't stick to the puller . They need to redesign this and change the surface of the puller to some material that does n't let go from the glue quite so easily . The larger puller worked better than the smaller , it had slightly more pressure , no doubt due to the larger surface area . But still gave too easily.I 'm confident if the glue would stick better to the puller it would have worked great . I might try to roughen up the puller with coarse sand paper or something and give it another shot later , but that is n't something I would have expected to have to do .
 The look and feel of this seat cover is nice . Two issues , however :1 -RRB- It does not fit as advertised on my truck seats . The bottom seat portion needed to be two sections , and it 's one long one covering both driver and passenger seats , even though those two seats can be adjusted back and fourth separately . The backrest cover on the passenger side is made as though there is no fold down center console , so had to tuck a bunch of unusable fabric away behind the seat back on the passenger side . Looks bad . All this despite entering correct model and trim package in the order form .2 -RRB- The fastening method is awkward , with some loops and lengths of string to secure the covers . There is not near enough of the string supplied ; I had to supplement that with twine .
 It does not have J-hook and bolt . Without it , I ca n't hold down the battery . I have to buy the hook separately . I called the manufacturing company and they told me that if I buy this it will have everything I need to hold down a battery , but it did n't . I feel deceived and stupid .
 I ordered this for my wife for Christmas and recieved it very quickly . I guess for the price there is not much to complain about but the item was not in it 's factory packaging although it was included in the shipping box . As a result it is marred and scratched up pretty badly and on of the mounting screws is missing . I almost looks as if it had been installed and removed .
 The look and feel of this seat cover is nice . Two issues , however :1 -RRB- It does not fit as advertised on my truck seats . The bottom seat portion needed to be two sections , and it 's one long one covering both driver and passenger seats , even though those two seats can be adjusted back and fourth separately . The backrest cover on the passenger side is made as though there is no fold down center console , so had to tuck a bunch of unusable fabric away behind the seat back on the passenger side . Looks bad . All this despite entering correct model and trim package in the order form .2 -RRB- The fastening method is awkward , with some loops and lengths of string to secure the covers . There is not near enough of the string supplied ; I had to supplement that with twine .
 The metal work is excellent but the turn signals are garbage .1 . the leads are too short . Has this kit been installed on a CBR ?? 2 . the turn signals are not weatherproof . One rainy day in Seattle and they were shot , both bulbs exploded .
 I ordered a dash mat for a 2002 Dodge Dakota . . In reviewing my order , I ordered the correct year . But received 2005 to 2007 dash mat . I am in the process of returning it . This was a Christmas gift for my husband . In fear of this happening again , we will purchase it locally .
 This is n't a great nut , it got mangled up putting it on the car . The chrome flaked off and the nut bent and crushed . I do n't know what material it 's made out of but it will only look good if you do n't actually use it . Also they were put on by hand , not using air tools . I took them off with an impact wrench and they looked like they had been through 60 yrs of use in about 4 minutes
 The price was right but the item they show in their ad is wrong and misleading . The square plate on the end that 's shown in the photo does not exist on the item they sent me . Itis basically a u-shaped bracket with holes along one side . Had I known , I could have gone to the local hardware store and made it out of a piece of bar stock.The whole point of purchasing this item was to have the flat square plate on the end already welded and holes drilled . Without it , it 's just a waste of money spent .
 The brand name is All Sales not that you get all what you see in the photo . I did n't even receive one of the covers that is pictured in the photo . I received a cover that said Jeep instead of what is pictured and since that is what I ordered it for anyways I 'll just keep this overly priced single break cover . The quality is good but to only receive one and one that I did n't even see pictured is a major rip off in my opinion at $ 22 plus shipping and handling .
 This idle pulley was purchased April 2011 and here we are Dec. 2012 and the Taiwanese bearing gave out . I checked with Toyota dealer and they want $ 30 . Dealer is the way to go . I 'm tired of made in China . Not worth installing . Toyota OEM that I removed has a snap ring to replce the bearing . Bearing is a 6301-2RS and costs $ 8 from a bearing supply store .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I guess you get what you paid for . To me it 's not worth it . Maybe it 's a different story for the more expensive ones . This one covers the speakers that are on the dashboard . They 're not cut-out or pre-cut . Do n't believe them when they say `` it wo n't make any difference '' coz ' IT DOES . The highs -LRB- tweeters -RRB- are literally being covered and nowhere for the sound to come out ...
 See the update below , based upon first actual use . The initial review was based upon putting the unit together.The pump is good . I ca n't complain about that . It is a US company , but this is made in China as stated on the box.The threads are NPT , but off a little ? I used a standard piece of pipe for a little more length , and attached the strainer to it , and it broke the strainer easily . It was not an issue with over-torque , or stripping threads , it just broke the strainer ... I estimate at appoximately 35 ft-lbs . I put it the rest of the way on anyway , and it seems to function , but when the fluid level gets below the big crack , it will probably lose suction.I contacted the manufacturer and received ZERO response . Thank heavens it was n't the pump that broke.UPDATE
 Overall , it appears that this pump was poorly made.Initially , when I purchased it in early 2012 it seemed like a bargain . However , by October 2012 , the pump seized and the handle snapped off . It could be ween that the handle was a cheap casting -LRB- not a forging -RRB- . Aside from getting set behind in work -LRB- after all , when a pump like this is purchased , it is because it is * needed * -RRB- , I was generally ignored by Fill-Rite . When I called the company , Fill-Rite , they were not any help regarding warranty and indicated that I needed to find out who the distributor was -LRB- Although my purchase was from Amazon LLC , the Fill-Rite rep I spoke to said they did not consider Amazon a distributor.If you are looking for a pump , avoid this model . And if this model is an indication of their material quality , avoid Fill-Rite in General . The right tool that lasts may cost a little more , but as the old saying goes , `` buy once -- cry once '' .
 I ordered this to use for some water storage barrels , and had to return it . It is a really nice pump , but it is n't made of cast aluminum like the product description says . It is made of cast iron.I 'd say 5 stars for the pump itself , but 1 star for the incorrect information .
 First use it leaked all over , very poor quality , you get what you pay for . THen I repaired the leaks made some changes and the cast bung adapter snapped right off , now the cast handle has broken . I would put this money towards a better pump , this is a waste of your cash .
 I bought this rotary hand pump to get diesel fuel from an underground tank . The tank is only 6 feet below ground level and the pump does not work . Repeated priming just barely makes the pump work with ferocious rotating of the handle . Wasted my money . Sorry .
 We were excited to find a custom fit seat cover set for the aging seats in our Passat.The advertisement goes on and on about the fit . CAD designed just for your application . `` designed to fit as well as original upholstery '' `` The Coverking fit rivals the seat 's original upholstery `` Well not quite!I have personally designed using CAD , and I believe I could have achieved a better fit using pattern paper.You know how these days there is
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Dash cover was of pretty good quality but the fit for 95 Bonneville Pontiac was an awful fit . It needed to be at least one and 0ne half inches larger especially along the front edge . Sides were a short fit . Cut outs were fair fit . Sun can blister and crack exposed area . Back to the old towel to cover the dash .
 Product is not the product that it explained to be . Ordered two to have a spare and wow , it is not what I needed . Return policy is very poor . I did not read that prior to ordering . The customer service is non existant from what I can see . Can not seem to find a number to talk with someone . I learned an expensive lesson .
 the listing for this item said that it was for the rear of my vehicle . this part in fact only fits the front
 This product is the worst of its kind ! It lasted a couple of months at the most , it is not at all worth the price , no matter how cheap . I picked one up at WalMart for ten bucks that works great , do n't waste your time on this one . It is cheap , but do n't be had , stay away from this product !
 When buying a brake controller , you need the controller AND the wiring adapter/connector that goes under your dashboard . Maybe some brands sell them together , but not most , because they are specific to vehicle brand and model , so do some research and find out what you need for your vehicle . Brake controllers come with 4 bare wires out the back , or a `` 4-flat ' connector and your dashboard likely has a connector with a ` box ' style quick connect , If so , you need something to connect the two.Now , onto the problem with this item
 Nasty looking vent on top of cap , no internal arch ribs . Accel has fallen from grace with cheap replacement parts .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 The shipped product does not have the `` one tool '' pin . This appears to be an error by Amazon . The hitch itself was of poor quality and the base where the ball mounts was not parallel with the shaft making the ball lean lean sideways .
 this company does not sen any mounting s along with thier product and no instructions as to mount it . I will not buy from Extand products again
 The size was never put on the site before I bought it . If you read the reviews and your looking for the size its about 4x7 feet . good material just not for me
 the pic shows teh cover and the rails -LRB- the whole set -RRB- now where does it say cover only . very misleading .
 Since the size of the cover was not included in the description , it did not fit and had to be returned .
 If the size -LRB- i.e. what model it fits -RRB- is not included in the ad , I 'd never buy this . Shipping stuff back and forth is not THAT much fun .
 Ordered twice , both times got `` original '' packaging that was missing the ` Rubber Filter Adapter ' . This piece is crucial in installation . Will return for a second time , not going to order another from Amazon , wasted my time .
 Does NOT smell like coffee . In fact it smelled like burnt beans for a couple of days , then had NO smell at all . And ours had some kind of `` gooey '' spots on the side where the plastic either was n't completed , or they were suppose to be somekind of venting ... either way , it was kind of gross.I ca n't believe I paid that much money for such shoddy product.My Bad .
 I have a dashmat from years ago for the same car , now I have a second . The new dashmats are really poor workmanship in comparison . It looks like a reject . Major sewing errors and miscuts , sloppy factory defects . I had to send it back.I already have same exact mat from years ago that always fit correctly , this one is ridiculous , not right at all . I 'll try a different brand , I guess.I also ordered for a different car and that one had less defects so we kept it . Still , We will do some sewing to correct one poor detail .
 This is the second serpentine belt I ordered for my 2006 Toyota Prius through Amazon . Both times the web site said it was the proper belt . Neither belt fit and I have had to pay return charges for their mistaken/miss information . Dayco 5030440 Serpentine Belt DOES NOT fit . It is to long .
 I just used this item today for the first time . The fan makes so much noise you would not use it in your car . It would be very annoying . I plan on returning it as soon as i can .
 I purchased this unit as I have a DC 9 inch tv , and I wanted to play DVD 's on it using my Xbox for the kids . The only thing I plugged into the Inverter was the Xbox , and the TV was plugged into another lighter spot , but was not turned on . Almost every time I turned on the Xbox the Inverter would shut down with the LCD saying `` low '' . And that was even with the car running . When it did stay on the LCD screen said that the Xbox was pulling only 55 watts which is way below the rated capacity . The unit would not run at all with the car off , and was hit or miss with car on ... Save your money !!
 The cigarette lighter plug is poorly designed and will blow your fuse . Before using , take the plug apart and tape the insulation in place . If they ca n't get this right , I wonder what other problems might lurk . It seems to function OK once this defect is corrected - up to about 150 watts . You will have to connect directly to the battery for more . I replaced the cigarette lighter plug with one from Radio Shack and it works fine .
 I bought this for an extra nice looking dual Stainless Steel tailpipe without restriction & intercooled to provide a nice tone on my Mini Cooper S.Unfortunately , I never installed it due to the poor attention to detail in construction.Large & obtrusive welds attached the center supports of the outlets making it look hand welded & not very well , supports were n't angled or spaced evenly.Had I installed it , it would make my car look worse , and I like it now , just wanted non-OEM & a bit better.In all , it looked like a cheap Borla replica attempt & I immediately used Amazon 's retuen policy.It was supposed to be a Borla part , so now I 'm not so keen on buying Borla . It could have been a cheap imitation attempt.Too bad , I had already shown the picture & talked about installing this it looked soooo good , live & learn.Good luck , Stan
 The amazon photo shows 2 filters . I questioned this to the amazon support staff via email and they stated that it comes with 2 filters . When the package arrived , it ONLY HAD ONE FILTER ! After again questioning the staff and recapping the info provided , they got back with me 1 week later and stated `` we have researched this product and it only comes with one filter '' . Very disappointed as I could have bought the Mobil 1 filter for a few dollars less . DO N'T BUY THIS UNLESS YOU WANT ONE FILTER !
 So I had the OEM one in my Durango for 210,000 miles and this one after 2,000 miles is already acting up : - -LRB-
 bought and installed in october 2012 , failed in january 2013 , too short a time for a o2 sensor , next time will purchase from a local auto parts store .
 I ordered the Dashmat under the premise that it was an easy install , being mechanically retarded this appealed to me ... lol ... I 'm sure it would have been easier had the velcro that came with it actually stuck to the dash . I did what the instructions said , clean the dash thoroughly with a mild solution , NO Armoral , my dash had n't seen Armoral in 10 years in fact . So after fighting , sweating , and swearing over the non-sticky velcro I found myself at the auto store looking for industrial strength velcro . After about 2 hours I had it installed .
 This is a `` universal '' product that is supposed to fit everything . It comes with a thousand nuts , bolts , fittings and fasteners . My mechanic could not get it to fit my Durango . I went to Dodge and purchased the item made for this vehicle . It was only $ 50 more than this one and fit perfectly with only a few bolts . My mechanic said will be stronger too . Lund , what a rip off ! Never again . Postscript
 The plug looks fine but it says it will fit nearly any small engine . This will not fit any small engine I have ever seen or used these plugs are big . about 3 inches long and about an inch wide huge plug . if you have an older engine it might fit it . the only reason I only gave 1 star is because it says fits any small engine and it will not fit any small engine i have .
 It matches my car but the problem was , it wo n't stick to my car . I followed the instructions as indicated but it just wo n't stick . Overall it served the purposed on to my car .
 Baught a Valley Class III trailer hitch 3 years ago , and within 3 weeks it started rusting . Within 2 years it was a ball of rust . Looks real bad , and I have to file off the rust and grease it real good or the ball hitch wo n't fit into the trailer hitch hole . Very sorry I got this brand .
 I think they might have ran out of the 10mm because in its place was 3/8 . I would not recommend this product , I work out of town and order tools needed to be sent to my home where I generally pick things up one or twice a month . So , mistakes like this are not acceptable when its something that is needed .
 Do not buy this product . In removing 20 6mm cam cover studs , the OTC tool ruined 4 by crushing the threads . If I 'd have purchased a $ 100 puller set rather than this one , I 'd be ahead .
 I guess I should have known not to purchase a `` universal '' product . It was no where close to being able to fit the stem on my shock or the nut that holds it in place . The shocks would have to be mighty small for this thing to fit them . Of course since these did n't fit I had to find another method to remove the shock from the coil -LRB- hint use an impact gun -RRB- .
 I bought this kit for my BMW 325i 2002 , and now I have to buy the original BMW because the car is to low and the chassis hit the pavement . Only change the springs if You want to made a upgrade , and the stress bar , never touch the springs .
 I bought 2 sets of these for my 2003 S10 ZR2 with factory flares . From the pictures and description , it look promising and a great value . However when I received them I was severely disappointed . Basically made up of a thin hard cheap plastic , I thought I might try to at least see what they look like on my truck but they do n't even fit!DOES NOT FIT FACTORY FLARES , even though the description says it will fit factory flares . Do not be mistaken , they do not . And since I opened the packaging to see what they would look like on the truck I can not return.Don ' t even bother , a waste of money , as the saying goes ... you get what you paid for .
 Flag was fine but there was no sleeve for my flag pole , only 2 grommets on the end.which made it difficult to hang
 This bag does not work well in my car - an Acura . The sticky tape refused to adhere , and there is no good place to hang the bag , so it is no longer in my car . It had a very short life there because it was n't functional . It closed nicely , but was all over the floor .
 This bag does not stick to anything . Keeps falling over , lid makes it hard to put anything in it . Overall , worthless .
 The thread on the brass plug has nicks in it which proved impossible to screw the plug into the drilled bolt head . I would have had to re-thread it to make it work . Save yourself some cash and a headache and find a higher quality product .
 Bought this hitch and even checked Valley 's website to make sure it was the right one before I ordered . Valley says it 's the right one , but it does n't fit ! It needs to be about 1 '' wider to actually line up with the frame . It may work if you do n't have Stow-And-Go seating , but it 's specifically supposed to be for the Stow-And-Go vans !
 Well , I should have listened to the first reviewer . I also checked with the manufacturer -LRB- Valley -RRB- , before purchasing , and was convinced it was the right thing . It 's not . IT DOES NOT FIT !!! Amazon has since stopped selling this item - see their disclaimer . The box was destroyed in shipping to me , so I can not even use it to ship it back . What a pain .
 I ordered a black Dashmat for my 1992 Cadillac Seville . It arrive timely enought , but went downhill from there . It does not accurately fit into the space of the dashboard top , and overhangs the dash about 2 inches . It is too wide and does not line-up with the defrost vent . Poor quality obviously not made for my exact model of Cadillac , 1992 Seville , the model just prior to the Northstar change . I 'm so disgusted that I do n't even feel like wasting the time to send it back . Thanks for the wasted time and money . Tom Wolf , -LRB-760-RRB-270-4515 .
 not what i ordered , i ordered a bench seat cover as the picture demonstrates . I received covers for bucket seats . Not worth the Amazon hastle sendiing them back and waiting for the correct item.who does their quality control ???????
 The Windshield tool was cheaply made and the tip broke within 5 minutes of using it on my windshield . Basically there were no useable instructions on the backside of the package . I would n't buy again .
 I bought this tool to replace the chrome moulding around the rear windshield of an old BMW . Unfortunately I was n't able to use it for the intended purpose . The directions were very vague with poor quality illustrations , so it was n't easy to understand how to properly use it . Also , once I figured out how to manipulate the trim through the tool , the tip broke with minimal pressure easing the tool through the rubber weather stripping , rendering it completely useless .
 I ordered this product for my son 's 1995 Nissan 200sx . This item claimed `` nibbed '' backing and displays attachment grommet for the driver 's side . The product I received was not nibbed -LRB- the backing was flat -RRB- and did not have driver 's side attachment grommet installed . I ordered the set of four grey mats , color was closer to black/charcoal than grey -LRB- I expected something much closer to a medium or even a light or dark grey but not nearly black -RRB- . I feel the product description was misrepresented . Quality of product seems good .
 Claimed it would fit a 1999 Jetta , but it does not . Not even close to the right shape . I also note there seems to be some minor convex curve to the original mirror but this product is just a flat piece of -LRB- mirror -RRB- glass . Seems like strong glass , but it does n't fit so that 's irrelevant .
 I ordered this mirror to replace one on my daughters Jetta that broke . The packaging looked professional and it arrived intact . However , the edges of the mirror were somewhat chipped . It will fit in the spot but looks a little rough around the edges . Before the price I expected a smooth mirror edge . The two double stick tape pads do n't look like they will hold the mirror secure so I will probably use construction adhesive . Because it fits and the car is old I will keep it . If it was for one of my newer cars I would have returned it .
 I bought two of these frames for my daughters new car , and they really looked great . The problem is , we live in Minneapolis and the chrome plating on these frames is not the highest quality . After one winter , the frames were coroded badly and we had to replace them . My advice to anyone considering license plate frames is to go with stainless steel , expecially if you live in a frigid climate . One other problem we had is that she got a ticket for having a `` cover '' over the license plate . Minnesota has a law that does not allow you to cover the license plate , even with clear glass or plastic so , I would recomend that you check with your local police and make sure it 's legal to use these frames in your jurisdiction .
 I purchased two for the front and rear of a 2011 Nissan Murano to take the place of the black dealer ones that came with the car . Opened box to find both clear leases broken in the corners . Tried to use them but they broke in my hands . Incredibly cheap clear plastic . Decided to try the frames anyway . No go . If you look at the installation directions , you need to buy an additional mounting plate from Cruiser Accessories to make them attach correctly to the car . I tried to attach without the mounting plate , but the license plates were still very loose and rattled around in the chrome cover . Then I tried to use rubber spacers and that failed also.Eventually I gave up and ordered weather tech .
 On the instructions is RECOMMENDED to put the mirror over the old one if its not broke -LRB- clean the area of the old mirror , dry and use the double side tape that is included -RRB- . I did this and in a few days , the mirror fall down and broke . I had to order another one , and this time I 'm going to break the old mirror and put glue to add the new one.I gave one star not because the product itself -LRB- I just order another one -RRB- , but for the instructions of the product and the cheap glue that is included .
 We bought two dashmats on Amazon for two different cars . The other one was so badly done we had to send it back . This one only had one flaw , a silly 1 `` x6 '' flap that was mis-sewn and hung wrong . No matter how long you let it sit , it would never look right . We folded it under and now the dashmat looks ok . Maybe cut it off someday and resew the piping to make it look like a professional job.As I 've said in another review , Dashmat products we ordered on Amazon do n't seem to be the quality they once were . I 'm looking at other brands from now on .
 This is the first time that have felt compelled to write a review here . -LRB- actually the second , Best Price asked me to remove my first bad review after they promised me a return of my shipping and handling -RRB- First the part arrived a week later then latest expected date . I received no response from email I sent asking where my part was . I did finally get a phone call after I posted a bad review here . As I said earlier I was told that I would receive a refund on my S&H , that has been a week ago with no credit or refund shown to my account . I attempted to contact the seller by phone three times and left a message once . No return call . I have just sent an email this morning , but I am not counting on a reply . Save yourself some aggravation and buy somewhere else . The only positive in this experience is that the part did bolt right in .
 Piece of junk . two corners ripped out the first time I used it . thank god for the Amazon return policy - got my $ $ back.I 'm surprised Rain-X would put their name on something this bad .
 It is def water proof but I wish it was bigger . Also I have an Equinox so the straps did not fasten onto my roof rack . Plastic straps were too small . I bought 4 bungees from Home Depot and that did the trick .
 Product is a joke . On the first use , both zippers came off of the cargo bag . Do not waste you time with this product .
 Used this cartop carrier on a long road trip . It was extremely difficult to zip once the items were packed.I did not overfill the bag or try to stuff it shut and it was still hard to zip . I needed to use a pair of pliers . The plastic is brittle even in moderate temperatures -LRB- 50degrees -RRB- . The configuration of the strap/net is difficult with only 2 horizontal roof racks -LRB- racks running the width of the roof -RRB- . I had to use extra lashings . It did rain all night on the bag left atop the car in a hotel parking lot . Rained the entire 1/2 trip home from PA to RI . The result was that several items were wet . It works great for extra space for things like kids plastic toys or items that can be bagged inside the carrier . My trip was a great test of the bag ... highway speeds with constant rain and lots of wind . Still , it 's pretty good for the price besides the brittle zipper .
 Loaded and secured nicely , stayed very secure for 500 miles thru a very cold snowstorm , kept snow out and contents dry . Unloading was a nightmare as all parts became brittle in bitter cold . Zipper , flaps and strap loops all broke and snapped off . Had to drag entire bag off of roof and indoors to warm up before we could open and unload it . Brand new unit , first use . Unusable for return trip . Buying a hard shell carrier next !
 The ONLY things I put in the bag were 2 camp cots - very lightweight . The bag , as others note , is stiff , but what 's worse is that the zippers are made of VERY pliable metal . They bent like a spoon in Uri Geller 's hands . I noticed after the first leg of the trip -LRB- about 500 miles -RRB- that small holes had worn through where the roof rack met the bag . The noise from the bag -LRB- not the straps , which I tightened and taped -RRB- hitting the roof was like listening to a speedbag , for hours . By the time we returned , there was a 4-inch failure of the front seam , and another 2-inch gap in the rear.I ca n't recommend this product to anyone . I 've put photos of the zippers and seams so you can see for yourself
 We purchased this cargo bag for a 500 mile trip to Colorado . We intended for it to realistically last for a year or two until we upgrade to a hard-sided cargo box but we could n't even make it work to our return trip ! Like many other reviews had mentioned , the material is almost impossible to work with in cold conditions . As such , closing this in cold weather is nearly impossible . The first time out of the box , in trying to close the zippers , one side completely failed . I did not feel as though I had overloaded the bag at all , there were two small to medium-sized suitcases and a small carry-on sized duffel . Additionally , the straps to connect the bag to the roof rack seem to be made of inferior materials . The buckles that fasten the straps almost pulled right apart when any kind of tension was applied to secure the bag to the rack . As for the straps themselves , although tightened down as much as they would allow , began to fray 1/2 way through our trip . Upon reaching our destination , the second zipper completely fell apart when trying to unload making the bag entirely useless . Thank goodness for Amazon 's return policy ! Hopefully we can find a suitable alternative for the return trip !
 After extensive research for roof top storage , I selected this one . When I received it , the seam b/t the zipper & the bag itself was defective & already ripping . The zipper was very difficult to use & I think , w / more than one use , this bag may have ripped w/out the defective zipper . I returned mine immediately . Buy @ your own risk . Thank you Amazon for refunding return shipping !
 The zipper broke the first time I tried to zip it shut on the car . It was not even totally full of stuff . It was just so hard to zip shut that , while pulling on the zipper , it broke in half . Good thing it has two zippers , but still , not cool . It did hold up with the one zipper , but would be nice to have two . It also did not hold as much as I thought it would . My recommendation would be to zip it up and unzip it several times in your warm home before ever putting it on a car . It has a rubber-ish material all over the zipper -LRB- that makes it waterproof -RRB- and after opening and closing it a few times becomes easier and easier .
 We used the bag for our 180 mile trip over Christmas . Temperatures were below freezing the full duration of the trip . The first time I tried to open the bag at our destination one of the zipper pull tabs broke , and the last remaining pull broke while trying to reclose the bag . Even after I was as carefull as possible to align the zippers and use minimal force to close the zipper , the bag was simply too stiff to allow the zipper to properly close . The bag did n't even make it through one trip . Very disappointing and frustrating . I do not recommend this bag to anyone .
 I purchased the product new and was happy to find out how thick and durable the material was . I also appreciated the velcro flaps covering the zipper . Unfortunately during the install my favorable review changed quickly . The zipper which closed the unit is cheap and broke rather easily without pressure on the seems . The pull key ripped the plastic teeth and separated from the zipper quickly on the second pull . There is no way to repair without replacing the zippper . I now must try and return the product ...
 You might be able to fit one suitcase in this bag , not what I expected . The bag was very stiff and difficult to work with . It also ripped very easily . I , personally was very dissapointed with this product anf would not reccomend .
 Love the size , volume , ease , flexibility , security , and of course the price . But as many other reviews here and elsewhere reveal , the metal in the zipper pulls is cheap . Bendy in hot weather and brittle in cold , they wo n't last.Our first one broke on the second trip . But I blamed myself , and carried pliers for the 3rd and 4th trip , so I could still get all of the great value out of my beloved -LRB- and cool looking ! -RRB- RainX . Then the second pull broke . And , illustrating more commitment to the product than made sense , I * continued * using it for another half dozen trips , diligently packing the pliers for every trip . Just so that I could open the damned thing?Then it started ripping , even without being full , as discussed in other reviews , and shown in pictures posted on Amazon . I blame its relatively long life with us , on mostly fair weather and shaded parking . For mountains , heavy winds , heavy rains , snow , desert , beach , etc. ? Ca n't recommend you do anything but find another product .
 The vinyl bag was extremely difficult to unzip . Vinyl gets stiff when its cool , but temps were in the 70 's and I had to use pliers to move the zipper . It also killed my gas mileage . The straps to secure it to the luggage rack were also extremely difficult to tighten down . We stopped over night after a 700 mile drive and I went to sear 's and bought a hardcase carrier . It was $ 200 vs the $ 47 I paid for this one , but I was able to fit more in it , it took just 15 min to mount securely and my gas mileage immediately increased . Do n't waste your money on a soft vinyl bag like this one .
 Appears to be nice , but no diagram , and no clue how to even get close to 4 27 inch suitcases as advertised . Would love a diagram , or info to help
 This item was purchased for a trip from Kansas City to Terre Haute , Indiana . It took longer to rig up all the straps than it would have to install a regular hard carrier . There are no retainers for the remaining end of the straps and when opening for a single item everything basically must be dismantled . When packing , one has to be sure they 'll fill the whole compartment or the straps wo n't be long enough to keep the bag from flapping . I would not reccomend this thing to anyone but a lawyer ... -LRB- do n't like those guys -RRB- . Seriously dads , if you 're taking the family on a road trip stay away and do n't let the wife talk you in to wasting money on this thing .
 Love this cargo bag . We had to tie the excess strips down so it would n't be flapping around on the road . This held 1 `` carry on '' suitcase and 2 very full duffle bags and then some . I was very surprised how much it held . Easy to store afterwards . Would recommend to all travelers .
 The product packaging says submersable but the warning brochure inside says water resistant , truly a contradiction .
 It would be most helpful to list the size of the carrier . I am limited on the size and this ad was useless to me . Liked the comments and would consider purchasing but ca n't due to unknown size .
 The product looked real nice BUT , You do not find out untill you open the box from Amazon that you NEED TO HAVE THE ROOF RACK WITH THE 4 RAILS NOT THE ROOF RACK WITH THE 2 RAILS .
 The very first time I used this product one of the zippers completely came off its track . Useless . Luckily it had two zippers to help close it . When I pulled the other , it snapped the metal pull tab off . I had to grab some pliers to be able to even close the bag . It took me almost an hour to do this before a road trip . I hate installing this bag . Also , the material is so stiff and thick that unless you plan on putting pillows and blankets in it , you will never fill this even close to capacity . I was able to get 2 small bags in it . That 's it.Also , as far as waterproofing , no matter how great the seams and material are made -LRB- which I admit appears very good -RRB- , the product is useless if you can not close the bag . I also admit that the straps are good and held it secure to the carrier.Bottom line , handling , closing and filling the bag was just too much effort with too little reward . I will now buy a hard case style carrier so I do n't ever have to waste energy on this again . Do n't waste your money .
 It held what it was suppose to hold , keeping it pretty water-tight . But some very serious false advertising . Does NOT use any RAIN-X product just uses the name . It says it is water proof on the package but the info inside says that it is only water resistant . I am glad it did n't rain to test it . The straps were okay . a pain to work with .
 This bag seems like a very good quality thick , hard material inside and out . I loosely packed the bag with some clothing , tried to zip it before putting it on my cartop , but the zipper handle thingy came loose from the zipper . I tried to pull the other zipper to close the bag thinking I can just use one zipper handle to zip it , but that one came loose from the zipper also . Upon inspection , I noticed that the zipper handle opened , releasing it from the zipper . That thing is so thin and weak that when I pressed it closed and lightly opened it back up to put it back in the zipper line , it literally broke like a piece of cake . I do n't think it 's even made of metal . Maybe I got a bad batch , but it is what it is . Returned to Amazon .
 I purchased this bag to put into the bed of a pickup instead of putting our luggage into garbage bags . I had read some reviews on how the bag was hard to zip in colder weather . I left this bag inside at room temp for 2 weeks before we left . When we were ready to pack the truck the temp outside was in the mid 30s . We took the bag straight from the house to the truck and started packing it up . It took us about 15 minutes to get everything packed . By that time we finished the material was cold and we could not get it zipped ! Even with two people ! We had to get on the road so we just packed some other bags and the cooler on the side that was not zipped . Fortunately we did not hit any weather . After we got to our destination and unpacked I brought the bag in so it could get at room temp and stay there until we left . The morning we left it was in the mid to upper 50s . This was still too cold for the material as we had the same problem . Fortunately we did not hit any weather on the drive back . If I had purhcased this bag to go on top of a vehicle it would not have worked with the temperatures . I can not comment on if the bag is water proof as we never hit any weather -LRB- which was a plus for us -RRB- , but if I had to take a guess with the quality of the material and the thickness of it I would have to say it should be.A good point to make is the bag is very large . We were able to fit most of our luggage in it .
 When I installed the rooftop cargo carrier for the first time , two of the PLASTIC locking clips broke . I used bungie cords as substitutes.The bag is made of heavy duty weather resistant material.Loading for the return trip , one of the zipper pull tabs broke . I used the other ziper pull tab to zip the bag shut . When I arrived home , the second zipper pull tab broke . I 'm contacting the manufacturer to return the product for a refund .
 Only two bags fit in it and the zipper almost busted . The straps pop off when attempting to strap on top . Funny thing was another car at rest area was trying to fix his for same issue !!
 Ordered this car top carrier , as I did n't want to have the hassle of storing a hard sided container . Product arrived quick and appear to be very heavy duty . Summer time use , so none of the difficult zipping issues noted by other buyers . HOWEVER , the buckles that hold the straps to the roof rack came undone when any sort of tension was put on them . I have to zip tie them closed to make this product useful . SO I suggest that if you do buy this item , you do it well in advance of your trip , test the hardware ! Now I have to figure out how to do a return ?
 My opinion only - This is a cheap Chinese chrome plated core . Mine is so out-of-round that I had clearance issues with the alternator mounting bracket .
 I purchased this remote hoping it would be a cheaper alternative toWARN 64849 ATV Winch Replacement Remote Control , but although they are both three wire remotes , the plug is different . For my application I cut the plug , soldered the leads and used heat-shrink tubing to tidy up . The controller fits in a waterproof box under the hood and only comes out for the occasional winch line reset . To that end it works well , with the following caveat -LRB- s -RRB- .1 . It 's cheap ... and not the good cheap . The most expensive component is the wire - ten feet of your garden variety 12 gauge extension cord stock . The switch is also underwhelming , a meduim/light duty , low-amp , momentary On-Off-On switch . The plastic housing is the cheap dollar-toy plastic , not the cell phone type plastic . On a high note , i noticed that the proprietary plug -LRB- thank you Warn -RRB- looked well built as it sailed into the trash .2 . It 's poorly built . I opened the case -LRB- just to peak ! -RRB- , and the wires fell off the switch . Apparently R&D ; went to lunch and these plans took a premature walk to the assembly line . The case wo n't allow room for the switch AND the solder-less connectors , so the connectors are mashed -LRB- intentionally -RRB- in order to squeeze it all in . As a result , the connectors do n't fit tightly onto the switch terminals , but are more or less `` held '' against the switch by the tight fitting case . Now this might fly where you 're from , but here in the good ol USA ... I promptly cut the quick-connect terminals off and soldered the wires directly to the switch . With NO chance of the wires wiggling off I gingerly screwed the case back together , careful not to crack the case or strip the threads .3 . It 's overpriced , by about $ 15 . Add the materials cost with the obvious disregard for fit and finish , and this remote sits at the bottom of the pile of many third party remotes . I figure Warn owes me at least $ 20 for finishing their job for them .
 it is not the size of the truck 's mirror its a pice of crap . i dont recomend buying this mirror at all
 Lisle makes very good tools in general , but this one really misses the mark . Drive length will only work for short springs up to 10 '' or so . Design looks and feels sturdy , but is mechanically flawed . The load bearing brackets cock -LRB- due to excessive screw to bracket eye clearance -RRB- under loading and will hit the side of the springs at the compression levels needed . The spring hooks are/look sturdy but will damage your spring coating under loading . Also , they do not tell you except in small print on the box that you can not use this tool for new spring compression . This can be used only for compressing a partially compressed strut fitted spring . That is how they get away with the short drive length.Look at the Craftsman 90500 from Sears instead . That worked well for me and the price is only marginally higher than the Lisle , and that comes with a Lifetime Warranty . This coil spring compression job is hazardous enough that you do not want to save a few bucks , and it is better to stick with the well known dependable brands .
 didnt even use it . its a thick sticker that didnt even fit my 2002 chrystler concord . might work but looks like shit
 There is no text description , and it 's impossible to tell from the picture how many pieces are in the package .
 this thing is totally crap , cheap , cheap , cheap , would not recommend . inserts will not fit shifter correctly and product is made out of some unknown chrome plated plastic sort of material , can not identify
 Does not fit 2011 Pathfinder and also many other Pathfinder years . AMAZON IS IN ERROR as to compatibility even after you select the year make and model and style . Do n't wast your time and money .
 I bought this to replace the 12v splitter I 'm currently using , because I wanted a couple of batteries available for a pocket camera I keep in the car . This looked like the perfect solution , because I was already using a splitter , and this would n't take up any additional power points.First , this item is extremely heavy compared to the splitter I was using . Which is to be expected , because of the batteries and extra charging circuitry . It would n't be a problem , except the post that fits into the 12v socket is about 3 inches too long . With all that weight , a few bumps in the road and it 's worked its way out of the socket . There is a dial on the post that 's supposed to tighten the contacts inside the socket , but it does n't work.Second , the two sockets for plugging in other items are too shallow . My device keep working their way out . Struggling to keep this plugged into the lighter socket , and my devices plugged into this quickly becomes a safety hazard while driving.Other than that , it comes with 2 rechargeable batteries , which I have n't had long enough to use , so I ca n't really tell you if they 're any good or not . And there 's a map light , which would probably be useful if my lighter socket was in the roof , but not down by my feet.So , pretty much , this was a waste of money and time , and I 'll keep looking for a better AA battery charger for my car .
 My friend ordered this for his 2005 Trailblazer LS -LRB- short wheel base -RRB- since his pump was going out . According to Amazon , it would fit his truck and even said with the shorter wheel base . Once we got it , we did n't know what the old one looked like until we dropped the tank and pulled it out . Well , this thing was about half the size of the stock one -LRB- both length and diameter -RRB- and the ports and harness were n't even close to the same ! Really sucks since he had it over-nighted to make sure we got it by Friday so we could install it on Friday evening . Now he 's forced to buy a new one at Auto parts store -LRB- in order to get his truck going before next week -RRB- for over $ 100 more than what he could have gotten the right one for . Not only that but now he has to go through the trouble of shipping this back to Amazon and getting refunded for the shipping charges etc.By the way , personally I would go for the Delphi or Delco unit , since it is OEM and pretty much guaranteed it will fit . I 'm not 100 % sure , but it looks like the correct Bosch part number for this truck should be 67508 -LRB- according to Advance Auto 's web site -RRB- . Also note that when he ordered it , it DID ship from Amazon , though at this time they must have run out because the price went up and it now ships from a third party .
 I 'm sure this rug is fantastic . Sadly , we were shipped car floor mats so I could n't really say . Not appropriate for my sons Christmas present .
 Even though it says it fits the 1998 volvo S70 T5 , it does not . The belt is too small by about 2 inches .
 These Coverking floormats came quickly . But they do NOT have the precut holes as shown on the picture . There is no way to hold them in place , so they slip around a lot . Bad deal .
 This particular VentVisor installs on the outside of the door frame - NOT - in the window channel . I purchased the product based on Amazon 's description , realized after I opened and inspected the contents and went ahead and installed it anyway . I preferred the other style but since the package was opened and I was ready to install , I went ahead anyway . The results are OK but time will tell if they withstand freeway speeds , wind and weather . I had had this style installed on another vehicle and they lasted about 3 years before the adhesive tape started to give away and a strong head wind and 70 + MPH freeway speeds ended up tearing one of the front VentVisors off the vehicle . I replaced the set with the in-window channel style and noticed less wind noise and an improved appearance.I have notified Amazon of their misrepresented description on 2/19/2008 . Hopefully it gets corrected quickly so someone else does n't experience my frustration with an incorrectly described product . My only recommendation to a potential buyer is `` do your homework and research the product at the manufacturers site before you purchase '' . Hope this helps someone else ...
 I ordered this item because it had the Moog/Precision name on it . Moog parts have always been top quality for me . Item arrived in a box with greasy fingerprints on it . The kit was missing the replacement c-clip and also the instructions . So I had a replacement kit sent . It had the c-clip and instructions . But the boot in the replacement set was different , and lower quality from the first one . The first boot was stamped Longwood , which I believe is s quality US part maker . The 2nd boot had no name stamped on it and appeared to be of poorer quality .
 It leaks air so much you can not air up a tire . Its another piece of china junk . Do not waste your money on this .
 Poor quality the one of the clip fell apart , returned , whay ca n't these be made of better quality , Amazon should post where the item is made in ?
 I have never understood why auto makers put carpet in the floors of vehicles . I live in a snowy climate and wanted a rubber mat that would protect my floors from the elements . These Nifty Catch-All liners appeared to be exactly what I was looking for . Each mat is held in place by a screw that safely attaches to the carpet , and another piece on the mat itself that allows you to snap it onto the screw theoretically keeping the mat in place . Included are also some round finishing caps to cover up the assembly . By having the two separate pieces snap together , taking the mats out to clean is a breeze.Here is where the problem lies with these mats . Almost immediately all of the finishing caps popped off , and do not stay on . Ok , I can deal with that , it 's just for aesthetics . Another minor problem is that the Nifty product label is attached with a cheap adhesive , and come off after a day in the hot sun , again just for appearance . The real issue is that the mats also pop away from the carpet screw . This means that you could be getting into your vehicle from an icy road and think that your mat is attached to the floor , and it goes sliding away from you . Not only is it inadequate at that point in protecting your carpets , it becomes dangerous.I have the full set of Nifty lines for my SUV ... all three rows , and EVERY one of them has this same problem .
 I am returning the 1 bolt I purchased simply because their product ad says for 10 pieces and I was okay with pay $ 12 for 10 bolts , since we needed 3 , but since we only got 1 then I will be returning it for a refund and looking somewhere else .
 The Bad -- I gave this a low rating because i was shorted more than half the spacers , and the screws suck , 5 of them either stripped or broke off . I expected a little better products from an american company and that was the main reason i bought Bushwacker , you can get copies of these off ebay for half the price and i should have went that route . I was out a lot of time and gas running around town trying to find replacement screws and something i could use for spacers . Never found any screws and had to cut fuel line hose to make spacers ... The Good -- The flares fit fine .
 I need a quick release keychain to separate my work keys from house keys . This seemed to be what I needed but it broke after one month 's use . Still looking for a keyring separator that would last longer than one month .
 The product was broken upon arrival . I 'm sure it would be very handy if it was n't broken . It does n't stay secured in the middle where it should
 With normal use -LRB- 1 key on one side and 2 keys on the other -RRB- this broke just a few days after I purchased it .
 I liked the keychain as it does what exactly I need . But , one of the small balls that holds the two parts together fell off just after two weeks !! and now i have two separated keychain rings !! useless and low quality .
 who knows how this product is the company `` custom '' took 2 weeks to send it out and than i never received it . And they never offered to send it again . so i took a refund this was a bad company and i figured i better get my money back as fast as i can .
 I bought this item thinking it was a snap on , as it turns out you have to cut out the old one before installing the new one , I could n't find anyone who wanted to risk cutting out the old one , they throught it to big a risk in cutting the old one.Shipped back very disappointed I could n't use it .
 Wanted a set of these for a while , especially after I had trimmed fenders previously and wanted to cover it up . They look very good ... My biggest issue , partly my own fault for not researching more , was the fact that if there is an aftermarket rear bumper -LRB- RockHard 4x4 -RRB- the Bushwacker 's will need to be trimmed to fit.Extremly over priced for a couple of pieces of molded plastic . Once I saw all of the pieces , I thought that I should not paid over $ 200 for this product.Installed for about 8 months now and I feel this was the worst part I 've ever bought or put on my rig . The money could 've went to something more useful ; like beefing up the D30 or something . Also , these are on my DD with 33 '' BFG 's ; which these flares made the width of the axles look narrow . I put spacers on to compensate for this . I am torn over spacers , due to the leverage they put on the wheel studs .
 Bearing fit fine and works but makes noise while driving.Probably is defective but too difficult to return.Even though the price was great I 'll most likely pass on ever buying auto parts from Amazon again .
 The amazon photo and advertising clearly states and shows this belt to be a Poly COG design , but I was sent a POLY RIB belt ... NOT GOOD!Dayco 5060800 Poly Cog Belt
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 These guards are smaller and harder than they appear . Setting them up strategically to keep two doors from hitting each other is tough . You would be better off hanging a packing blanket in between the two vehicles . I sent this item back .
 This item is more trouble than help . The first time I let a friend check out my car , they had to move this door guard out of their way by using the flimsy rope , which hit the side of my car and became more of a hazard than help . I would design a better one , if I had the time .
 This mounting system skid adapter for my Warn ATV snow plow looked great and initially fit well - but the hole for the snow skid on one of the adapters was too small . I tried reaming it out and then realized that even when the skid fit the adapter , the holes were not aligned . I had to do a lot of work to make it partially fit . Would not buy this again . It should fit perfectly out of the box as this is a model specific skid adapter system .
 I received mine with a label stating it was made in 2006 . The packaging was faded like it was sitting in the sunlight for years . Upon opening the filter box , the filter element had no light coating of oil on it . Apparently 6 years sitting on the shelf deteriorated the oil . When I shined some light through the filter element , I can see small holes , which means the filter itself is deteriorating . The seller was from Amazon.com and usually they never get it wrong but this time they did . I sent this one back and ordered a replacement . Will post details when I get that one .3 / 28/12 Update
 If the product worked , it would be great . But I never got that far . I tried to insert the power plug into my 12 volt outlet , and the plug jammed part way into the socket . When I tried to pull it out , the end 1.5 inch of the plug broke off in the socket . The broken stub required a pliers and screwdriver to get out.Luckily this was in my garage , not beside the road somewhere in an emergency . It is too bad , because the product looked great . But the plastic that was used for the power plug was not up to the job.Amazon accepted the return with no problem .
 Buyer aware !!
 Power plug got stuck and broken after first use . Gauge is not accurate that makes it completely useless .
 Hi bought this manual because another reviewer said that it had detailed information . I found it to be very general . For example , when replacing valve cover gaskets and upper intake -LRB- plenum -RRB- gaskets , i found better instructions and guidance for free on web forums . This manual has less than a page of instructions and very high-level . Whereas I found about 20 pages of details without photos on web forums . Oh well , time will tell whether this manual is of any use .
 I purchased one of these several years ago . The pin that holds the locking latch came loose which resulted in the latch popping off and the ball coming loose . Eventually the trailer broke free with the ball still in the reciever . This resulted in a major accident with injuries . A wise person would spend the extra money on separate hitches with a real ball attached .
 After the body shop painted and mounted this mirror we discovered that it had the wrong wiring harness for a 95 Town Car . Called for support and they have no wiring diagrams for this mirror . : ~ -LRB-
 I thought I was ordering glass blue dots from the description . When the product arrived I found they were made of plastic .
 terriable its a plastic peace of garbage.Wont work dont waste ur money.Also they are illegaly but idc about that since there plastic they wont work either way.The real ones are glass
 I 've bought two sets of magnecor plug wires , each for a different vehicle , and each vehicle now has difficulty starting and/or maintaining idle for the first minute - merely changed the plug wires to these and now I have ignition issues . Prior to this change things worked smooth as silk.I 'll keep my distance for now .
 les escribo para informarles que el espejo que solicite llego roto , por lo cual quiero hacer un reclamo formal para que me hagan la devolucion del producto .
 When I received the package it was already cut partially open and had nicotine stains on it very very thick as if it had set in someones smoking garage for years . I do n't feel as though I should have to pay new price for an item in such condition ... I would have purchased something like this at a flea market for $ 5.00
 I purchased this item thinking it was the right size for the existing mirror . WRONG It fits on the mirror but alot smaller than what it should be . You can see out of it but looks like crap and is obviously a missmatch . It also came through with a chip out of one corner
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 This power supply has stopped working . I am not satisfied with this purchase . I have only used it normally and would not expect that it would simply stop working .
 After waiting for two weeks for this thing to show up . I plugged it in to test it out , and the power cord shorted to the case , creating an open in the cord . I called the number to the place on the warranty cord . What a bunch of yahoo 's they put you on hold , and have that typical New York -LRB- they are from Brooklyn -RRB- low class attitude . I imagine they will try everything under the sun to get out of giving my money back . The power cord is undersized -LRB- too small a gauge -RRB- , and not insulated enough for the current that this thing is going to swallow up . Beware of the arcy , sparky .
 BEWARE ! THESE THINGS ARE CHEAP DREK . BRAND NEW OUT OF THE BOX , WITH NO LOAD , NEARLY SET MY HOUSE ON FIRE . SMOKING AFTER ON FOR 10 MINUTES . STEPPED OUT TO LET MY DOG OUT AND WALKED BACK IN TO TOXIC FUME HELL . SMELL WILL NOT GO AWAY AFTER PUTTING IT OUTSIDE . I SHOULD SUE THESE CROOKS ! GOOD THING I HAVE A FREE ATTORNEY .
 I decided to get this to supply power to a 12V utility pump . The specs were right , but it didnt work . I am very dissapointed .
 I ordered 6 of these units . I installed all 6 of them and 1 did not work right out of the box and 1 of them failed after about 5 hours of use , The other 4 are working great , for how long is any ones guess ? Amazon will not replace them because they deem them as &#34; HAZARDOUS WASTE &#34; no returns on hazardous waste , not sure where they get their information from . They think it is some kind of battery I guess ????
 Received the product , did not like the quality and materials . Returned to Amazon for refund .
 I pulled this out of the box , it must be built with some good parts on the inside because it is quite heavy but ... I unscrewed the wire connectors on the front which are called `` Banana jacks '' to hook up the power to a project I was building and the positive side just fell right off , it broke and the unit is unusable.I will send it back.the rest of it looks good tho
 I thought this bracelet was going to be a good buy . In fact I thought I was getting a good deal . But of course I was wearing it and it stretched out and almost broke ; now how does a bracelet like this stretch out , that only means it is shortly going to break completely .
 Bought 4 - 3 of them broke the first day.I would NOT consider this brand if you need a 12 volt power supply .
 This unit was not enough amperage for what i was needing . Was not the units fault though . So i ca n't really tell you much about it
 The Sony batter does n't fit into the cradle . The car adapter does n't work . The home plug in burnt out within 4 hours of use .
 Opened the package and is nothing like described . Said it came with a frame , DID NOT . Just the mirror . So crazy glue and tape is what 's holding it in .
 I thought this bracelet was going to be a good buy . In fact I thought I was getting a good deal . But of course I was wearing it and it stretched out and almost broke ; now how does a bracelet like this stretch out , that only means it is shortly going to break completely .
 it doesnt say that the mounting is only at bottom there is no way to attach it to the truck on the body i used L brackets and double sided tape to hold them on . the holes in bottom work but when you go down the road air makes them rattle.draw a line around flares after install then remove them get some self taping screws with rubber washers the put L brackest in three spots on each fender set up your flares then 1 screw in bottom push flares aganst body screw in flares to L brackets then screw in rest at bottom .
 I really loved the look of my yellow headlights but one bulb burnt out on a night drive after just having them for 2 weeks . Maybe it was a fluke that the bulb died so fast but I 'm not going to order anymore . I should have went with a more known brand .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 The Flow meter will not adjust correctly and run on the car correctly . Do not purchase Python only go with origional equiptment . This meter is crap . Tried two of them both from Python and both had problems . Went to a used VW parts place in West Valley , Utah and got one used for 50.00 and its origional works like a champ .
 Amazon continues to send Winnie the Pooh floor mats instead of the flames floor mats . They are incapable of correcting the problem . I really liked the flames mats but I ca n't get them because no one cares enough to sort out the part number mix up . The flames mats are probably stored in a warehouse somewhere never to be sent to anyone . If you order this product , I promise you , you will receive Winnie the Pooh mats instead . And if you return them for replacements you will receive more Winnie the Pooh mats . Hey Amazon , get your head out of the sand and fix this !
 I ordered this product and after I received three different shipments of Winnie the Pooh floor mats I canceled my order . Three phone calls to Customer Service and multiple emails was a waste of my time . The only good thing that came out of this order was that I got a full refund .
 Mirrors look and fit great , only problem was they are wired wrong for the window switch.They work backwards from original . i believe this can be changed if you switch the wires around , but i have n't done that yet !
 This mirror was installed as instructed and after a very short while it got loose an fell off into traffic . Pay a little more and get something better .
 Not worth the minimal money . Two round stickies that do n't necessarily have the body to adhere to and hold the glass to the mirror body .
 its not the same length as the stock header , to install you have to push the bpipe and the cat up to force it to fit and after that you realize its not machine right and you have a huge exhaust leak , i Bought one and i have a huge exhaust leak i tried every single gasket to stop the leak . DO NOT BUY THIS
 I was happy the the product showed up earlier than expected , and while it did work , it did n't work as well as I thought it might . I 'm using it on a 96 Audi A4 with the 12v V6 motor . The threads are not cut with the appropriate depth , so when I was tightening the adapter down it sheared threads . Thus I was n't able to charge my A/C system . I bought another one locally -LRB- which I tried one time before with no luck -RRB- and this time used some teflon tape . That took care of the thread depth problem and the adapter works pretty good , except for the fact that one has to hold pressure on the adapter to get a proper charge reading.In short , it gets the job done with some adaption and fussing with .
 I 'm sure this product might be good for garage doors and other things where it does n't really matter if you make a bit of a mess , but for oiling for example a squaking living room door , this is not the product you want . Even with the straw it makes too much of a mess .
 I recently bought a Flambeau 2059ZR toolbox to replace an aging & overcrowded 19060 . It was difficult to open the tool box initially & then 1 three holed lever popped off the pins on one side & another 2 hole popped off on the other side . Neither will stay attached after pushing them back on the pins.Several e.mails to the company have never been acknowledged even though their website quotes `` Need some advice ? Got a question ? Problem ? Hey , no problem ! We 're easy to deal with , easy to get a hold of . And you can do it by phone , fax , e-mail or `` snail '' mail . `` Do n't Buy This Product !!!
 These hubcaps have cheap plastic attachment lugs which break easily . Ask your hubcap vendor if they have 100 % steel attachment lugs to avoid easy breakage and lost hubcaps .
 The part was re-packaged and re-labeled several times.Apparently a returned item was sent to me.Filter was made in China , not like OEM filters which used to be made in Japan .
 OK , I had this set up on my Miata and am going to pull it off - DONT buy these . Why ? The lowering spring rate is too soft , So you end up running right on the rubber bump stops . That 's real bad . Also , the Tokico blues are NOT good shocks for a miata , especially for a lowered miata . Check mnet there are horror stories about this set up .
 This product only fit four out of six stake pockets of a 2010 Silverado . Even then they started to pull out of the pockets and I had to stop tightening the load . The eyes and threaded rods are separate pieces and the rods were starting to corrode after only two months when I replaced them with another Highand product that was far superior . It has no rubber blocks but plates that fit inside the stake pockets and one piece eyes with threaded ends.I can not reccomend this model .
 The adapter plate will only fit a Quadrajet to a Squarebore manifold , or a Squarebore carb to a Quadrajet manifold -LRB- I hope -RRB- . It will NOT fit a Squarebore Carb -LRB- Edelbrock and the like -RRB- to a Motorcraft Spreadbore manifold and vice versa.If one tries this a big gap will remain.I do find the way my re-embursement claim was handled , very good . -LRB- I will get all my money back -RRB- I will gladly send the adapter plate back to the vendor , if they appriciate that . Please tell me if the vendor provides a postage paid code or similar.Best regards .
 the picture on the net is black , the picture on the box is black , I thought I was getting black but the dang things in the box are not black
 this cheap thing did not fit my car . and yes i did order the right mount ! I am better off going to the dealership
 The bolt holes on this part do not line up with the OEM bolt holes in the body . They are all slightly off .
 I ordered this because the system claimed it was a match for my 1992 toyota t100 . it is most definitely NOT a match , it is much longer than shown , and is the wrong shape . Mirror also arrived covered in grime , with the product packaging open inside the shipping box . It looked like someone took it off a vehicle , shoved it in the old packaging , and mailed it .
 I bought two of these frames for my new vehicle in October . Once I received my California plates , I found that they did not fit inside either license plate frame - not by much , but enough so that the frames would not mount flush with the license plates - they were about a half centimeter too small . I think this is a manufacturing defect with the frames rather than the plates , as I tried another set of California plates and they did not fit as well . Bummer for me was that I purchased the frames prior to receiving the plates , and once I received them and discovered they did n't fit , it was outside of Amazon 's 30-day return window . So be careful buying this item .
 It originally worked great and after 5 days of use it all the sudden began reading about double the correct RPM . I tried to change the mode per the instructions but it did n't help .
 I purchased this product to help me set up a new carburetor on a tecumseh snowblower . I found it painful to change tach modes . The mode button is very small and requires a lot of pressure . The instructions explained how to display a mode but not how to select it . I never could get the RPM range to display correctly .
 the product is a waste of time and money . delivery was almost two weeks . when the items arrived , they were not assembled . no hardware was included . the price to obtain all of the proper additional hardware is 200 $ -LRB- and up -RRB- .
 The Key chain fell a part -- the tear drop is held to the key chain by a small screw , which came loose . I glued back together with Super Glue ... hope it holds . .
 I ordered the filters they said were for my engines and they were the wrong ones . Now I must send them back .
 better covers are available in stores as compared to this china made cover
 I ordered this item and was extremely angry once I opened it . It looks nothing like what it does in the picture . The picture shows it with various animal prints . When I got it , it was just one print
 I ordered the Safari steering wheel cover , but instead received just a gray cheetah print only steering wheel cover . I know that gray cheetah is in the print , but it 's not ONLY cheetah . I was so excited to open my package , but quickly became upset and frustrated to find the completely WRONG product . Definitely want my money back and the product I actually ordered .
 i ordered this expecting to receive the cover as pictured . when i got it , it was nothing like the picture . its just cheetah print and very tacky looking . not worth your money
 I was so excited when I saw this cover because it 's what I have been looking for . It has all the prints I love . I was extremely disappointed when I received it because it was not the print that is shown in the picture . I returned it because it was n't what I wanted or ordered . The picture needs to be changed if that pattern shown is no longer available to the one actually received when purchasing this item . I have n't had issues or problems with past orders just this one product .
 I did not get the steering wheel cover that I ordered and I am not happy about it at all . I have been waiting for days for my package to come and when it gets here it is totally the wrong thing !! I am not happy at all and very mad ! I want the correct steering wheel cover that I ordered !!!!!
 As by the price I paid I didnt expect great , but the first time I put this on my steering wheel , it came apart . I tried sewing it back together , but it just wouldnt fit tightly to the steering wheel . I didnt go through the hassel of returning it , i just tossed it aside .
 I wish I had read the reviews . I was so happy to find the exact print I have been looking for that I naively ordered . It 's bait and switch . You do n't get anything close to what you think you are buying . Quality is poor and the print is generic . PLEASE DO N'T ORDER FROM THIS SELLER EVER !
 This was not the right design . instead of a mixture it was just the cheetah . I do not recommend this . strings were comings all off of it and when it was on the wheel it streched weirdly over the steering wheel .
 The product did not look like the picture and is too big for my steering wheel . Did not care for the fabric either .
 I ordered this product and was very estatic to open it up , but come to find out it was nothing like the picture . I was very dissapointed . I bought a whole entire cheeta set relying on that steering wheel cover and to come to find out , it was n't what I though it would be . This is FALSE ADVERTISMENT . I hope you do n't make my same mistake in buying this . I also hope you read this before you buy it ! Because of this product I do n't trust Amazon fully anymore and will now read the comments before I buy something , if I do . .
 I , like everyone else , received just the leopard print instead of all the prints . It 's one of the scrunchy ones like you can buy at the Dollar Store .
 I DO N'T KNOW IF IT WAS FROM WHERE I BOUGHT IT , OR WHAT , BUT I WAS N'T TOLD IT WOULD BE A HARD COVER BOOK . I WANTED A REAL MANUAL . IT SHOWS SOME STUFF , BUT NOT WHAT I REALLY WANTED OR EXPECTED . IF POWERSPORTS DID N'T SUCK SO BAD , I WOULD OF TRIED TO RETURN IT .
 The color is beautiful - unfortunately it does n't stay on the steering wheel . It lasted only a few days , if that . It kept coming off and I had to keep reattaching it . Unfortunately , the elastic gave out and now it does n't work at all . I 'm still searching for my receipt so I can inquire about a refund . I 'd like to get another steering wheel cover from another company - I certainly would n't order this product again .
 my son was travleing the interstate running 70 + when the engine died . he managed to get it stopped and after a few trys got it cranked . took it to a service center today and learned the cap had cracked . mechanic said from the coil . nice looking setup but i recommend staying with the tried and true factory parts . could have been real bad . no harm no foul . just money he did n't have to spend again
 I ordered this and received a lug nut , not what is pictured . A far cry from what I expected at all .
 According to Monroe 's website I needed this tool on my 97 Passat to remove the rear struts . I have no idea why they said that . I just used an impact gun and the nut came right off . It was not expensive , like 7 bucks . But still ...
 I purchased a used-like new Westin part number 22-1125 . At heavily reduced price , I had my doubts that everything would be intact . However , all parts were accounted for based on the inventory list in the instructions . At that point , I was relieved but the disappointment was yet to come.There are two major problems . First , the auxilary brackets that stabilize the main brackets did not align with any existing body points . No amount of force would make them come close as they miss by about 4 '' . All right , I thought , fabricate some proper aux brackets later ; things could be worse -LRB- and they are , read on -RRB- . There was still hope that the main brackets would fit . They looked just about right . Well , the four main brackets do not level out . What I mean is , the rearward bracket is 1.5 '' to 2 '' lower than the front bracket . It does n't sound like much , but magnify that by the 75 '' length of the oval tube and the rear tip is inches too low.I checked the road height of the front and rear body mounts of the GMC , and they are at equal height . Then , I measured the drop of the front and rear Westin brackets . The rear bracket has greater than an inch of additional drop . I called Westin technical support , and the only help they could be was to confirm that I had purchased the correct part numbers , 22-5020 tubes and 22-1125 mounting kit.Either the Westin label on the 22-1125 mounting kit package is mismatched to the parts contained within , or the mounting kit does not fit the application that it claims.My only options are to have a metal shop adapt the mounting bracket -LRB- shorter -RRB- and fab aux brackets , or return everything and buy a different brand . Unless my experience is unusual , if I were you , I would not buy Westin . Or , get photo proof of fitment on your particular application first .
 I bought this when I started my restoration process on my 65 Fastback . It is labeled as a `` complete '' chassis harness and has `` everything you need . '' This is simply not true . Thankfully I saved my old wiring harness . There are lots of wires on the Painless kit with no end on them . In other words you will either need to buy more parts on top of the already high price tag , direct wire into existing wires , or salvage 40 + year old ends . Is n't that the reason I bought a new expensive harness in the first place so I did n't have to do any of those things ? For example , the tail lights and front turn signals require specific plugs-not included in the Painless kit.The wires are labeled nicely and the instructions are pretty straight forward . You do need some experience and expertise to run this harness.My recommendation is to go to a swap meet and find a guy selling a similar 14 fuse wiring harness and use that kit . There 's several guys out there making just as quality if not better than this Painless kit . It 's much cheaper and is the exact same product.I hope this helps and good luck !
 What a piece of junk , the elastic wore out in appx . 1 week . I only drive about 100miles a week so it was not from excessive wear and tear . Save your money or look somewhere else . Definetly a DO NOT BUY !!
 The cover sent to me was not a safari cover like described and pictured here . The 36016 was stickered on over top of the real # for the item . What I got was a solid grayish-beige color . My only option was to turn it in for like and I did n't know what my odds were for getting the correct steering wheel cover , so I did not bother returning it for a replacement safari cover . I figured , who knows how much I would have ended up paying for shipping and what the cover might look like in the end .
 Just a piece of junk . It was too inexpensive to return , so at least I can say I only wasted $ 2 .
 In the picture the item is dark colored and it does n't say otherwise in the description . I received some ugly bluish color . I suggest you take this into consideration before purchasing one even if its only a couple bucks .
 Too much hype , may damage the engine , not recommended by OEM . Just get the OEM filter and save some money . Nice concept though and good workmanship .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 Even though Amazon car selector says it fits a Porsche 996 , it will not fit ! SR0808N is the correct part !!
 I have the same problem as the other reviewer . This starter did not fit my 2002 Porsche 911 3.6 L.
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 This ` kit ' was 60 $ at the local hardware store , decided to order from here . Used it on some mild steel as directed i drilled out the hole and used the tap to make new threads . While backing out the edges of the tap decided to split off of the tap . The coil barely went in but i used loctite on it and broke the pin off and it works but i cant use the other 9 -LRB- of 10 -RRB- coils because the special tap is broken .
 At first I was excited to have this for my steering wheel . The top/bottom parts are really smooth but the middle parts are rough . So when you go to turn , it rubs against your hands . It also has a really bad odor that fills up the whole car and my hands . I took the cover off and wiped down my steering wheel , but there is still an odor that gets on my hands . I am returning this item and I would n't recommend it .
 I actually purchased this item at the BMW dealership for only $ 25 , and to be honest it 's not that great . It looks like I just tried to cover the scratches with whiteout . It looks terrible and worse than before . I thought that the colors would actually somehow blend together because it was the actual BMW paint , but I was wrong ...
 Product did not fit despite OEM claim . I recommend that you confirm parts with your dealer prior to making an online purchase .
 Part did not fit my vehicle . Description did not note more than one axle assembly was use used for my model vehicle in that model year . Had to replace with a local purchased unit .
 This air filter made my 2001 Mazda Tribute idle very roughly . After I recharged the air filter my car would n't even start at all ! The oil used in the air filter clogged up my mass air flow censor and would n't allow fuel into the cylinder for ignition . I just put an ordinary Fram air filter in and it starts right up and runs great ! Sometimes cheaper really is better . Note
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 HAD BRUTE FORCE U-JOINT , LASTED 4 YRS , BUT ONLY DROVE 28000 MILES , NO GREASE FITTING , NOT GOOD , HAD LIFETIME WARRANTY AND RETURNED DEFECTIVE , AND GOT A MOOG BRAND WITH GREASE FITTING , LIFETIME WARRANTY , COST ME $ 2.00 AFTER STORE CREDIT , BRUTE CREDIT . COMMON SENSE > BRUTE INSTALL A GREASE FITTING , THATS A NO BRAINER .
 I found this book did n't give me the information I needed in a useable format . I also found out I could get the same book for $ 7 from another source . Made me feel less likely to buy from Amazon in the future .
 Stay away from this product . It is not a real Weber , the parts inside say Solex on them . I put this on my 1985 CJ7 & have had nothing but issues with it . The jets it came with are for sea level , so I had to buy new jets & still ca n't get the thing to run right . Buy the 32/36 or the Motorcraft 2100 .
 Bought this item thinking it was orange , so I bought seat covers to match . When I recieved my order , I opened the box immediately only to find out that the steering cover was dark red , NOT ORANGE !!!! Very dissapointed !
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 I ordered this boot for my 05 4runner . The thickness of the boot material is much less than stock . It appeared to be a tight fit though the thinner material might have stretched . Definitely not OEM . The part from Toyota is more than twice the price of this boot , but obviously worth it .
 I ordered this downpipe exhaust more then a week ago . The product still has n't been shipped and promised 19-22 . Today is the 19th why even promise a time of delivery .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 As a general rule , I read at least several reviews to get a better sense of the product from the buyers side , instead of the sellers side . I researched this product thoroughly before purchasing it and I read all the reviews.The first Tridon EL12 Flasher I received had loose parts rattling around inside . I contacted the seller , returned it and was sent another . I installed it but it still did n't work . Partly because I was given wrong information on the placement of two in-line diodes which were installed in the circuit . That was corrected . Nevertheless , the 2nd Tridon Flasher was deemed defective and I bought a new one . Now this one -LRB- the THIRD TRIDON FLASHER ! -RRB- does n't work as it should . It is designed for low load applications . When I have ONLY LEDs in all the turn signal sockets , it does n't flash ! I must put one incandescent on each side for it to have enough load to flash.This is for a motorcycle application . I am modding a Honda Rebel CMX250 to have LED turn signals . This flasher is supposed to replace the resistance-based flasher . That would allow very low load LEDs to operate in the light sockets.This flasher did not perform as expected . I still have to have 2 incandescent lights in my rear turn signals to get the unit to flash properly . I am not happy with that.I have gone to great lengths to research , a lot of forum discussion and even hired a mechanic to help me with this . It should have worked . I also called superbrightleds.com and spoke to a tech . He told me this is the correct flasher . The turnsignal circuit is a very simple circuit . There really is n't much to it.The bike i am working on has limited electrical power and i wanted to mod with other electrical devices.This may work out for you . Just be aware that you may also spend a lot of time trying to figure why it wo n't work !
 Bad fit for 22re , late 80 's 4runner . Driver is too short , sleeve is slightly too tight . This was obviously not checked for this application . Required lots of effort to make work at all .
 When the word &#34; Kit &#34; or &#34; Ends &#34; -LRB- plural -RRB- are used one would expect more than ONE ! The cost seemed too good to be true and it was . Now I have an unknown tie rod end weather it is inside or outside I have not put the effort to find out . When I received item I was not happy . I just straightened the bent ones out and going to cross my fingers they do n't break ... Would not purchase again ... . Buyers beware ...
 The Chinese quality of this product is horrible . This Performance tool is sold by most of the auto parts stores , Auto Zone , O'Reilly , Advance . I used it once and the included crows foot started to bend open and allow the head of the bolt to twist inside . I could feel it doing this and luckily got it on . The 15mm crows foot was no longer `` u '' shaped . I got lucky it worked . With some concern , I later decided to change another belt using the crows foot . Big mistake , i got the old belt off and never could get it back on because the crows foot was wide open . I had to get a ride to the store to purchase a $ 25 set of crowsfeet to complete the job . The steel is way to soft in this set . Get the Lisle tool , the make a couple of different types . Do n't be tempted by this price , I have lost money on it .
 Tried it as soon as I received it , and found out it is &#34; NOT &#34; worth it . I was going to inquire as to returning it , And I do have it boxed up and ready , but then I would need to pay restock and return shipping , so I 'd rather not deal with it . &#34; Pay &#34; the extra &#34; Buck &#34; and buy the real thing !!
 The order came with only part of the contents described . On top of that the bar was bent . Do not waste your money .
 it is just not worth the money ... It is made out of cheap plastic . I would go with a Wade brand
 This product is likely OK.Seems fine.I do have an issue with Amazons listing.Buy by size ? Buy by Model # ? One cost more than the other?The color that I got did not match the picture.The color description of the product CHANGED AFTER I ordered.I ordered by size and not model number - both are listed on the box - so it 's the same product.I got cheated out of money - do n't make the same mistake - order by Model number .
 I wanted good quality and these were the highest priced covers listed on Amazon . They said `` only 4 sets left ... order soon '' . I ordered the correct size and part number . The correct size and part # was on the receipt/invoice when they arrived -LRB- 19 days later -RRB- , but they sent covers for a 13 '' wheel -LRB- I needed 28 '' -RRB- . When I contacted Amazon , they said my size was no longer available so they sent these . Are you kidding me ??? 13 '' covers for 28 '' wheels !! Who made this decision ... a monkey?So I sent it back for a refund . I could n't tell if the covers were good quality , cause I never opened the box . What a major let down after waiting almost 3 weeks . I went to a local camper store and got a set there the next day . Sometimes , saving a few bucks just ai n't worth it !!
 I purchased these struts for a 2003 Accord due to age and millage . Big mistake ... these shocks make my Honda handle like a waterbed . They bounce and sway side to side . My original shocks handled 10 times better . They make this horrible creaking noise like if you were jumping on a bed . I even had the bushings changed and other applicable components . Long story short ... spend the money and go either KYB or OEM . As I think I may have a defective pair of shocks , they are unfortunately out of the return date as it took me a while to get around to getting them replaced . It 's not the fact that they are defective as things happen , it 's just not cheap and easy to replace struts if you are not doing them yourself . Then again your time is not cheap and abundant either . You get what you pay for !!! Lesson learned yet again .
 I ordered this guage because it was graduated in Both PSI and kPa which is really what I need . I lost the factory guage for my Honda ATV . The tires take 5 PSI or 35 kPa so you can see the need for a small scale . Sadly , the guage you really get has a totally different face and is only scaled in PSI . What a waste , why ca n't the picture mnatch the product ?
 SENT THE WRONG ONE-RETURNED IT - FOUND IT CHEAPER AT A DIFFERENT WEB SITE-GOT THE SAME BRAND -LRB- DASHMAT -RRB- OTHER SITE WORKS GREAT NO PROBLEMS
 I ordered one of these for my subaru - did n't even come CLOSE to fitting properly . It 's the usual cheap automotive grade carpet as well . Avoid and get something you can see in person and make sure fits .
 All the sites that i have seen this plug on state that it has a Removable Terminal Nut . The package i received in the mail came without the Removable Terminal Nut . I am somewhat unhappy with that and the only way for me to use this plug is for me to cut the top down to size to fit my coil sticks on them.Here is a ling of the same plug with a Removable Terminal Nut :[ ... -RSB- This really sucks and now i have to spend money at a machine shop to modify the plug .
 The lock and trim piece fit on fine . However , the top of the trim piece restricts the tailgate handle from opening . I had to remove the trim piece and contact manufacture for a solution . No answer yet .
 I installed one in my mower today and guess what ? The mower would start and run for about 5 seconds before quiting . It would restart and then run for only 5 seconds and quit . It was the proper plug for the engine . I reinstalled the old plug and the engine ran perfectly.This is certainly not what I expected ! I have no idea what is going on here - very strange indeed !
 I REGRET SPENDING 7.00 DOLLARS BUYING THIS PLUG FROM WAL-MART . I DID N'T NEED A NEW PLUG , MY 128L HUSQVARNA WEED TRIMMER WAS WORKING JUST FINE . HOWEVER AFTER READING THE PACKAGING I THOUGHT HUMM , MAYBE I WILL SWITCH MY RCJ8Y CHAMP . . PLUG OUT WITH THIS E3 .12 SPARK PLUG . WELL TO MAKE A LONG STORY SHORT , AFTER 3-5 MIN OF USE WITH THIS NEW E3 .12 PLUG I HAD TO REMOVE IT AND REINSTALL THE OLD PLUG . -LRB- RCJ8Y -RRB- SPARK PLUG . TO FINISH THE JOB . THE NEXT DAY I DECIDED BEFORE WRITING THIS REVIEW I WOULD GIVE THE E3 .12 SPARK PLUG A SECOND CHANCE . WELL , THE OUT COME WAS THE SAME , AFTER 3-5 MIN OF USE MY 128L WEED TRIMMER WOULD CUT OFF AS IF IT WAS CHOKED OFF . THEN WOULD NOT RESTART . I WILL NEVER USE THIS PRODUCT AGAIN , AND WILL ADVISE ALL FRIENDS TO STAY AWAY FROM THIS WORTHLESS SPARK PLUG.IT IS POSSIBLE I HAVE A FACTORY DEFECTIVE PLUG BUT ... IM NOT SPENDING THE MONEY TO TRY A SECOND ONE . I SEE SOME PEOPLE HAS WROTE GOOD REVIEWS , I AM NOT KNOCKING THEIR STORIES .
 In January 2009 , we installed two E3 sparkplugs in our chainsaws . Both of the electrodes broke off ; then the broken off metal parts entered into the cylinder and damaged it and the piston . Now , our two chain saws are destroyed . I will never use an E3 sparkplug in any engine of mine .
 I was so excited when I ordered this product . I thought it would be great to have the freedom to run wherever I wanted and be able to track my distance and speed . When it arrived , the instructions were not too difficult which is good for someone like me . The first thing you have to do is calibrate it by running on a known distance and then going to their website to put in the difference between what you actually ran and what the watch reported . It then gives you a number to program into the watch . I had to do this three separate times before the watch was correct . Then for about 2 months it worked great . Then both batteries went dead -LRB- the watch and foot pod -RRB- . According to the instructions , you should not have to recalibrate after changing the batteries . This was not true . The watch was way off after I changed the batteries . I tried to recalibrate it three more times with no luck . It is now sitting in a drawer because I do n't have the time to keep fooling with it . I think this product is a lot of work and a huge disappointment . If you know your mile pace , you really do n't need it to keep track of your distance . It truly was a waste of money .
 hiI bought and used this product intensively for 6 months and it is now dead in the water.first the start/stop/reset button started working uh . . randomly ... then the watch started to reset itself to 0 even with new batteries , then ice on the cake , the pod purely and simply stopped communicating with the watch ... and since Fitsense does not have a return policy , I am stuck with a bulky $ 250 watch ... since I really need a distance monitor , I will now buy a Polar which is what I should have done at first . stick to the pro.I would rate this product -5 stars if I could . needless to say , I am fairly upset with it.ciao
 The description of this item on this site leaves much to be desired . First of all there is no differentiation between passenger side axle and driver side axle . The 2 sides have different part numbers , which you ca n't tell from the description , and if you order this item you will get the driver side only . There is a different part number for the passenger side . Also the description says right side when in fact it is for the left -LRB- driver -RRB- side . The passenger side one is much longer with a bearing mounted on the shaft.Next ; the way the description is written it appears that the part , CV axle , is built in Japan but what it means is this is the drive axle for VEHICLES built in Japan . US built vehicles have a completely different axle and the 2 are not in any way interchangable . There is no spline on the transmission side of this axle . For a US built car you must have a spline on the axle.I ordered 2 of these and am now stuck with them . I ordered them months before I was able to do the work and now I am only eligible for a partial refund , b/c of the time lapse , and I would have to pay return shipping -LRB- 19 lb item ! -RRB- so I would get very little money back . I had to order 2 new ones -LRB- incidently at a cheaper price and they were delivered from a local supplier within 30 minutes -RRB- in order to do the work.DO YOUR HOMEWORK BEFORE ORDERING ! Or you could end up with very large and heavy paperweights ... like me .
 WHEN ORDERING IT WAS MY ASSUMPTION THAT THIS MANUAL COVERED ALL CHEVROLET ENGINE OVERHAULS . IT COVERS UP TO 1996 WITHOUT ANY YEAR INDICATED ON THE MANUAL -LRB- COVER -RRB- OR IN THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE WEB PAGE . ABOUT ONE HALF OF THE MANUAL IS DEDICATED TO BASIC GARAGE INFO AND NOT ABOUT ACTUAL REBUILDING OF AN ENGINE.THANK YOULARRY
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 I tried and tried to install this but the product but it would not fit my Toyota Sequoia . The thickness of the material prevented the hood from closing . The hood is very close to the top of the headlights so when you try to install this it would not allow the hood to close . I had to return it . I gave it 1 star because it looks really nice when you take it out of the box.Paul
 Looks like the right hose , but it is not tapped for 2 lines on the truck side . If your truck has 2 lines connecting to the hose on the truck side don ' ; t get this one get H620184 .
 If the lower part of your front strut mounts are n't broken , then I suggest reusing the old part . The upper coil seat/insulator that comes with this kit is a joke -LRB- i.e. , that rubber ring you see in the stock picture -RRB- . The insulator will allow the spring to rub into the metal mounts and is no where near sufficient to protect your springs or prevent metal-on-metal noise that will follow . I suggest using the toyota OEM rubber insulator that will wrap the upper half of your springs . Those OEM insulators are a beast and will last 10-20 + years .
 Purchased this based on a picture of the chevy in the add.I thought it would cover the front edge of my Titans hood.Hoping to hide chips with it and protect it from further damage.Only covered half of the desired space.Looks like a mini hood shield .
 What at first appeared to be a nicely built tool had a crude design on the cutting wheel mount . It was simply a screw threaded full length and undersized to the cutting wheel center hole . I used it once and the cutting wheel and screw threads were already damaged where the wheel tries to turn on the threads of the screw . They obviously know how to do it right because the two guide wheels were nicely mounted . So I do n't know why they did n't give the cutting wheel a nice mounting .
 this thing came with the 5th -LRB- blue -RRB- wire separated from the rest . sure it was connected at both ends but it was separate from the main bundle of other 4 wires which were molded together . what a horrible mess of a tangled up hairball ! useless !
 I used a small amount but the stuff just does not do much look who the verified purchasers are when looking at the reviews I would return the stuff if I could.really bad marks on the windshield and it was pretty much impossible to get rid of the smear marks it left on my windshield , like little bird tracks and no beading of water at all !
 I am a MASTER of glass rain repellent products because dirty windshields mixed with rain is not only an annoyance , but more importantly a HIGH factor of road safety . I 've developed this character due to UPS 's package car 's dirty windshields , the most dirtiest of them all . Impossible to see in the rain and there 's almost nothing a driver can do about it -LRB- products not allowed -RRB- . -LRB- Makes you think twice about rain safety around UPS vehicles . -RRB- Anyhow , I 've used various products on my own personal vehicle , and found that this one is the WORST when it comes to application time . It took me over 30min to apply and wipe off . It does not wipe on , buff clear , or off easily for it requires a `` firm , circular , overlapping '' motion . ` Firm ' is an understatement , for I had to use a little tooo much elbow grease if you ask me . For standard experimental purposes , I test in a completely shaded area as well as on a cool , completely clean of oil , grease , and grime free windshield . Follow every instruction , and you 'll find that it is extremely DIFFICULT and FRUSTRATING all throughout the gel process.Can be and is messy to work with . Get the gel on your hands and see how long it takes to wash off , not to mention if on the car 's paint , and after you 've washed it ! Yea , I know it means that rain will not wash it off easily , but it 's not worth the hassle . I have not driven in the rain to see if rain really `` repels off at 45mph '' but again , not worth the hassle . I have however , sprayed with the water hose -LRB- had to spray just to get the stubborn nasty oil like haze it leaves behind since it did n't leave `` smooth and sparkling '' with just a paper towel -RRB- and yes the product does work , but again , not worth the hassle.Fortune cookie say , `` It 's not worth strangling the chicken to get the egg '' . Could and would easily use another less frustrating , more cleaner , less difficult product to get the SAME results QUICKER . We are all pressed for time for time is money . I 'm sure that this product will not be on store shelves long for we all will see it 's not a good investment . BUYER BEWARE ; DO NOT BUY , GO WITH ANOTHER.UPDATE
 I purchased this to install on my 1989 Toyota 1-ton box truck -LRB- former uHaul -RRB- . I have installed a custom Reese-style Class III hitch that 's hidden behind the license plate . I needed a better option for the wiring than having it zip-tied to the bumper . This was PERFECT for me ! All I would have to do is drill a hole behind the license plate next to the hitch and install this.Unfortunately , what I received is n't what Amazon has pictured . The item I received is NOT flush mount , and actually protrudes out quite a bit . It 's not a `` grommet '' like pictured , and there 's only two small points of contact -LRB- 1/4 inch each -RRB- that will keep this from falling out.Don ' t waste your time or money .
 Just got a new 2008 Odyssey EX-L . Found this item on Amazon and it is listed as compatible with my car . Listed as being installed with Adhesive tape . When the item arrived , no tape in package . Item is wrong shape for 2008 hood . Listed 2005 and 2006 Honda models on package .
 This part does n't fit 2004 Toyota Matrix front wheel drive . It might fit the all-wheel drive model , but do not purchase this if you have the front wheel drive model
 Product arrived ahead of schedule and in good condition . I purchased this tailgate net because the `` product feature '' clearly states `` quick release clips for easy access to the truck bed '' , beware they are NOT included and appear to be sold as a separate accessory . I would have rated higher but the misinformation was disappointing .
 The german made horn is very loud . My brother purchase the german made horn a few years ago and he still has it in his truck . That 's why recently I decided to purchase one for my truck but I got the Indian made . The indian made horn still has the 500hz and 300hz tone however I was disappointed with the loudness and sound quality . It is about the same or a little louder than my truck 's factory horn but not as loud as the German made horn . The sound quality of the Indian made horn is a little broken while the German made horn has a solid sharp 300hz and 500hz loud tone . I have the same horn setup with my brother 's truck but his german made hella horn is way louder than mine . I envy my brother 's german made hella horn . However , if you have a car , then this indian made horn will definitely be louder than your car factory horn .
 purchased several years ago.pro
 Lousy DB output . I was told by a loacal 4-WHEEL OFF ROAD shop the Indian manufactured version is very poor quality -LRB- mine was made in India -RRB- , but the German made version is much better . When I complained to the web vendor -LRB- linked through Amazon -RRB- , they told me `` That is the way it is . If you do n't like it , call Hella '' . DON `` T BUY THIS PIECE OF INFERIOR JUNK . DB OUTPUT WAS LESS THAN THE OEM HORN FROM AUDI .
 Buyer beware !!!! regardless of the fact that the picture clearly shows the Hella horns with the Made in Germany label in the front , that is not what is sent !! I just received mine today and they are the crappy India ones , not the 118dB ones made in Germany.I would not buy from this company ever again
 Amazon sent me 2 300hz horns and when I received my package , it was clearly evident it was tampered with before it was packed in its box . Do n't buy from amazon .
 Not too hard to install , but did n't sound much louder than my oem Nissan horns and after two weeks one of the horns stopped working.Took them off and put back my original horns . Sixty dollars wasted.Can ' t say I 'd recommend them to anyone .
 -- Fogging Air Cleaner -- Pros
 This product failed to perform as advertised . The duct treatment spray nozzle leaks under the nozzle and wastes half the contents of the can . This is bad because the minuscule amount of product in the can is not near enough to do the job to begin with . The small amount of product that did get into the ducts worked for several days and then the duct odor returned . I contacted clean air about the problem multiple times and they never once responded . I contacted Amazon who had a local distributor send a replacement . The replacement can was depressurized on arrival and refused to deliver its contents at all . Amazon was contacted and they sent a credit . Do n't waste your money like I did .
 Just do n't waste your money on this . As a better answer , I buy a spray can of lysol which you may already have for the bathroom and spray liberally into the ducts , including the ac return under the passenger side dash -LRB- probably -RRB- . This kills the bacteria -LRB- and more -RRB- which is the cause of the odors . After spraying wait an hour then crank up the blower for the heat/ac or just fresh air and let it run while you wait a bit outside the car . You choose the flavor . Voila !
 Although this part was listed as fitting my car -LRB- 1990 Ford Mustang GT -RRB- , this fuel pump would not fit my car without modification . The screen was mounted in the wrong direction . It seemed as though all the components of the unit were all mounted in the opposite direction .
 We purchased two of this for our cars . Within 2 months , all the video remotes failed . Then the LEDs failed . Then the sensors failed . Then the video tranmissions failed . Beware of the carbon fiber look . They are not carbon fiber . Just cheap plastic , designed to look like carbon fiber . The remote 's fail so easily . Two of them also broke . This is not even handled by kids.You ca n't call the company for support . They will force you to call some retailer , which is next to imposisble to contact , and they charge a premium for replacing items even under warranty.The manufacturer do n't respect any warranty . They 're based in LA. . You try to contact them with e-mail and they just ignored us.We spend $ 800 + for both units and $ 200 installation charges of each of them . We could have just trashed $ 1000 into the waste basket.Don ' t be decieved by the cool look and hitech promises.The bad thing was that we put one of them on our most expensive/rare car and now we are forced to pull it out and trash it.Our Alarm installer , just warned us , saying the product is pretty flimsy and the components are not good . But we just took a chance on it and regret it.We just dont ' want others to make such mistake by it 's hitech looks . Even if it 's free , it 's not worth buying and then paying all the installation charges , just to rip it off and throw it away later.Do your research and go to your local/well known auto security/audio installation shop and get opinion on something good and reliable that will last .
 Might be a good product , ordered them , they sent the wrong ones , would not fit . Ordered again , they sent the same ones , they did n't fit . Will never buy HUSKY products again .
 Do not buy from dc sportsThey sent the wrong itemand try to make it mine or amazons faultI ordered this and they email me to not look at the description when you buy from themProduct InformationBrandDC SportsManufacturer Part NumberD42AHC6606_216054 ________________________________________ Product Description4-2-1 ONE PIECE , HEADER , CERAMIC COATED , CNC MANDREL BENDS WITH ROBOTICALLY-WELDED FITTINGS DELIVER PERFECT FIT , C.A.R.B. EXEMPT , INCLUDES COMPREHENSIVE INSTRUCTIONS AND ALL NECESSARY HARDWAREthis is their email responceThank you for your email.According to Amazon we were to ship DC Sports part number AHC6606 to you . Is this not what you received ? Please only confirm the part number . Do not look at the description , only the part number on the actual DC Sports box . We need to confirm this part number to verify if the mistake originated at our warehouse or with Amazon and their item description , which many times is incorrect . -- Please let us know if we can further assist you .
 I just purchased one of these from a local store . It burns the bottom and will not brown the top . Makes no difference which rack or what heat . It does not work . It 's going back .
 These dont fit a hummer . Thy seem to be very well made but we were unable to get them to fit
 I got this set of pads -LRB- fronts and backs -RRB- for my 2005 Audi TT Quattro - a vehicle that sees a lot of use -LRB- track and street -RRB- . I got new rotors at the same time . Did the bedding procedure , and drove around a bit - did n't like the feel at all - basically , it feels like it `` grabs and lets go slightly '' - almost as if you hit the brakes , and let off on the pedal a bit . I drove around for a week with them on , and could NOT stand that feeling . I ditched the set for some Ferodo pads - which are , perhaps , the best pads I 've used on this car . I 'll definitely PASS on the Hawk and go with Ferodo instead - they give you BITE when you ASK FOR IT , and do n't let up until you do.Ferodo part numbers
 I 'd love to give this stove a better rating . This was a great stove right up until the plastic cap on the regulator broke . The whole stove is made of stainless steel and brass , but a little cap on the regulator is plastic . What were they thinking ?? The cap breaking renders the stove useless . I do like the stove , so I have ordered a replacement regulator . Just be careful , and be protective of that little plastic cap . Also be aware that parts are not readily available . Coleman stove parts can be found in hardware and sports stores far more easily .
 It was great stove for about two years , until the last trip we took . The plastic cap on the regulator assembly broke and there are no replacement parts available.An old internet add , for the regulator , showed a price of $ 38.95 when it was available , and for an additional $ 10 you could buy a new Coleman product instead.Don ' t waste you money on Brinkmann products , they are inferior and in the end more costly . Lesson learned , buy a Coleman and accept no substitutes . This seems to be a common problem with these stoves and Brinkmann 's fix was to discontinue the product and abandon their customers .
 Stove has no capability to cook over a low flame . When you turn the burner on , the flame is IMMEDIATELY too high and too hot . Try to turn it down and the burner goes out . Would n't recommend this stove .
 i own the larger -LRB- costco ? -RRB- version of this stove , it has the same regulator mentioned in multiple reviews , with the same result , it self destructs with amazing speed ... while parts of this stove may be superior in other ways the regulator problems far out weigh any benefits ... save your money and buy something else , this product is inferior.buckfuffalo
 Honestly , I loved this stove for the two years that it worked.It provides more heat than my old trusty Coleman , but is n't as unweildy as the huge stove they sell at Costco.Then the plastic cap on the regulator broke . And Brinkmann is no help in getting it replaced.If all these guys make is equpment like this , you 'd think they would have a regulator that worked at least half as long as a Coleman . But nope - my coleman regulator still works fine after 25 + years.Too bad . It was a great stove for it 's very short lifespan . Still trying to get a new regulator though . Hope springs eternal .
 It slides across painted floors . It left an indellable mark on my garage floor .
 These ramps are not worth the money . They work ok if you can get your car on them . When I try to drive on the ramps with my F150 , they just slip on the concrete floor . They have a rubber plug that is designed to stop the slip but they just ripped out on me . I 'm going to try glueing the rubber plugs in and see how that works .
 I have a regular not too heavy honda accord . When trying to carefully drive up these ramps , they simply get pushed forward . I tried putting my foot on the break while accelerating , but still no luck . They seem to be too light to actually create friction between the floor and the ramps.The so called rubber feet dont work , they get simply pressed or torn after a just a couple of uses . The surface on these ramps is almost completely smooth , no traction whatsoever.You are better off buying the original old fashioned metal ramps . They never fail and are stronger and heavier . I found a couple of the metal ramps on craigs for a fraction of the cost , and in perfect condition.DO NOT BUY THESE !
 A top corner broke off of one of these ramps , rendering it dangerous . This happened because the ramp slipped and my car 's tire landed on the corner . These ramps slip easily , as other users have mentioned . They need to be redesigned with a stronger material and with something on the bottom to make them cling to the ground .
 Total waste of money . Just slides as you try to go up on it . May as some here say work ok with light cars with skinny tires . I dont know . But , I do know if you have wide tires and a heavy car forget it .
 Useless in my garage with my smooth cement floor . These things just slide forward right out from under my truck before I can even get half way up . They 're probably only going to work on asphalt or some other rough surface . Oh well . over-sized paperweights in my garage now .
 Tried to get a Ford Ranger pickup truck up on these ramps but the damn ramps kept slipping forward and the rubber grips kept coming off as a result of the slipping -LRB- this was inside a standard garage floor , not a ice ring or where it would be considered more slipperier than normal -LRB- just bare concerete flooring -RRB- . Could it be because the pickup truck is rear wheel drive ? Next I tried to get my front wheel drive Prius onto the ramp , the ramp did n't slip like my truck but if I slowed down as the Prius ' wheels got to the first level part of the ramps , the ramps would shoot backwards causing my Prius to slam back down to the ground . Worst was the ramps where now wedged under the Prius -LRB- did this for about 5 times and the last time I really felt like keeping the ramps wedged under the car and driving on the freeway to destroy the ramps and forget the mistake of a purchase I made ! -RRB- . I finally was able to get the Prius on the ramp by not slowing down but stopping in time before my Prius ' front wheels went over the lip , which by the way was cracked in multiple places as a result of being shot like a cannon under the car . How can a company sell junk like this ? I really think all the people that gave these ramps a positive review work for Blitz or are paid by them to give a good review because there was no way these ramps would work at all ! I bought these ramps based on the reviews and this is the first time I felt Amazon let me down -LRB- do they even verify if people actually bought these ramps because I ca n't see how anyone would give this ramp anything over 1 star ! -RRB- . Sticking to metal ramps , not cheap overpriced chuck of plastic !
 These things are not at all safe . They may work out on dirt , but if you try to use them on a concrete floor , raising the front of a rear wheel drive vehicle -LRB- or the rear of a front drive -RRB- , they shoot out from under the wheels and become lethal projectiles . One of them actually put a huge dent in the front of my Snap-On roll around and it would have surely shattered the ankle of anyone it had hit . I have a set of these plastic POS 's and wo n't even give them away for fear of them injuring someone . Go for a good set of welded angle iron ramps and stay FAR , FAR away from these killers .
 I purchased these ramps to perform service on my cars . Figuring that despite all the negative reviews I could make these work ! No such luck . These ramps are worse than useless , they are dangerous ! They ended up sliding around on the garage floor , and when I got one wheel up onto one of them it ended with an ominous looking bulge on its sides . They are sitting on the side of the house waiting for trash day to go where they belong !
 Having done my own oil changes on multiple occasions with different ramps , tools and conditions , I was n't expecting the horrid outcome I had with the Blitz Rhino Ramp 8000 . VERY FIRST time pulling the car up , both ramps flip out and suffer horrendous cracks now creating two absolutely useless piles of crap . No longer are they good for even holding up the lightest of cars seeing how their structural integrity is gone . What pisses me off even more is that with purchasing this from Amazon , I can no longer return these two ramps that were obviously molded improperly to begin with . Maybe others work as intended , but as far as I 'm concerned these are some of the worst ones you can purchase . They 're cheap for a reason and from now on , I 'll ONLY use metal ramps and I recommend you do as well .
 On the first use one of the ramps slid and broke . It was a small car and these things are suppose to be good for 8000 lbs ? Toyota Scion Xa 2005 . The problem with these is they are plastic and light weight . I followed the directions exactly . You would be much better off with metal steel ramps that have some weight to them at any price . These might work in level hard packed gravel ... but on a smooth level dry clean garage floor they slide too easy and are not safe .
 I own a Ford Crown Victoria , which is RWD . When I first tried to drive up these ramps , they slid -LRB- BTW , I did not ride the brakes during this attempt -RRB- . To keep them from sliding , I placed them against the curb . The second time I drove up the ramps , the plastic started to buckle . At the point where the ramps met the curb , the plastic bowed outwards . These ramps may have temporarily held the weight of my car , but I do n't believe they would last for long . When they finally fail under pressure , someone is going to get seriously hurt . From now on , I will only use steel vehicle ramps . Plastic is not a very good load-bearing material .
 I have a 2005 Infiniti G35 Coupe with the sport suspension and 19 wheels first of all those that have said great for cars with low ground clearance i dont know what cars they are driving that they consider low ground clearance the sport suspension and 19s come factory on my car and i couldnt clear it going forward . However if i need to lift the back end off the ground yea they work fine but as another person mentioned the tires will slip on them i spun up the rear tires a little when lifting the back up and that was when they were new i cant imagine after repeated use . All in all a waste of money just spend the money where it should be spent in a proper floor jack and jack stands and do it right the first time instead of trying to cut corners and do it quick and the lazy way .
 The base of the ramp collapsed . glad I double checked before I got under the car . It did not slide , but just collapsed ... . This is not funny ... . Do not use this POS ...
 Blitz Ramps are Dangerous ! 1 out of 5 ratingBlitz Ramps are DANGEROUS ... 06/27/2011I am writing this review because I have found that the Blitz Power Ramps are DANGEROUS and I feel it is my obligation to prevent someone from possible serious injury.I bought these Blitz Ramps a few days ago and have tried them on a couple of vehicles . I have tried them on blacktop and on asphalt . On all trials they have failed miserably . Before I used them for the first time I completely read all the instructions and I had a spotter.The very first time I used them I was trying to drive my Mustang up the ramps so I could change the oil . The ramps shot-out from under my front wheels and traveled about 5 feet . One of them struck my spotter in the lower leg causing a nice bruise . I thought that I must have done something wrong . I noticed that the rubber feet had come off and were lying under my vehicle . I place the rubber feet back on and had my spotter stand far off to the side and tried it again . The same issue occurred . I tried going up the ramps ultra slow , no success . I tried a bit faster , no success . I moved them to asphalt , no improvement.It is obvious that the coefficient of friction is too low to keep these ramps in place . They should have glued in these rubber footings and had them all around the ramp . However , my story becomes more troubling ... After trying these ramps on my car and on my truck , it was painfully clear that there is a design problem . I called BLITZ . It took several days to get in touch with them because their phone system was `` malfunctioning '' , according to Monica in customer service.Monica in customer service was well aware of the problem and suggested that I use `` hot glue '' to affix the rubber footings into the ramp . I asked her if BLITZ knew about this , why they did not correct this before shipping ? I then stated that even if I did affix the footing with glue there was only one per ramp and the ramp should have them on all edges to prevent from sliding . She stated that there have been other who have complained and suggested that I purchase different ramps that would `` make me happy '' . What ? Are you kidding me?I brought-up the safety issue and how my spotter was struck by the ramp . She asked what I wanted her to do about it . I stated that I wanted them to make these SAFE ! She stated that my concerns would be noted . She was not willing to allow me to talk to a manager , or have someone call me back . She stated that they noted my concern and that was all they could do to help me.What a joke . I felt compelled to contact the district manager where I bought these because I know that they would not want to any of its customers to be injured.Be careful if you are using these around children . In fact , I would not use these ramps , period!Take care , Jack Vegas
 Unfortunately I thought it was a good price and free shipping , but not the case . Found same ramps at local auto parts store cheaper . Even with sales tax I would have saved a few dollars .
 I decided to delete this product from my Wishlist . I was planning to use these with a BMW 335i i.e. a low car , but reading how these got wedged under a car , most likely damaging the side rocker panels , I was no longer in the mood to buy these not to mention the `` projectile '' issue . Thanks but no , thanksI will get conventional metal ramps .
 As a woman who has an emergency kit and has had to use it - I 'm grossly offended by this package . An emergency kit should have flares , jumper cables , a first aid kit - things you can actually use to get yourself out of an emergent situation . Not chocolate , a nail file and breath freshener -LRB- All the things young women might need to prepare themselves for when someone else strolls by to rescue them -RRB- . I own pink apollo tool kit - I have no problem `` girlifying '' things - but if you 're going to call it an emergency roadside kit - it should actually be able to help you in an emergency not point out how your ovaries and lack of self-esteem should render you useless .
 it says deliverd to front door but i havent see it and none of my family has where is my item
 not enough clearance to mount without a little grinding near the lower shock eye , easy enough to do but a extra step in mounting
 Great price , but it has no power and is n't worth the price .
 Cheap construction and comes wirh a motor not strong enough for the big noise it makes . Got broken in a couple of weeks . Do n't buy from the manufacturer who allows this kind of junk wearing its name .
 blocks by themselves do not make a `` kit '' . also 21/2 '' wide blocks do n't fit properly with 3 '' wide springs , poor description and application
 This company should be sued for advertising a product and dosent send whats advertised . I did not receive u bolts , only blocks . I will not recommend this company .
 I purchased the 5 '' lifting block thinking they were sold as the picture shown , with the blocks and U-bolts and nuts . I was only sent the blocks . The wording in the ad is for 5 '' blocks , but is shown with U-botls and nuts as a complete package . Very misleading!j.singer
 i ordered a specific product for a specific vehicle , the part for sale was for my vehicle , however when i received the product , it was for another make of vehicle altogether , when i called amazon , they had no idea what to say , except to try and send it back before the 10 days alotted for a wrong product , i did not open the product before 4 or 5 days were already up , so , now i payed for and am stuck with something that was falsly advertised ! i will not order through amazon again , and i have let others know that i received no help what-so-ever !
 I ordered this item more than a month ago and have heard from Amazon , but not the vendor , that the item is temporarily unavailable . Fine , but all this time the page says `` In Stock . `` If it 's not in stock , be honest and admit it . -LRB- The form required me to rate the item , but since I have n't received it yet , please ignore the rating . -RRB-
 Like Mr. Brophy -LRB- other reviewer -RRB- , I noted the photo and description for this item do not match . If you type in `` Lisle 57900 Serpentine Belt Tool '' in the Amazon search bar , you will get this item and another one sold by Pro Tool Shed . The photo for the Pro Tool Shed item is the correct one-though the price is about $ 6 higher . I called Amazon customer service to inform them and hopefully get the discrepancy corrected . I am a Prime customer , so the lower price and shipping are what I 'm after ... I crossed my fingers and ordered it here-hopefully I 'll end with the right item .
 doenst fit v6 . amazon parts finder incorrect . dont buy for v6 or you will have to send it back . only 5 wires in the kit . sent back
 I have Nissan Xterra SE v6 , the site said it fit for my X , but when it came , only for L4 , not V6 , had to return it .
 I 'm upset at amazon for this one . labeled for rear but this is for the front . Part number from ventshade states rear . Not worth the time or stress to return . one of the few times I 'm upset with the amazon product description not living up to the product .
 The product says it fits my 2012 Toyota truck but it does n't . I broke it trying to put it on so I ca n't return it . Double check with mfg before purchasing
 These deflectors did n't even come close to fitting my 2006 Toyota Tacoma . I read the instructions carefully and they simply do not come close to fitting . Whatever vehicle these were made to fit , it 's not a 2006 Toyota Tacoma .
 I ordered this spring compressor to be the `` last word '' in doing springs on several of my cars . The intent was to avoid fussing around with the low quality , foot fitting , dangerous Harbor Freight tools . Thus , the premium price that I was willing to pay.When I went to use the tool , I discovered it had a manufacturing defect that made the tool completely unusable
 These pedals are very cheap toy-like plastic look . There are plenty of nuts N bolts N metal available at your disposal . I would spend a little more and get better looking pedal covers . These were my first pedal covers but I got a better ones and it makes a big different .
 I should have gone with my instincts and purchased the ones that attached to the outside . They arrived very quickly and since it was a nice sunny warm day , what better time to install . I set one into the window channel and left the protective cover on the tape so I could remove it . Pushed the button on the window watched it go up and enter the upper channel and at that point noticed the extra struggle that it took to close . Right away I knew this was not going to work and decided not to install then on the inside . Upon inspecting the Ventshade I noticed it already had a small crack in it from one window closure . I 'm more upset with the manufacture selling these to work as indicated . I have a 2002 Tundra and you would think an older vehicle it work best due to extra clearance , not so.I opted to remove the tape and installed new tape on the opposite side and installed on the surface . Had to trim one end to fit but they are installed . This will be the last product that I will purchase from Auto Ventshade .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 If you have never been to north east PA it is an experience . They roll that sidewalks up at noon . Napa and Car Quest . Both closed by 1:00 PM on Saturday . At 1:45 PM or so I find I have one spark plug that should have never made it into a box . Weld slag in the threads , making it virtually unusable . Nice because I have to drive near an hour to get a set of spark plugs . Even if these plugs do what they claim it does n't matter if you ca n't install them without damaging the threads in your motor . Why buy expensive plugs from china when they ca n't even look at them before they put them in the box ?
 these might work in older cars but if you have a newer one then do n't waste your money since I tried them an the only thing they did is mess up the the whole brain that could n't define the plugs . the car ran but misfired and burned more fuel so had to put back old plug and have the dealer recode the car
 These spark plugs worked for about 3 weeks - then I started getting a Check Engine light with a DTC of `` Multiple/Random Cylinder Misfires '' . I was also noticing real rough idling . I thought I had bought bad gas but the problem did n't clear up after several tanks of gas and a bottle of injector cleaner.I replaced the E3 spark plugs with Bosch Platinum +2 sparkplugs and my truck is happy . I cleared the DTC and tried to make the engine misfire -LRB- rapid acceleration , climbing hills , etc -RRB- and could n't do it.No more E3 sparkplugs for my truck !
 Like the title says `` DO NOT USE THESE IN A REAL CAR !!! '' or any vehicle you expect to be driving . Read the reviews , do not make the mistake I made in listening to recommendations from auto parts dealers , they get paid to sell the product , not use it.I purchased a set of 6 for my 2008 Saturn Outlook , since I could not get the ACDelco 's from AutoZone , this was a very big and costly mistake !! First off , after installation , I had immediate misfiring , I checked my work , -LRB- I 'm a seasoned home mechanic with significant work on Honda , Toyota , BMW , GM , and Ford -RRB- rechecked the torque ; 13lbs just like the dealer stated , checked the GAP clearance , since you can not modify these without causing some damage , I had to trust it to be true , however I found 3 of the 6 slightly off .044 the variance was not outside the tolerance for GM . Started her back up , misfiring , now worse than before , now the check engine light -LRB- CEL -RRB- is flashing , and I had the most awful rattling going on , almost the sound of a bent valve . I let the engine cool for 15 minutes , then began removing these E3 's guess what ? I remove the plug in cylinder # 2 cracked , # 4 cracked , # 6 cracked , # 1 cracked , # 3 cracked , # 5 cracked , ALL of these E3 plugs cracked . That rattling noise was a piece of porcelain dancing around scratching up my cylinder walls . Checked my ECU codes
 First off , Im an ASE certified technician . I installed a set of these in a 94 saturn SL1 . It ran well for a few thousand miles and then began missing . Plug # 3 had a crack in the porcelain . I replaced all 4 with AC Delco 's and it ran great . I had also installed these E3 's in a 05 Grand Prix and had the same problem with porcelain cracking after a few thousand miles . These plugs are a good idea but simply do n't hold up . I guess I 'll stick with what works .
 I bought these plugs for a 1999 Chev Tahoe with 167,000 miles on it after seeing seeing Stacey David repeatedly tout this product . I bought a set of these and installed along with new cap , rotor & plug wires . After installing I started reading bad reviews on these plugs . Everything from misfires to burning holes in pistons . Well , after 1750 miles , I started getting a rough idle which got progressively worse . I put an OBD II scan tool on and got a code of PO306 - Misfire on cylinder 6 . I went to a local auto parts store and bought 1 NGK G-Platinum plug . After installting and clearing the code , the problem went away . The guy at the auto parts store said he did the same thing I did and installed a set of E3 's in his truck . He had the exact same thing happen . After a few miles , they start misfiring . He pulled them all out and replaced them with NGK 's and has n't had a problem since.So save your money and do n't fall for the latest fad like I did . Stacey David and guys like him are not touting these products because they believe in them . They do it because they are paid to say it . This plug is the worst thing to put in your engine . I 'm damn lucky it ended up being only a misfire and not a hole in the piston .
 I read reviews on these plugs after I bought them -LRB- too late -RRB- . I bought them on the recommendation of a parts guy at an automotive store . I put a set of E3 spark Plugs is a 2006 Kia Spectra 2.0 litre engine at 55K miles . At first I was pleased with them . I seemed to have better torque off the line and my fuel economy was good . Eight months later and about 10K miles and my engine was coughing and sputtering under moderate acceleration mostly in 4th or 5th gear . It progressively got worse and my fuel economy seemed to dip a bit although the engine ran fine under heavy acceleration and at highway speeds . I just replaced them with NGK G-Power Platinum Alloy plugs which are mid level plugs , nothing fancy . The difference is night and day . The smoothness and fluid acceleration I did n't even know I was missing is back and my car purrs . I really wanted to believe in these plugs but they were a waste of money . Go with the OEM spec plugs and change them more often than the 100K they say you can go and you will be good to go .
 yeah tryed them service light came on and loss power put the old plugs back in that had 50,000 miles on them and it fixed it no service light returned for a refund and all I got back was $ 5.95 back wow what a deal , , I would not put them in my lawn motor thanks E3 plugs
 About two months ago , I purchased these E3 spark plugs from a local shop per their suggestion for standard interval replacement . The clerk advised me that the E3 plugs are the new highness . I got the exact ones that I needed . There was no doubt about it . They did not have the NGK Iridiums that I usually use in my supercharged vehicle so I decided to give them a shot . What was the worse that could happen ? They were excellent for a few months!Well , I 'll tell ya ! When I started up my car yesterday I notice that Idle was extremely rough . Cylinder 4 started missing like crazy and it was basically not drivable . Fearing the worse , I put her back in the garage . I had to catch a ride to work . When I got home I decided to check the plugs and none of them seemed to have anything wrong with them . I put them back in tightly and tried again just to make sure one of them did n't get loose . The rough idle and missfiring continued . I took them out and put my OLD , dirty , busted up , trashed NGK plugs back in and viola , no misfire and the engine was running super smooth and strong again.I do n't understand what went wrong with these plugs but I know that I will NOT be using E3 plugs ever again . I usually give the benefit of the doubt with things as I know that the potential for manufacturing defects is always there but with spark plugs , I 'm not taking that chance ! I have NEVER had a problem with ANY NGK plug that I have EVER used . I use them in my cars , bikes , mowers and trimmers . NO problems.I 'm going to now buy two sets of NGKs for my car and will always keep a set handy . That 's the smart thing to do . Live and learn !
 Purchased these and installed 6 months ago . Already had one foul within 12,000 miles . I did not see a sufficient improvement in gas mileage and I do track fuel usage . I am sure it may improve gas mileage but for the fact they foul prematurely and the time it takes to replace it is not worth it .
 Like the title says `` DO NOT USE THESE IN A REAL CAR !!! '' or any vehicle you expect to be driving . Read the reviews , do not make the mistake I made in listening to recommendations from auto parts dealers , they get paid to sell the product , not use it.I purchased a set of 6 for my 2008 Saturn Outlook , since I could not get the ACDelco 's from AutoZone , this was a very big and costly mistake !! First off , after installation , I had immediate misfiring , I checked my work , -LRB- I 'm a seasoned home mechanic with significant work on Honda , Toyota , BMW , GM , and Ford -RRB- rechecked the torque ; 13lbs just like the dealer stated , checked the GAP clearance , since you can not modify these without causing some damage , I had to trust it to be true , however I found 3 of the 6 slightly off .044 the variance was not outside the tolerance for GM . Started her back up , misfiring , now worse than before , now the check engine light -LRB- CEL -RRB- is flashing , and I had the most awful rattling going on , almost the sound of a bent valve . I let the engine cool for 15 minutes , then began removing these E3 's guess what ? I remove the plug in cylinder # 2 cracked , # 4 cracked , # 6 cracked , # 1 cracked , # 3 cracked , # 5 cracked , ALL of these E3 plugs cracked . That rattling noise was a piece of porcelain dancing around scratching up my cylinder walls . Checked my ECU codes
 I bought a set of these for my 2005 PT Cruiser GT Turbo and paid $ 8.95 per plug . The plugs seemed to producemore power , yet made my car miss BIG time . There was a stumbling that was not there before the E3 's . Ended up replacing the E3 's with stock plugs and that took care of the missing/stumbling . Thankfully , the company refunded me for the plugs . `` If it sounds too good to be true it probably is '' Better mileage ? More power ? Big mistake buying the E3 's .
 I believed the hype for these E3 plugs and installed them on my 1998 4x4 Tahoe Sport . Immediately upon starting it , I could tell it was missing . I retraced all of the wires to make sure I did not switch anything because I believed there was no way the new plugs could be the cause . The OBD II error codes I was getting was P0300 for random multiple misfire , P0305 for Cylinder 5 misfire , and P0135 for an O2 Sensor malfunction.Before doing anything else , I happened to type in `` E3 spark plug Tahoe problems '' into Google . My research showed for every one person whose mileage improved , there were 10-15 people who had catastrophic issues . Even the ones which worked only lasted for a short time before throwing OBD-II error codes . I pulled the plug from cylinder 5 and it was wet with gas . I pulled all of the E3 plugs and replaced with original . Started up and purred like a kitten again.Web searching showed many people said to stick with AC Delco plugs and others said the Bosch Platinum +4 were the ones to try so I returned the e3 's and purchased those . Definitely do n't waste your valuable time or money on E3 plugs ... if I could have given it negative stars I would have . Buyers beware !!!
 I was very anxious to try these spark plugs after several recommendations . At first they where great . My truck started easier , ran smoother and even got better fuel economy like they advertise . I have a 2006 GMC Seirra and I got an average of over 20 mpg for the first time ever . I was really happy . BUT ... With less than 5000 miles my truck started running poorer and poorer untill it could n't even get up into my driveway . I had already given my truck a full tune up and I could not find the problem . I had my truck put on a flatbed and towed to the dealership . After about 10 minutes they pulled the spark plugs out and showed me my plugs that where clearly fouled . I did n't think to check them because they where new and the truck had ran so good with them at first . 5000 miles is way too short of a lifespan . The Tech at the Dealership was n't surprised at all . He said that when he saw that the plugs where E3 's , he decided that was the first thing he would check . All the plugs where fouled , not just one or two . I triple checked on E3 's website to make sure that I had the right plugs for my truck and even checked the gap which was correct , which the way the plug is designed you ca n't change the gap anyway . My truck has OEM ACDelco 's back in it and it runs fine . Save yourself some headaches and skip these .
 Purchased these plugs for my silverado 6.0 LThey ran good for a couple of days then misfired every timeFinally , replaced with bosch plugs and no more problems
 I put the plugs in 6 mos ago , truck ran great for a while then one morning , check engine light and a BAD misfire . Plugs only had @ 5k miles on them . Replaced them with AC delco plugs and problem is gone . From what I have read , mine is not an isolated incident .04 Silverado 5.3 L.
 Put a set of E3 's in my Ford explorer . Started throwing a bad cam sensor error code . Replaced the cam sensor and servo , same error code . Replaced the plugs with the Accel 's that were in there before and no more error code . The E3 's are apparently not insulated properly -LRB- which may be why so many complain about failure -RRB- and they can and do put out stray radio frequencies that the computer can not understand . Would n't waste my money on E3 's .
 I saw these plugs advertised on the show Gearz TV . The claim was improved gas mileage over standard plugs . Maybe so but I could n't run them long enough to find out . One of the plugs fouled out in about 2 weeks and according to the markings on the ceramics on the business end of the plugs , a second one was well on its way to fouling out . I had a ASE Certified Master Mechanic check my truck after it started running ruff and his computer identified the bad plug . We changed them out and went back to the AC plugs and all is well . The only bad thing is I had to send them back to Amazon and only got $ 38 of my original $ 48 purchase back and that is after I had to pay a mechanic $ 50 for a diagnoses and another $ 60 for the AC plugs and installation . `` Live and learn ! '' . rc
 More power ... better fuel economy ... big promises . I thought nothing of there being a problem , because some guy from a horsepower type television show reviewed them on video and showed that they increased the hp/fuel economy using some kind of vehicle performance program with them in a already high hp car . I was excited to see what they would do for my 1999 Pontiac Firebird 3.8 L V6 ! After hours of my brother installing them being that Pontiac obviously did n't want anyone replacing their spark plugs easily on this car , we found that it made the engine misfire , and the check engine light came on . There may have been a power increase , but all I noticed was the misfire and my displeasure in the results . I was pissed to say the least . I drove the car using slow acceleration for the next few days being that that seemed to keep it from misfiring ... mainly misfire at high revs think anything over 3k rpms . My brother took out the E3s finally and replaced them with AC Delcos . Car runs awesome now ! I should 've read all these reviews before I purchased the E3s ... still waiting on my refund from E3 themselves .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 I was replacing the original plugs that came new with the vehicle . The old plugs were in for over 135,000 miles and were well past due to be replaced . My fuel mileage has been slowly getting worse and has dropped almost 5 mpg since the vehicle was new , so I was hopeful that putting new plugs in would increase the fuel mileage . After installing there was only a .5 mpg change in my fuel mileage . After checking with the E3 spark plug website , I found out that I was sold the wrong plugs for my vehicle . I was sold the same plug but in 1 heat range hotter than my vehicle should be using . The acceleration is sluggish and the vehicle has to kick out of overdrive just to get over minor inclines at highway speeds when it never would before . I ca n't say that I am happy with this product at all
 THIS IS THE WORST PRODUT OUT THERE ! THEY DO NOT BACK THEIR PRODUCT . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!STAY WITH A REGULAR PLUG . AT $ 6.00 A PLUG IT IS A RIPOFF !
 Hi if you are consindering changing to this plug please dont they are junk , they caused missfire , blew out a plug boot and cost me $ 179.00 to find this problem . I contacted E3 they said it was not caused by their plug . I had AC delco plugs installed and have no problems . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY THEY STINK . The warrenty just covered the cost of the plugs I am out almost $ 200.00 .
 Did a tune-up on my 2000 silverado 5.3 l. Bought new E3 plugs and accel 9000 wires -LRB- not cheap -RRB- . Had emission problems and missing . Repair shop said it was the plugs and wires . The Accel 9000 wires with the e3 plugs were causing the problem . 400 + dollars later with the proper plugs and quality wires , it runs perfectly . Do n't buy this garbage .
 I bought these from my local autozone to replace my old Denzo plugs in my 08 Saturn Outlook . The autozone guy said they were better than the denzos and would produce varied gas mileage over new Denzo plugs . Being a car guy , I usually go with what I know and buy brands that are reputable ; in this case I said what the heck I 'll give them a try , big mistake!After replacing the plugs and setting them to the proper manufacture torque , I start the vehicle , runs fine purs like a kitten , ildles high as all outlooks do . Then , once the idle settles at 750-800 , I kept getting stutter and hesitation . No check engine light , so I scan it with my Craftsman OBD2 scanner ... code P0301 misfire cylinder 1 ! To make this short ; I removed these plugs one by one only to find all but one cracked . Yes the porcelain was cracked around the top and in some cases the entire diode was bent . I thought I just over tightened then till I googled the situation . There are many reports of these plugs either being defective out the box or crapping out under 30k miles . I just wish I had done my homework first , these plugs have a quality control issue , you are playing roulette buying them and I 'd steer clear of them ! The company along with some random others promote these plugs as having produced HP gains of 8hp , and 5lbs torque , and distances of 100k miles or more , however they lasted all of 10 minutes in my truck .
 Read the reviews and gave these a try . Worst than the old ones I have . Took longer to start up my Saab .
 CHECK WITH YOUR DEALER TO SEE IF PLUGS ARE RECOMMENDED FOR YOUR VEHICLE ... I put a set in my 09 wrangler , drove from Kentucky to Florida . At approximately 600 miles the jeep started missing , at 700 it was missing and back firing , we stopped for the night . We took it to a jeep dealer the next morning , they put it on the computer and told me one plug was dead and three were breaking down . Also the plugs were not recommended by Dodge and should not have been installed , as a result the warranty did not cover repairs.I had to pay $ 197.00 for diagnostics and new plugs , then on the way back to Kentucky the check engine light came on , back to Dodge dealer , because of the back firing , I had to replace EGR valve and PCV valve also not covered by wrranty , $ 572.00 . both dealers said the E-3 plugs because of the firing/spark design the computer sent the wrong firing command and the plugs did not work right , the back firing killed the EGR and PCV . In my opinion if you have a late model Jeep you should not use this plug under any circumstances .
 1992 gmc pickup failed emissions test in Georgia . Installed E3 plugs and it failed emissions test even worse . Save your money .
 Plug did what it was supposed to . With this means work like any normal spark plug . I am by no means supporting any of their claims of more mpg , more power and so on . Just bought it as a spark plug with long life span.But 100k ?? - No way!I have 30k on mine and I took one out to check the condition . The electrode is worn down , round and with an electrode gap just screaming `` Change me ! `` Condition of electrode looks very similar to any standard plug past due on changing interval .1 star because life span less than a third of advertised . I should have changed these out 10k ago by looking at them , which would give them 20 % life span of advertised .
 Bought this to remove an inner tie rod on my wife 's vehicle because it included the 11/2 '' adapter I needed . Unfortunately the fit was so sloppy and my tie rod was so tight that this tool just slipped whenever I exerted enough force to loosen the tie rod . This tool was useless to me .
 i have n't used it yet . i hope it will work nice for me when i start using it however have a nice holiday
 I bought one but could not use it znc had to return it . It requires another tool attached to the end of it to be used . Ordinary wrenches will do the same job .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 Great brand name , lousy ride for 2003 Kia Rio . If you want a more comfortable ride do not purchase if you have a 2003 Kia Rio . Does not smooth over bumps in the road at all . It it just above having no struts at all . Bumps jar you in your seat . Wish I had bought something else but went with a brand name instead . I counted on their reputation . If these struts have a break in period and ride comfortably afterwards then I will re-post this review . Have put over one thousand miles on them so far .
 To my displeasure when I got the bottle it was brand new and empty . It must have been a manufacture thing , but I wasted my money . Be carefully buying this product .
 Works too good at keeping the factory tank full . The backflow valve does n't work worth a crap ... I have to shut off the tank to keep it from overflowing the truck tank .
 While an excellent idea it will not work on a 2011 f 250 . fuel will leak from factory tank while on the road or static . i can only speak for the my pickup . i am sure their are those with similar problems that have never said anything . do yourself a favor spend the extra money and buy a pump .
 Easy to install , over filled my primary tank to the point when i opened up the primary tank cap fuel came gushing out . I went ahead and installed a elec. 3 way valve that uses gravity . Now it works great
 I installed these , after they arrived in record time -LRB- a minor plus -RRB- and on the first day after I decided to go for a drive and attempted to use the handle to stabilize my entry into the Jeep . I have recently undergone shoulder surgery so the added assistance was going to be a big plus . Unfortunately , to my great surprise , the handle BROKE ! Yes , the stitching came completely undone and the handle came off in my hand . I did not even apply 1/4 of my body weight onto the strap , I only used it as I was seated and attempting to position myself properly in the seat . I never had this problem with the other straps that were previously installed . Very disappointed !!
 I really like these and I thought they would be part of my Jeep for life of the vehicle ... ha.I live in the Arizona Desert so maybe this wo n't affect you as much but over the period of only 10 months the straps went from heavy woven material to DUST.Both fell off of their own volition -LRB- had one for driver side and one for passenger -RRB- . This is not the kind of strength I was hoping for !! The rubber gooshy hand strap cushions were still good -LRB- go figure ! -RRB- but all the webbing has turned to dust.I do n't plan to purchase any additional products from these guys as I continue to live in the desert where there is more sun than the product can handle .
 CAUTION ! I recieved a pair of these grab bars and installed them on my new Jeep . On the first entry the stitching released on one end and the thing came apart . Could have caused an injury accident . Made in China . Based on my experience I think these things are dangerous and should not be sold at all . I returned mine .
 These are easy to install and comfortable to grip . However , my friend who is around 200 lbs grabbed hold when trying to jump in the Jeep . The stitching gave way and he fell right on his butt.You get what you pay for I guess and I got a laugh , but I do n't think I 'd buy them again .
 Spend the extra 15 bucks and get yourself a better pair . These are pretty cheap looking . They look like they came out of the dollar store . I still have em on but one of them I had to cut cause it was too long . When I cut it I just screwed up the whole item . Really try not to use them cause they do n't look to trusting .
 These Rampage Grab Handles are nearly worthless for passenger assistance to enter the vehicle . The velcro is unsafe and insufficient to hold the weight of passengers attempting to pull themselves up into the Jeep . These were purchased to assist elderly females and I would not dare allow them to attempt to use them for fear of the velcro disengaging and the frail women falling and breaking something.Additionally , the grab handles are not as pictured on the web site . On the web site , they appear to be similar to JEEP brand grab handles but they are not . These Rampage handles have a vinyl-like flap that must be shimmied between the roll bar and body of the Jeep and then the velcro strips must be wrapped around but the strips overlapped part of the vinyl/material creating an even less secure bond . They appear cheaply made and are not pleasing to look at ; they are so bad , I could not give them away.The correct picture of the Rampage Grab Handles that I received may be seen here : http://www.amazon.com/Rampage-R769301-Deluxe-Roll-Handles/dp/B000FPY2MW/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1336032434&sr;=8-2I own two JEEP brand handles and will order two more for the secure transport of my elderly passengers .
 I ordered those handle bars because of the price and let me tell you , never again will I go cheap on parts for my wrangler . they look and feel cheap , would n't order them again . very disappointed . price is okay I guess , but not worth it .
 These shields do keep more brake dust off the wheels , but they still cause heat buildup .
 Even though it listed by the manufacturer for Dodge Caravan , it really is n't the right size . Double triple checks before you order .
 Installed these on my VW camper when I installed new rotors because they were the only ones I could find locally , and the brakes started making a really loud scraping sound . Thought there was something caught in between the rotor and pads . I finally ordered some different pads -LRB- last ATE pads for this vehicle available on amazon -RRB- . There is not anymore loud scraping sound from the brakes.Thermo Quiet are also not very good at stopping the vehicle ; they have about half the stopping power of the brakes I am used to .
 I guess you get what you paid for . To me it 's not worth it . Maybe it 's a different story for the more expensive ones . This one covers the speakers that are on the dashboard . They 're not cut-out or pre-cut . Do n't believe them when they say `` it wo n't make any difference '' coz ' IT DOES . The highs -LRB- tweeters -RRB- are literally being covered and nowhere for the sound to come out ...
 The product looks ok but did not do the job I needed so I installed them and then took them off the car . Did not give enough camber for my use .
 It matches my car but the problem was , it wo n't stick to my car . I followed the instructions as indicated but it just wo n't stick . Overall it served the purposed on to my car .
 I purchased these floor mats based on the picture Amazon has posted and received them today . They are not the same mats in the picture !!! The model number 52011 is what I received and when I went to Huskyliners.com and discovered that the model numbers match the item that I received but it 's not what I thought I was buying . Now I have to contact Amazon and try to get this fixed . What a real dissapointment and a royal pain in the arse ! I would rate the quality of the product as 5 star , excellent which is why I took the time , made an effeort to buy American but Amazon has some explaining to do.Buyer beware !
 The steering wheel cover shipped quickly . When I went to put it on my steering wheel , it all broke apart . It was dry rotted . Pretty disappointing , but they were quick to refund .
 The packaging for this car adapter says that it will convert 5 volts . It doese n't . There is no 5 volt adapter included .
 Both packaging and description say this converts to 5v -LRB- used by satellite radios , among other devices -RRB- . This is false -- the dial goes from 4.5 to 6 with no step in between . In addition , none of the included plugs actually fit my radio -LRB- which may or may not be the manufacturer 's fault but is annoying either way -RRB- .
 I received the wrong size trailer ball with the hitch twice from Amazon . And - the second unit they sent me was clearly used -LRB- it had rust on it -RRB- . So this was a very frustrating experience for me because I was unable to trailer my boat anywhere for a few weeks and was not able to take my family fishing over the 4th . Amazon was not willing to try a 3rd time so I returned both units and ordered from another on line retailer . They , fortunately , were able to send me the proper size trailer ball the first time .
 If you order this you will get a 2 inch ball not the 1-7/8 . 21543 is the part number for a two inch ball starter kit .
 Please dont make the same I did if you want a new grille avoid T-RexI bought a black grille for my dodge charger and have had nothing but problems.The first problem I had was it took 3weeks for them to send it to me I sent email after email and the didnt respond.There customer is disgracefulThe next problem was I took the grille to a shop the shop said they couldnt put the grill on because the screws were stripped.T-Rex said they were having that problem with a lot of there grille and they wanted me to send it back to them.Now if your company knows about a problem why keep selling it until the problem is solved.I had to pay 40 dollars to send it back to them on top of the 400 I orginally spent . They refuse to give me a refund and I have been waiting 3WEEKS for a new one to be sent out . DO NOT BUY FROM TREX
 installed 6 plugs in august of 2011 by november of 2012 all six plugs failed and had to replace all 6 . Dealership said these plugs are not right for my car but your site said they were . last time i by this type of product from you because of wrong information your site gave .
 I put 6 of these into two different Blazers . A 1999 and a 2001 , both with the Trailblazer trim package . After 6 months of use , both engines have seen a significant decrease in fuel efficiency , losing an average of 3mpg . That 's a 15 % drop in fuel economy . I 've since learned these plugs do not do well in GM engines in general and Chevys in particular . I will be replacing them all this weekend with stock platinum AC Delco plugs.Do yourself a favor . If you are considering these plugs , do a little research first and make sure you are going to get out of them what you hope . I did n't and now I 'm paying for it.I am not saying these are inherently bad plugs . It 's just that these plugs do n't perform well in my application .
 These spark plugs may be a clever implementation of an old idea , but they do n't get along with my Ford Explorer . Immediately after installing these , the engine began to misfire at 1500-2000 RPM no load and at very light load -LRB- 30MPH in 5th gear -RRB- . Misfire city . Fine under load , so they were not cracked . Hundreds of misfires on the OBD2 counter . Searching the internet revealed I was not the only one having problems with bosch plugs in explorers . Just to be sure , I also cleaned the MAF sensor and checked for vacuum leaks . Replacing these with autolite APP103 cured the misfire . I suspect the `` no gap required '' is not a hot enough spark . Avoid these in a ford explorer . I had to give a rating - 0 stars is more appropriate . I wish I could return them .
 Well , I evidentally expected this product to come with the mounting screw and perhaps a piece of paper to show the best location to mount this . Instead , all you get is a plastic truck bracket .
 I was not very pleased with the bracket . Mounting screws should have been included for the price paid . I do n't like the clips on the top of the bracket , would have been more pleased with predrilled holes for mounting plate to bracket . By using the pilot holes on the bumper of the Dakota , the bracket sticks out too far and is tilted upward . This bracket does not come close to being satisfactory . As far as delivery , delivery was fast , and I was pleased with that .
 This looks , feels , works like and has the same components but is made with the cheaper variety of parts . Just like the items you buy at Wal-M ... The items at that store are made for that store and are made of cheaper materials . That is why you can buy them for less money . Same scenario here.We used it one time and it broke . We did n't even get to finish the job . We also purchased the Vector brand at the same time and it keeps on working and it finished the job .
 Gearbox began leaking grease onto pad holder throwing it everywhere on my new paint job . Could not figure it out at first because it seemed that the compound was wax based or something . This grease is very hard to remove once buffed into your paint , it kinda turns to a candle wax consistency . Very unhappy cause its going to take a while to repair the paint . Of course the manufacturer will not help because they are in hong kong somewhere ...
 Worked for the first 15 minutes . While buffing it was really loud and heavy . After 20 minutes it began to slow down and finally stopped working . I read the reviews and realized I am not the only one that has had this problem . Because it was a gift I ca n't return it and cant find anything online or in the box about the manufacture and sending it back . I highly recommend spending a little extra money and getting a good polisher .
 I have had to get two of these because the first one I received malfunctioned straight out of the box . I used it for about 2 hours , went to try it again the next morning and the thing would n't run . They sent me another which has acted up a few times but operated enough for me to buff scratches out of my friends car . Buy a name brand , not this thing .
 first of , i think i may have gotten a reconditioned item as the packaging is somewhat distressed plus mine did n't come with a wool pad as other have stated . my prob is that i bought the meguair 's w4000 wool pad which is about a 1/2 inch smaller in diameter , so when i tried it on the backing plate , it would n't sit flushed . so anybody here that knows the exact model of a compatible wool pad , pls chime in.i 'd like to order the makita but have no idea what model specifically . tnx in advance for any inputs shared . btw , i got this from etools which i 'm not using the next time . sold me a recon and i 'm not returning as shipping is way to expensive .
 The Warn units do not have the quality of the US made units at this price point . In fact , Columbus McKinnon units can be had for slightly cheaper price . Here they are compared : - Made in China -LRB- Warn -RRB- vs US -LRB- CM -RRB- - Painted finish -LRB- Warn -RRB- vs galvanized -LRB- CM -RRB- - lower load rating -LRB- 4-3/4 ton for Warn vs 6-1/2 ton for CM -RRB- Warn needs to price these along the lines of Smittybuilt and other Chinese sourced shackles .
 I received a completely different brand than what was advertised . Amazon was accomodating in the return , but still took my time and energy and having to repack the item and I still do not have what I originally ordered .
 well this was supposed to be for my truck and when it came in it looked nothing like the picture and it came no where close to fitting my truck dash ! it was to short and completely different than what they said i was getting ... compared to the picture ... i paid about 35 dollars for a piece of crap that doesnt work ... thanks alot !
 It was not a direct fit needed modifications to get it to fit . was not as advertised as a direct replacement .
 Beware the picture , this is not what you are ordering . I understand the title says 2nd seat floor liner , however the picture shows the liner that I was looking for . The liners will still be used , but the picture IS NOT CORRECT !
 Both the Amazon and Bendix 's websites said this would fit a 2005 Escape with 4 disc brakes . It did not . Ended up going to NAPA and their pads fit perfectly . This is the first time I 've ever had problems . I 've been using Bendix ceramics on all my cars ever since they came out . I do n't know what went wrong .
 I guess you get what you paid for . To me it 's not worth it . Maybe it 's a different story for the more expensive ones . This one covers the speakers that are on the dashboard . They 're not cut-out or pre-cut . Do n't believe them when they say `` it wo n't make any difference '' coz ' IT DOES . The highs -LRB- tweeters -RRB- are literally being covered and nowhere for the sound to come out ...
 Did not fit my 1999 Volvo V70 wagon . Had to cut it to make it fit . Its not the right size . Bends the wrong way .
 This does NOT fit 2000 Honda Prelude ! It is for SOHC 1995-1997 engines only ! If you are looking for a DOHC engine set , do not buy this .
 This looks exactly the same as the one Amazon has for only $ 4.55 . The latter even comes in a nice box with installation instructions . Do n't waste your money .
 After about a week of use it kept resetting itself to farenheit from celcius , and the battery had to be removed to reset it . Just pressing the toggle did not work . About a week later it stopped working altogether .
 It was acutally a lot smaller than I expected , almsot like a BIC lighter . That could be good for some , but it did seem to me a somewhat cheap construction.While it has performed problem free since getting it a few motnhs ago , i do have issues with its accuracy . It seems to always be 3-4 deg F cooler than when tested with other more accurate devices , including a 150 $ temeprature gun I borrowed.This probably would n't be a problem for most though , as it is still great to use as a qucik benchmarking tool , and for comparing different surfaces . But for me , I ended up paying about 35 $ to get a more precices temperature gun with laser .
 Bought this for a 1999 Dodge Caravan , one of the models for which this hitch claims to work . As installed according to the instructions , it will rub against your exhaust pipe and you will have to keep your spare tire in your trunk . The only way to install it and keep your spare tire is to use an alternate set of bolt holes , which will then cause the hitch to lay about 4 inches from the ground . I even took it to a mechanic just to make sure I was n't missing something and he confirmed that this hitch is simply not as universal as advertised.Spend a few extra bucks and buy a hitch specifically made for -LRB- or definitely known to work with -RRB- your vehicle instead of this `` universal '' hitch .
 I am normally a cautious person and have worked for years on cars , trucks , and jeeps . I bought this item after checking the website and it indicating it would fit a 2005 Dodge Grand Caravan.However , that is not the case . After getting the box , and finally getting time to install it I find out it will not fit 2005 Dodge Grand Caravans with Stow and Go Seating/Storage . This was a waste of my time and money and the product should at least state caveats in the description when checking if it will fit or not.I will probably not be ordering parts from Amazon again . Pro-tip Call the manufacturer directly next time .
 I just bought a '91 Cherokee that has this hitch mounted on the back . It looks like a stout hitch , but the receiver is a good 4 '' below the bottom of the bumper . The bottom of the receiver is barely higher than the bottom of the gas tank ! This is as high as the hitch will mount without cutting some of the flat side plates away . Not so sweet unless your Cherokee is lifted ... A LOT ! I 'm going to go at it with my plasma cutter and use the next higher set of holes ... That should raise it another 3 '' or so . : -RRB-
 Save yourself , do n't buy multi fit . Spend the extra few bucks and get a hitch that fits your rig . I ended up returning and buying another hitch that fit my truck with only 4 bolts !
 Purchased the 37042 model after Amazon guide said it WOULD fit a 2004 Dodge Ram 1500 SLT . When the box arrived , it looked like it had been run over by a Mack truck and contained no instructions or hardware at all . After a frustrating internet search and several phone calls , I found out it that it does not fit my truck and that it would cost 45.00 to return it . The cost of the thing was only 119.00 to begin with ! Needless to say , I am going to have to buy another hitch type and suck up the loss on this one . This time I am going to a local dealer to make sure I get all that I pay for .
 First of all the picture you see and the hitch is different . I could have bought this hitch for $ 30 less from ACE.This is cheating to me . And the most anoying and an acceptable part is , in the description there is no statement that say drilling is needed . That is the only reason that I bought this thing . The drilling part cost me additional $ 60 . If your car is Dodge Grand Caravan , Town and country , Do n't buy this hitch
 Do n't buy this multi fit receiver , it will make you crazy . The instructions are BAD . . It will take you a long time to fit to your car or truck . Spend a little more money and get a receiver that is made for your car or truck . .
 When asked to enter the make of the vehicle -LRB- Toyota -RRB- , model -LRB- Sienna -RRB- , sport package -LRB- XLE -RRB- , I was happy to find out the hitch could be sent out in 5 days.When it arrived , it DID N'T EVEN COME CLOSE to fitting my vehicle -LRB- 2 days before a planned vacation where we NEEDED to use the hitch -RRB- ! After checking on the return policy , contrary to what I was told when ordering that returns were `` free '' , the return shipping would be $ 50.00 out of my own pocket . I attempted to make some changes to make the hitch fit , -LRB- additional expense/aggravation -RRB- but chaulked it all up to experience ... $ 150.00 + worth.My advice
 Reese Towpower 37042 Class III Multi-fit Receiver HitchBuying a REESE Hitch thru Amazon.com , from REESE was extremely frustrating as it had multi problems . Missing bolts an nuts , that cost me an extra $ 20 an gas , plus lost time , very confusing directions that indicated that it fit an extended van , rather than a stardard van as per the Amazon information . PLUS even worse , , the bracket furnished with the hitch , did not fit my van , until I ground off more than 1/2 inch of a corner , to make it fit , so it was designed wrong from the get go.A phone Call too REESE Customer Service , was also a waste of time , she told me to read the directions , which did not say anything about having to modify the hitch , drill four holes , or have to buy expensive extra bolts , to make it work properly.Only thing can assume , as I have used REESE product for more than 30 years , is that they have gone to CHINA like so many other good companies.WILL NOT BUY REESE PRODUCTS ANYMORE , plus there was a wrong number for a wiring kit , from REESE , according to a printed catalog at a local dealer , NO such part number exists , an when I tried to order it , the REESE web site , told me the same thing . NO WIRING KITS for the ASTRO Vans , even tho they sell the hitch . . Customer Service at Amazon was not helpful either , so I am looking elsewhere for many products , rather than Amazon . They told me , not much Amazon can do too correct the problems with REESE Products . So three hours for a 30 minute job , extra $ 20 , an NO HELP from either customer service , REESE or AMAZON , , , that is pretty bad , an they want us too buy American products .
 Text claims it will fit a 1985 GMC S15 Jimmy . Does n't even come close !! I tried to go to the listed website for help and just got bounced around to different search engines . Finally called Reese direct and was told they do n't have a listing for my vehicle . Tried the chev equivalent and it listed a different hitch . I am returning this for a complete refund .
 Contrary to what the Amazon.com page states , this item does NOT fit a 2003 Chrysler Town & Country as it will significantly reduce ground clearance . It is unfortunate , as the hitch looks really solid , but the design is faulty . You will therefore end up scraping the roadway each time you drive over a bump or pothole , or start driving up a ramp .
 Claims it will fit my vehicle . upon installing hitch come to find out that both brackets that are suppose to bolt on to frame are not aligned or wont align to holes except for one . i wouldnt risk towing heavy pounds with only two bolts holding my hitch . bracket itself does not fit , it conflicts with leaf spring bracket . i wouldnt buy this item even if it claimed it will fit your vehicle . Price is exceptional , but its worth buying something that is design to only fit your vehicle . Save the headache and time dont buy this piece of $ @ ! ^
 hitch did not fit and I am going to have to adapt it to the truck it will not work on toyotas !!!
 According to the application guide , this product was supposed to fit my vehicle . According to the instructions it is supposed to bolt right on , using existing nuts on the vehicle frame . None of the bolts that came with the hitch fit these nuts on the vehicle frame . -LRB- There are no existing bolts in the frame -RRB- Needless to say I am dissappointed with this . I tried the web sight listed in the instructions for technical support , but the web sight is useless , just a list of search results . So I called the customer service number and ca n't get to a live person , just recordings.Also , the box was torn open in several places , but everything seemed to be in it.So far not at all pleased with this purchase . Hopefully I will eventually get a hold of customer service , and they can send me the correct bolts .
 This is a good quality Hitch However ... The first sentence in the instructions tells you to start drilling 1/2 inch holes in your vehicles frame AND in the mounting brackets . I thought I was buying a hitch that was ready to bolt up . This was n't . Unless you are willing , and able to drill your frame and the brackets , -LRB- 1/2 inch holes -RRB- pass on this hitch . Poor instructions did n't help . I guess you can make any hitch fit any car or truck with enough cutting , drilling and modifications ...
 Bought this for my 2006 Jeep Liberty . It did NOT fit . Totally ignore the cars and trucks that the manufacture list on the box as fitting . They obviously will say ANYTHING to sell this . It 's a hit or miss type of deal . And if you do decide to buy it make sure that you are prepared to return it .
 I would not recommend this hitch to anyone . The holes do n't line up . Very hard to make fit . Does n't say Reese anywhere . Buy different Hitch ! Seems heavy duty .
 The item is okay . Not as easy to install as the company would like one to believe .
 I ordered/installed this pump in November and in March I had to have it replaced . Not the quality I would expect from Bosch .
 I ordered one of these Bosch fuel pumps for my vehicle , and took it apart due to comments by the vendor after my fuel pump took over a week to arrive . After opening the assembly , I was shocked to see an AC Delco motor , the same one I could buy for 69.00 dollars . I called Bosch to report the fraud , that someone was reworking their fuel pumps and counterfitting their brand . They guy told me that they use OEM components from other vendors in Bosch products . Well , that was sure a lesson in `` branding '' . What a racket . If you do n't believe me , call Bosch Automotive Group in Chicago , IL.and ask them . Needless to say , I sent the expensive Bosch brand back and bought the same motor and installed that instead .
 well this was supposed to be for my truck and when it came in it looked nothing like the picture and it came no where close to fitting my truck dash ! it was to short and completely different than what they said i was getting ... compared to the picture ... i paid about 35 dollars for a piece of crap that doesnt work ... thanks alot !
 First of all product is not even what is shown in photo . There is an extra flap that hangs over the passenger side air bag . Top cut out for dash tray is the wrong shape and size . This dashmat was a waste of time . I will not be ordering another dash mat from amazon . Looks like I have to go to ford to get the right dash cover for my F150 .
 Amazon told me that if I placed my order in the next hour I would get it tomorrow providing I selected overnight shipping.I selected overnight shipping 1 minute later and Amazon did not ship the product that day but waited until the next day -LRB- the day I was to receive it -RRB- . Now the estimated delivery -LRB- overnight -RRB- is 4 days after the promised delivery date.I want my $ 21 shipping money back .
 I purchased these for my Tahoe and they made the truck run worse . I ended up at a local auto parts store to get plugs that actually helped the truck run better !
 After having research spark plugs I settled on these thinking they were the best . I installed them in a 2004 Surburban 1500 . Everything seemed great for the first 2-3 months then I noticed the engine was running rough . Took it into my Chevy dealer and the tech said the plugs needed to be replaced . I told him they were brand new plugs and his comment was other manufacture plugs have been causing problems and he recommended GM parts . Had the plugs replaced and have n't had an issue since .
 Had my mechanic put these plugs in my 2003 Hummer H2 with 102K miles on it . As soon as I drove off the truck felt very sluggish and when I tried to accelerate it hesitated and had no power . Brought it back to my mechanic and he said it was misfiring on 6 of 8 cylinders . Replaced the Bosch plugs with AC Delco iridium and no misfires . For some reason they just did n't work in my Hummer .
 As always Bosch products are great . BUT the shipping from this store leaves a lot to be desired !!! We ordered a set of 8 . It took 4 shipments to receive all 8 Some were out of the boxes , some were packed in envelopes , some did not have any protective material around the electrodes . NEVER AGAIN !!!
 I purchased 8 each , of this item , Bosch -LRB- 4509 -RRB- HGR9LQI0 9 Platinum IR Fusion Spark Plug , Pack of 1 . A rebate was offered at the time of purchase that amounted to about $ 30.00 . I applied for the rebate by completing the rebate form , and sending in everything the offer required . Eight weeks later I was informed that my request for the rebate was denied - the old UPC code was not sent in as required , was stated as the reason for denial . I had sent in everything , but the spark plugs , yet my rebate claim was still denied . I never expected this company to use this old `` bait and Switch '' policy . Needless to say , I 'll never purchase another product from this company again . I 'm also telling all of my ` facebook & email friends ' about what this company is doing .
 I was told that this product with get beneath rust making it easy to remove . I did n't have any luck with it for that purpose . I can still use it as a lubricant though .
 This did not work at all in removing the rusted screw on my license plate despite the reviews I read earlier .
 Your web site announces Kano as penetrating oil , but you do n't tell the consumer that it 's a dangerous material , and that is essential to the customer rights . Because , later in customs the real problem begins trying to transport a product that is classified by IATA as Hazard Class/Packing Group
 I only received one of the two pieces ... I tried to inquire but received no response ? So I do n't know what to do ? It wasnt chrome either it was painted black , and had a poor finish , was n't debured , and it cut my finger . Very disappointed , I think I 'm finished with Ford and any of their products for good , and I will tell everyone I practice with how poor their quality is !
 I have owned these horns for a couple months now and would NOT recommend these horns.I have been buying and using air train horns on my trucks for over 20 years . Wolo has some fairly good products overall for being Chinese built . I bought this horn to replace another dual air horn and I thought it would be loud . It is n't . I have a very nice Airraid 200PSI 12v compressor and big tank to push my horns and suspension air bags . I have a 150psi regulator for the horns . My 11 year old shorter , smaller duals are louder than this triple unit . It came with a 1/4 &#34; air valve , which broke and leaked within one week . I contacted Wolo and they sent a new one right away . At first , I thought the low output volume was due to the bad valve , but the new one did not increase the airflow nor the loudness of the horns . I think the valves and manifolds into the horns need to be 1/2 &#34; to increase the air volume into the horns to increase the loudness . I ca n't fix that . Since I have had these on my truck a while , I ca n't return them so I am going to have to sell them on eBay or Craigslist - dangit.Do your homework and go with a something different .
 I got these for my son for christmas and we installed them about a mounth ago . They worked good but he made a trip to CT from ME and on the way home the large trumpet fell off . He called the company in NY and they told him it would cost $ 58.00 for a new one .
 Ordered a five button key FOB for 2008 Honda Oddyssey Touring . Received a four button -LRB- does NOT have a rear gate button -RRB- . amazon sent e-mail to replace item , but e-mail disappeared . Please , send info again and I will write it down . Thanks for the help .
 This item DOES NOT fit the 2002 Ford Explorer XLT . it is too short . The correct item for this vehicle is # 65032 Reese .
 As I assembled this swivel trailer tongue jack , I noticed that component parts were missing . After installon the unit on my trailer I noticed that there is lots of play in the unit . I would not recommend this product .
 the crank part works great so far . the swivel mount is sloppy and if you look at it looks like it ` s leaning .
 I HAVE NOW HAD THIS ON MY TRAILER FOR OVER A YEAR AND THE 3 STAR RATINGS COVER MANY OF THE PROBLEMS WITH THE DESIGN . SWIVLE WHEEL IS THE WEAK POINT OF THIS . WOULD I BUY IT AGAIN - NO .
 never recieved the product . sent 3 message asking where it was , never recieved a responds either . dont recommend purchaging from this site .
 Ordered this for my 2010 corolla , says it fits but it does not . Save yourself aggravation when ordering and get correct part number off web first . .
 The Amazon system of making sure you are ordering the correct part for the car has ALWAYS worked for me . This time it did not . It was obvious upon putting the cap even close to the distributer , that it would not fit . When I purchased the correct one from the Honda dealer , they were obviously very different . I was also distressed to learn that OEM were the initials of a manufacturing company , not original equipment manufacture , but that is not Amazon 's fault . The problem of it being the incorrect part is probably also due to the manufacturing company , not Amazon at all .
 Today , I just get my package . I ordered 3 packs . However , I just get only 68 pieces totally ! Why ? It 's so BAD !
 I was really disappointed in the smell of these , I understand that they 're cheap , so you get what you pay for , but these smelled NOTHING like jasmine . It 's one of my favorite scents and to me these smelled like something you 'd wipe an infant with . I had to immediately throw it out because it was such an unpleasant aroma .
 I tried this smell , and it 's not that it was terrible , it just has a very strong floral scent and I would n't suggest it to anyone that does n't like floral smells .
 I bought this as part of my husband 's birthday gift . When I opened the box I was dismayed at how cheap and terrible it looked . I had to order another key chain from a specialty company immediately . This looked like it should have cost $ 5 . I was embarrased to give it and disgusted to have wasted so much on something so crappy .
 This product does not fit 2001 Jeep Grand Cherokee . compare with original and this product ... photo upload is cant . . just I used seal and inside filter ... Transmission filter different size
 I use these covers to protect my seats because my clothes can get dirty during my work . They do a pretty good job of staying in place and covering the seats when driving . That 's why I gave it two stars . The problem is , they have ink labels on the plastic that rubbed off onto my light-colored leather seat and gave it some black stains after I used 20-25 covers . I was able to get most of the stains out but some I could n't . I hope it will come out . Perhaps I was not using them properly , but I have n't used them in hot weather so the ink did n't melt , and I do n't know what else would cause them to stain . But there should be some sort of warning on the box . I only used them once in a car with cloth seats and there did n't appear to be any problems other than it not staying in place as well , but beware if you are buying these for leather seats .
 I have an 07 Jeep Wrangler which is one of the vehicles that this kit is for . Trouble is that the part with the notch cut out -LRB- the largest piece -RRB- is n't deep enough for use with a stock ball joint as their own instructions describe . Plus it is made out of material that is too thin-walled so the inside diameter is too wide . This allows it to slip off the ball joint lip as it is being pressed into place.When I buy a special tool that is designed for use with my vehicle , I would expect it to work . Got to wonder if they ever actually tried it before they said it fits .
 DO NOT buy this product from this company . I received this product this evening , opened it up out of the UPS box and immediately saw that the Milwaukee box had been opened up quite a few times . I took the Impact Wrench out of the box and it had scratches and dust all over it . This had clearly been used and I could n't believe it . BTW , this tool does not come with a charger or battery , that cost extra .
 Device arrived as expected . I used it the first time , on my car , and it worked as expected however I used it the second time about 2 minutes later and it failed at half it 's rated capacity . Being an excellent mechanic I disassembled the device and corrected the flaw . I 'm none too satisfied with the as sold condition of the device . Seems like the seller had an issue with the device and promptly sold it rather than fix it properly or return it to the manufacturer for replacement . Fortunately I have repaired the device and it now works properly . Were it not for my own mechanical ability this device would have been utterly useless .
 I bought this for my 92 Accord EX . The removing adaptor and the receiving cup were too long to fit in the C-frame and I could n't press the old ball joint out . After fiddling around with it for 20 minutes , I gave up and ended up putting a socket over the ball joint and hammering it out . Then I could n't use the tool to install a new ball joint , because the 38355 receiving cup is not included in this set , or the 7249 ball joint set . So I ended up hammering the new ball joint in too . Very disappointed I spent a lot of money on these tools and I could n't even use them when I needed them . I 'm keeping the 7249 set , because it will -LRB- hopefully -RRB- work with many other vehicles and will probably be useful to me in the future . But I 'm not sure what I 'm going to do with this 7996 set .
 Not what I thought it would be . Made to dash look really sloppy . First thing I have returned .
 OTC 7249 NOT made in usa its made in china i got it because its a otc brand toolwhen it came in , i was happy i looked for were its made and its MADE IN CHINA OTC 7249 ball joint service toolon the box and on the otc lable otc tool made in CHINA the box and tool made in china :-LRB- im very Disappointed in OTC brandI Was happy to buy a tool that was made in usa but i was wrong otc 7249 is made in china :-LRB- i should have never got itim Happy with amazon but they need to make it a law to tell you were its made so be caution when buying on line from anywere .
 This tool was almost totally useless for ball joint removal and installation . The only components of any use were the collars . The C-clamp is too short and not functual for a Ford Explorer . A piece of Chinese junk that I could have paid half the price for at Harbor Freight Tools . I ended up using a hammer and hydraulic jack to do the job . My first and last on line tool buy !
 FIRST OF ALL , I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED THAT AN OTC PRODUCT WOULD BE MADE IN CHINA . AS FAR AS PERFORMANCE GOES , THE HEX HEAD ON THE FORCING SCREW ROUNDING OFF WHILE TURNING BY HAND WITH A WRENCH . I MANAGED TO PRESS ONE UPPER BALL JOINT OUT , BUT COULD NOT PRESS IN THE NEW ONE . AT THIS POINT I THREW IN THE TOWEL . MY ARMS WERE SORE AND IT WAS COLD OUTSIDE . I RETURNED THE BALL JOINTS AND WENT OVER TO MY LOCAL CARQUEST AUTO PARTS AND BOUGHT THE COMPLETE UPPER WISHBONE PRE-LOADED WITH THE BALL JOINT FOR UNDER $ 100.00 EACH . THE BUSHINGS ON THE OLD UPPER CONTROL ARMS WERE SHOT , SO THIS KILLED TWO BIRDS WITH ONE STONE , SO TO SPEAK . SHOULD HAVE GONE THIS ROUTE IN THE FIRST PLACE , SOOO MUCH EASIER THAN BUSTING YOUR KNUCKLES WITH A PRESS.I HOPE THIS HELPS ANYONE FACING A PRESS-FIT UPPER BALL JOINT JOB .
 picture clearly shows MADE IN USA the one delivered is MADE IN CHINA if I wanted a $ 50 chinese copy I would buy from harbor freight . I WANT THE ONE `` MADE IN USA ''
 Thought that it being a OTC product it would be American made or at least not chinese . Due to my lack of research on this product I was duped . Could have saved a bunch of money by just buying the same product from harbor freight , at least from there you know your getting chinese but you also pay less . I will return this item and buy a Lisle tool which I am pretty sure is made in the USA
 Purchased the OTC ball joint for upcoming ball joint jobs . The first unit arrived with a thread so badly damaged that it stopped about 40 % of the way into the press . The damage was from the factory and was from mishandling of the part . The plastic mesh covering the threads was not damaged or showed evidence of being in place when the damaged occurred.The free replacement part which was quickly shipped , arrived with debris down in the bottom of the threads . Some of it looked like a fine thread possibly fiberglass , and there were also some what appeared to be a fine metal particulate . This was on the surface of the coating and was removed with a fine brass brush . After cleaning the threads and lubricating it well , found that there are several tight spots on the rod as you thread it in.The condition of the threaded rods does not speak well of the manufacturing process at whatever supplier OTC has making that part.OTC maybe ought to inspect the overall quality of what its Chinese supplier is providing them .
 INSTALLED PART . DID NOT PROPERLY . WINDSHIELD WIPERS AND FLUID WOULD NOT TURN OFF WHEN ACTIVATED . WHAT A WASTE OF TIME . I WONT EVER GET THAT HOUR BACK OF MY LIFE .
 Not bad . Larger than my GM dealer has . Unfortunately jamed on me and had to be cut off by GM dealer . They had to reassemble the truck for me . Amazon replaced it and the GM dealer and I are going to try again to make it work .
 Good quality tool , seemed well-machined and coated.It would have done the job , but there was no way it would work on my 1997 S-10 with the factory ZR2 suspension . The Lower nub was off the hole by a 1/4 '' and would pop out of place after any tightening . Flipping the `` C '' around so it attached from the other side was impossible due to the welded frame member in the way.This tool is n't made to the J-36202 specification as far as I can tell , but a different one . I would guess it only works on J-42393 spec . trucks which are K35 chassis .
 Bought this tool to use on my new truck and it broke 1/2 way through the job . Construction seems to be a little cheap .
 had to order this part twice from Amazon . It is a cheap Refurbished part and by the time you get the right one it will cost you more between time and installation then if you went to a Mechanic and paid him . I have serious doubts about this product and Amazons customer service .
 First let me say that I 've had two Airman pumps for almost 8 years each . They have been reliable and handy saving me many trips to the gas station . Not to mention helping with other uses around the house since they come with multiple tip adaptors.The nicad battery packs have since given up the ghost and no longer accept charges but in fairness they lasted longer than I expected for nicads anyway . I happily continued using the pumps with the included cigarette lighter adaptor.Now my oldest pump is not generating any output pressure . Time for a rebuild . In the hopes that ActiveTools sold repair parts or at least offered a repair service I emailed ActiveTools USA directly.No response . Not even after two attempts . Nothing , nadda , zippo.Not even a redirection of my email `` help '' request to a different department.I 'm not completely surprised in this day and age . But I am disappointed because I specifically chose Airman -LRB- after much research -RRB- over several other cheapo , made-in-China , disposable , `` use once and throw away '' products . In fact , it was quite easy to find junk pumps everywhere and very difficult to find a quality pump.You could say I got my moneys worth after all these years . But it 's a shame to throw away a perfectly repairable product that has served me well for years simply because the manufacturer does n't have their customer service act together .
 Ordered front and rear set of these mudflaps . The front set arrived first , but without the tool kit , which included screws necessary to install . I called WeatherTech and the lady seemed very reluctant to help me . After telling her I would send them back and get a different brand , she agreed to `` this time only I will send the tool kit . '' Like I planned to call every week for a tool kit . She said 7-10 days to receive . I 'll follow up upon receipt and adjust the rating , if applicable . I already know that the flap is 9 inches wide -LRB- info I could not get from WeatherTech , nor would they tell me how far down they hung -RRB- and my tires are 11 inches wide . I chose these because I did not want to drill into the metal.Update
 I ordered these rear brake rotors using Amazon 's part finder for my 2000 VW Jetta , 2.0 L 4 cyl . manual transmission . They are very close to being a match , but the lug pattern is just slightly larger and the rotors wo n't mount . Unfortunately , I did n't get to my brake job right away and the 30 day return window passed . First time Amazon 's part finder has failed me , and I certainly hope it 's the last !
 I ordered this item using my friend 's amazon account because that time I do n't have an account here . When the item arrived , I 've noticed that it has a lot of dust on it and it 's dirty . It seems its not brand new as what it was advertised here .
 I have a car bra from Chevrolet that fits nice and tight and snaps onto my Trailblazer . This car cover is awful . It does NOT protect fully under the bumper , leaving the painted bumper exposed . There 's a cheesy mesh on the front that goes over the grille that was n't on my other cover . The worst art is that they want you to glue/stick VELCRO to your car to velcro this thing on . It 's got complicated straps and plastic clips.It just showed up and Amazon is making it difficult to return . I 've called twice . They want me to pay out of pocket to send this junky product back . And I bought this straight from Amazon , not a third party . I would suggest not buying a product without plenty of reviews off Amazon if they 're going to make a Prime member pay return shipping when they sell a junky product .
 This item was great however I ordered two sets or so I thought . Instead I received two individual hood stops , the product was misleading in the purchase amount .
 One of the struts broke after only being installed a couple of weeks ; and no stress was involved !
 I received the package and it appeared to be intact ... not crushed or anything . When I pierced the top , it was clear that the entire contents were hardened . must have been a pin hole in the tube or not sealed at the bottom . Not worth sending it back .
 I want to love the Weathertech brand and do like their digital fit liners but have found that they got their name through custom-fitting parts but their fit is going downhill.I have the digital fit liners for my 2500HD and the digital fit cargo liner for my Civic , and they fit perfectly.The all-weather mats are not custom fit for my Civic , and no digital fit liners are available.Ok , that being said , the reason I do not like these mud flaps is that they do not offer full coverage of my factory wheels and tires . If you look at the truck from behind , there is a gap of about two inches where the mud flap does n't cover the tires . Not only does it look rather ridiculous , but it does n't perform one of the only two performance characteristics of a mud flap . The mud flaps are designed to not only protect our vehicles but those following behind us . I have a lifted Chevy ; and the last thing I want to do on muddy or gravel roads is to crack a friend 's windshield that might be following behind.I called Weathertech yet again because I do n't understand why they ca n't seem to get it right . Customer service confirmed with an engineer that they can not provide full coverage because these are no-drill mud flaps . Personally , I think that 's a cop out because they could design them with a couple more inches of coverage with no issues . I have these installed and a couple more inches added would still be secure given the current fasteners . The flaps are n't going anywhere with two metal bolts and the plastic lip.Either they made a mistake when they designed these , or they are trying to cut costs . Either way , their website and Amazon need to make note that they do not provide full coverage protection .
 My 2004 Infiniti G35 sedan has 4 wear sensors in front , one for each brake pad . In this product only two of the pads have sensors , the other two have not . It may work , but you loose information on two sensors .
 Maybe the pads are good quality , i do n't installed yet , but if they sold like `` Ceramic Brake Pads '' and you receive a Ferro-Carbon pads , that 's a fraud.That is what i get , the same part number HB268F .665 , but Ferro-Carbon pads.so please , put the right description for this product , ferro-carbon pad , no ceramic
 I have had an infiniti since 2006 , I have had an I35 and a G35 . I only have the I35 now . I have always known that I have to use nissan pads to avoid squeaking , dust and fade . I read a lot of reviews on these pads and decided I would try hawk pads based on the description stating no noise , brake dust exc . Either I recieved pads from auto zone in a hawk pads box or the reviews were biased . These brakes squeak , turn my wheels black and have terrible fade . They remind me of the first time I tried using non-nissan pads . Unfortunately I purchased both front and rear hawk pads and regret it . I wish someone would have told me the truth about these pads because not only did I waste over $ 120 for front and rear but I also have to buy new pads because I hate squeaking brakes and I have to wash my wheels once a week because they turn black !! I will post pictures . I usually dont post reviews but I really wish someone had taken the time to let me know these pads are terrible , the nissan pads are the same price and are 100 times better .
 I had to return these lights because they did not fit my '09 Jeep . They could have been mounted somewhere on the vehicle but definitely not in the spot where stock fog lights would have been mounted . These lights are set up for universal mount -LRB- you could mount them on your kitchen counter -RRB- and if on your vehicle there is a spot for fog lights you need to obtain OEM or OEM replacement lights .
 I got this set of pads -LRB- fronts and backs -RRB- for my 2005 Audi TT Quattro - a vehicle that sees a lot of use -LRB- track and street -RRB- . I got new rotors at the same time . Did the bedding procedure , and drove around a bit - did n't like the feel at all - basically , it feels like it `` grabs and lets go slightly '' - almost as if you hit the brakes , and let off on the pedal a bit . I drove around for a week with them on , and could NOT stand that feeling . I ditched the set for some Ferodo pads - which are , perhaps , the best pads I 've used on this car . I 'll definitely PASS on the Hawk and go with Ferodo instead - they give you BITE when you ASK FOR IT , and do n't let up until you do.Ferodo part numbers
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Do n't buy these , they 're too small to grip most filters . I change oil on GMs all day and I 'm thinking about tossing it .
 this product not fits in my Honda civic 1994 LX trim , and i bayed because the product details said it fits ... VERY BAD DESCRIPTION AND DETAILS ...
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 I bought and installed this speedo on my 93 HD XLH . There were two issues that factored into the low score for this item . 1 factor for the item that was shipped , another for the item in general . Factor # 1 , the speedo that I was sent worked perfectly for a day . After the first day , the light that lit up the face of the speedo went out . Now I can not see my speed at night . I have no intentions on sending it back because it would require too much work to cut up the wires , send it back , wait for a replacement , then reinstall . The second factor has more weight on it . I was not aware that I would need to buy another piece so that both turn signals light up the dummy light for the turn signal . If you do not buy this second piece and install it than when you put on a turn signal , all turn signals will blink . To counter this , I hooked up the right turn signal only .
 WeatherTech 120010 Rear Mud Flap - Set of 2 . I purchased these based on what the company said about perfect fit on my 2007 Chevy Silverado Crew Cab , turn the clamp with catches the fender , tighten them down and your done . WRONG !! They didnt fit the curvature of the fender , therefore the clamp only grabs thin air . I had to remove the wheels , measure and drill them to fit the fender , and used self tapping screws to install them . They look good , and im sure they will work very well , but 2 hours to get them on , was a bit much . Would I purchase them again ? NEVER !! While im at it , know I also purchased the same brand to fit the front . Those took the better part of 2 hours also , and had to remove wheels again . They look great , but they do not fit or install as advertised .
 DO NOT BUY THESE COVERS - the fit on them is EXTREMELY poor . The look like they would fit perfectly , but they are very very loose . They do not stay on the headlight and `` fall down '' leaving part of the headlight exposed ... I fear that they would even come off while driving if I left them on , which I did not do because they looked terrible due to the bad fit.Save your $ . I am out almost $ 60 on the ones that I bought .
 These have a pretty weak light output and are only 55watt not 65watt . Nice color though .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Recently I purchased these mats for our van . They are flimsy and wo n't stay in place . They slide around on the floor and in under the gas pedal . I would n't waste my time or money on purchasing these . Better ones can be bought at cheaper prices .
 There should be 3 brackets and not two . I shortened the rear bracket to the step would be level and in line with the cab . Very disappointed
 I installed this - liked the suction cups - closed it nicely with the velcro , fine . But the next day I went to drive off and opened it , the sides would n't retract enough see well enough to drive away . Even when I pushed it together fold by fold it did n't fold way up and flopped around . Also it looks like the outer reflective stuff was already coming off . I 've had the more expensive ones before and they were fine , but this one is n't .
 part was missing found replacement , installed on winshield worked well first timesecond time shade retracted in a bundled mess unable to get shade to rectract without bundling with missing part delay time ran out fof refundSierra Tools Retractable Sun Shade
 The 2 parts do n't come together very easily . When it is unattached to retract , it snaps very quickly & does not fold up correctly !! Very poorly made product !! The material that it is made out of is horrible !!
 I prefer the convenience of easy-close window screen . I had one before that was 1pc that stretched across the full windshield , this one is in 2 halves that meet in the middle . Retractability does not work well with material -LRB- mylar ? -RRB- that the screen is made of . Screen gets hot and too pliable . I would love to see one made in another material , perhaps fabric -LRB- like some window blinds I have in my home -RRB- . Pleats do not come back into place neatly . I hope someone improves what should be a good covering solution for cars .
 Horrible . I guess I got what I paid for . It does not retract back without having to fold it by hand fold by fold . Very frustrating . After the first use it sagged when it was closed and got in the way while driving . I have had other ones before that were made out of some type of fabric , which was great . This is made out of some weird plastic material with a shiny outer coating . It seems to get very out and transfers that heat into the car . When it 's 115 degrees in Pheonix , it does n't help much . Not worth the trouble at all .
 The item is a piece of crap ! It will not retract without getting all messed up and having to fold each fold by hand ! I have e-mailed the seller as well as amazon and never got a response from either one ! DO NOT ORDER !
 A good tool with basic error code readout for OBD1 equipped vehicles . I have n't used it on OBDII vehicle yet . Interface is a little funky having to re-enter vehicle name each time you scan it . You have to buy a serial or USB cable to hook to your computer -LRB- added expense and should have been included in the kit -RRB- . Software that came with the kit is primative and does n't include any code database for OBD1 vehicles . Even though I got it at substantially less than retail it 's still over priced . IMHO
 I have been installing -LRB- and installing and installing ... -RRB- this lamp in my 2000 F250XL 4x4 for 3 or 4 years . I have analyzed the problem upsidedown and backwards . I have no voltage spikes , overvoltage or any other conceivable electrical issue that would contribute to reduced life . I can get about 4 months max out of the low beam afterwhich I operate on high beams aimed a hair low just to get some value out of the purchase . Local prices are awful but I see online pricing is much better . I have polled other owners but no one has these lamps , nor have they experienced premature burnout . I expect to leave the 6054 on the shelf in the future in favor of any alternative I can find .
 I bought this bracket based on the description stating it would fit on '88 - 2000 Honda Civics ; the Honda dealers wanted over $ 100 for the original bracket parts -LRB- my car was sold to me without a front license plate bracket -RRB- . When the bracket arrived it did not even come close to fitting . The only fortunate part was it was made of a soft plastic that was easy to cut . After making several adjustments with a hack saw blade I was able to make it fit .
 For the price of a simple hunk of plastic that you will end up cutting and modifying to get it to fit your particular car , I would expect a better fit or at least , and preferably , a cheaper price .
 The seller said that this would fit my 2000 Honda Civic . Well , that was pretty inaccurate . It did not fit and I had to cut the bracket in order to make it fit . It was a pretty crappy experience overall . Thanks for nothing .
 they sent this part to me part #pr 203 but part # 207 was in the box 207 will not fit call they said some one at parts would call been about 2 weeks no call
 I ordered this product because I wanted to be able to charge several different devices while camping . I had read reviews of small inverters and many did n't work . I did n't find negative reviews on this product . It arrived promptly . When I tried to use it , it was doa . I flipped the on/off switch several times and I would get an intermittant flash from the on switch on light but the unit never produced an output . I suspect it 's just a defective switch .
 Just bought this as a Christmas gift for my father and when I opened the box it was not what I had ordered . Still the same team , but not the style that was posted online.A little disappointed because the one advertised was the one he wanted.Will not be making another purchase .
 Car
 These bulbs , while illuminating street signs and reflective surfaces at greater distances than your standard bulb -LRB- which is useless , by the way , because those are not the obstacles you are trying to avoid in darker environments -RRB- , are probably the biggest waste of money out in the automotive market . They are rated to work for as long as ' 2000 hours , ' but really they mean 200 hours . I bought my first set in April ; when my passenger side burned out 3 months later , I had assumed it was a fluke and bought a second pair . When my drivers side bulb burned out a month later , I was pissed -LRB- especially since the original lights had lasted more than 3 years -RRB- . I would not buy these ` High Performance ' - type bulbs again . I would heavily recommend against buying these bulbs . I will never buy a Sylvania light bulb so long as I live.Note
 I fell for the hype and it was a mistake . Other reviewers will no doubt agree that these are short-lived bulbs and there is a reason for this . These bulbs are colored blue to * simulate * the HID look . Any color on the glass actually reduces output , so Sylvania uses an over-rated filament to get brighter light to compensate for the light absorbed by the coloring . Because federal laws are very specific about the output of headlights , Sylvania can not use a filament that draws more current so the filament is burning overly hot and therefore has a shorter life . They same seems true for their uncolored X-Tra Vision bulbs . -LRB- Which may be the Silverstars without the color . -RRB- I tried those and they both burned out in less than a year , two weeks apart.I too have switched to GE bulbs and hope their bulbs are more durable .
 They 're great while they last , but I 've bought 5 in the past year -LRB- 2 sets of low beam , 1 high beam -RRB- , and wo n't be buying any more . I 've switched to GE NightHawks instead .
 I use these bulbs in a 2006 Scion Tc . I wish I had read these reviews before I purchased these . I have seen no positive reviews on the life of this product , here , from users who have had these bulbs for more than a year . Sure they are great when you first put them in . I had mine for approximately 10 months and both went out within a month of each other . Since my wife had already purchased one replacement I will buy one more . I will take the suggestion and not have the lights turn on when the car starts as well .
 Both bulbs burned out in exactly 12 months . The OEM bulbs lasted 8 years . Every car I have ever owned had bulbs lasting more than 12 months . I 'd find another brand .
 I installed 2 of these headlight light bulbs and both burned out in less than one year . One actually only lasted about 3 months . The other was 11 months .
 Fresh out of the box , it was very nice looking . Everything was crisp and felt like a durable cover . It has been 1 month and 3 days since I put it on my bike and it has already begun to fade at a rapid pace . I knew it was n't waterproof but according to some reviews it does a decent job at keeping the water out ... it happened to lightly rain briefly in LA for about 25mins and the bike was soaked . I should have spent the extra money for the waterproof one . I do n't see it lasting more than a year .
 I just opened the package and I discovered a ripped hole in the center of the cover . Now it 's definately not water proof .
 I bought this cover to protect my harley 1200 sportster . It worked well for the first month , but it quickly developed holes all over . Also , the hooks you use to attach it to the bottom of your bike both fell off pretty quickly.I kept my bike outdoors , and it rarely rained of was windy . I was careful putting it on an off . Now the cover is riddled with holes and is pretty much useless.I would not recommend this bag for larger bikes like mine . It seems if the cover is under any stress it will rip and tear .
 I bought this cover to keep my bike protected from humid , rainy San Francisco weather . First night I put it on , it fit over the bike well enough , I fastened the hooks and otherwise made sure my Harley Sportster was covered nice and snug . I come to take the cover off the next morning and lo and behold , the bike is soaking wet . I was like WTF . So the next night I made extra sure the bike was properly covered and aligned to the body of the bike . Fastened the hooks once again and went to bed with fingers crossed . Come back the next morning and sure enough the bike is soaked . I do n't get it . I closely examined the material , there 's no holes or other defects that would explain why the bike got wet . Seems to me the answer is pretty simple , this piece of trash is n't waterproof.Fail .
 Over the past two years , I 've purchased and happily used the motogear deluxe cruiser cover on my last two bikes . It was reasonably priced , large , and well made , with several fabric panels . When I sold my bikes , the covers went with them . So , imagine my disappointment when , for bike number three , I received my new motogear delux cruiser cover - same specs , same product name , same label - and found that the cover was significantly smaller and more cheaply made than previously . It 's nowhere near the product it was in the past . Ah well , nothing stays the same .
 While the unit does a good job holding a variety of stuff , it is a pain to carry from car to house and visa versa . The carrying handles on the two sides of the unit are so far apart that it would be impossible to carry with one hand . I improvised a shoulder strap to assist when I 'm juggling keys and a coffee mug , but it was still rather ungainly due to its width . I sent it back .
 The Amazon will it fit guide indicated that this was the idler pulley I needed for a 2004 Ford F250 6.0 diesel . It is not ... . not even close . The pulley has 6 grooves and the serpentine belt on the truck has 8 grooves . It is also too small in diameter . I am not sure why it was listed as the right one but Amazon needs to change the catalog to avoid confusion .
 This item is available for a great price , but the quality is terrible . If you ca n't afford the OEM , save until you can ... You will end up spending more than the OEM when this part fails every few months . DO NOT waste your money . : - /
 The product came broken . Poorly packaged and when I tried contacting the company , they never responded . I sent numerous emails and made quite a few phone calls and no one has responded to me ! I am very upset and would never order anything through them again . Complete waste of money ! You do n't want to deal with a company like this !
 This is an awful company . I ordered my products 15 days ago and they have yet to been delivered and everytime i try and contact someone from the company noone replies . when i called the number on their page i get some bank . So they pretty much just stole 81 dollars from me . Hopefully amazon will be able to refund it or im just screwed . If you want my advice buy from somewhere else .
 I purchased a window regulator via Amazon and a 3rd party supplier by the name Best Priced Mirror . They 're an aftermarket supplier for parts you could find in a junk yard . It was promised 7-10 days after I placed the order but after 15 days I had n't recieved my shipment so I began making calls and sending emails . I never got through to anyboby until I got their number from Fed-Ex . The reason I called Fed-Ex is there was a tracking number but hey had never picked up the shipment -LRB- not Fed-Ex 's fault -RRB- . A man named Peter -LRB- from Best Price -RRB- answered and made promises of a prompt delivery . Again , nothing . After another week or 2 I posted my review and my phone rang within 5 minutes . He promised me a full refund plus $ 20 for my trouble if I would remove my negative review . I finally received the part and got my refund + $ 20 after over a month . In the mean time I had tape holding my window in place.Then another month later I get an email from Amazon stating they HAD deducted the amount of the original purchase back out of my account . By the time I checked my balance it was already deducted . Good thing I had the funds to cover it . I managed to get back in touch with Peter at Best Priced Mirror . Again , promises promises . He offered to send me a gift card in the amount of the original purchase price -LRB- $ 52.36 -RRB- to make up for the snaffu with Amazon . He said this would be easier than going through weeks of red-tape to get my refund . Well , HE HAS NOT KEPT HIS WORD !! It 's now 2 weeks past the date it was promised and I 've given up trying to get a hold of anybody at Amazon or Best Priced Mirror . It 's not the money , it 's the principle . I 've made quite a few purchases with Amazon but this will be my last . It 's not worth the trouble . Try and get a hold of someone or have someone contact you if something goes wrong , you 'll see what I mean.GOODBYE AMAZON AND THANKS FOR NOTHING PETER AT BEST PRICED MIRROR ! KEEP YOUR $ 52.36 GIFT CARD !!
 I received the wrong part . I tried to contact the seller to do an exchange for the correct part , but got `` zero '' response either by phone or from MULTIPLE emails .
 I bought the car charger for the All-Start mini-jumper because I lost the wall charger when we moved . Do n't waste you time . This does n't work . I loved the All-start jumper but if I had known that I would n't be able to buy replacement accessories , I never would have purchased it . Searched all over the internet to buy another charger . nothing . Also , allstartgroup.com is no longer valid . But another brand !!!
 This is the wrong part for a 2003 SportTrac . The correct part number for a 2003 is SW5928.Correct Switch for 2003http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000C5DUN2/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00
 Ordered this part because it said it was the right one for my 2003 Sport Trac ... WRONG!Looked at the ones others ordered and found the right part by looking at the pictures ... seems that the 2002 Ford Sport Trac part works on my 2003 ...
 Please correct your catalog !!! Reading the reviews on the SW5942 it looks likeit wo n't work on any Sport Trac including my 2004 model . Called Ford Dealership and have now ordered a SW5928 switch from Amazon , have not received it yet , but hopefully it will be right . UPS picked up the incorrect part today for return to Amazon 2/12/13 .
 This product was listed to fit 2005 sport trac and is the wrong part will not work , I called the local ford dealer and his said this was for the explorer only not the sportrac .
 Although Amazon.com website said it was the correct part , it is not the correct switch for my 2005 Ford Sport Trac . Giving it one star really is n't the proper thing to do as the switch may be perfect when installed on vehicles it was manfactured for .
 I bought a pair of ADULT M knee guards , but they seem to be youth size . I think that even the ADULT L are too small .
 Blade was chewed up after one storm . Brush is nice but is useless without the blade . Look elsewhere if you count of this for everyday use .
 I 'm disappointed with this scraper . The edge is uneven so you only scrape a slim path with each stroke . It 's no better than a cheap one you could buy at a gas station .
 My husband bought two for Christmas presents . After using one on a heavily-frosted windshield , he found that this item worked no better nor worse than what is available in stores . He relied on the ad in Popular Mechanics to promote a unique product or one which would surpass the average plastic tool found any where . The dip in the handle allows you to get a good grip and to use extra force , but the blade is a narrow strip of plastic which did not clear evenly . Save your money/postage and give this one a pass . .
 Perhaps it was because I pulled it out of a cold car before using it , but it snapped in half within 2 minutes of using it . Do n't waste your money .
 Ok so at first I thought this thing was great but then we had a little ice here in Ky. . As soon as I tried to use this thing on ice it broke . Do n't get me wrong plastic breaks and that is OK I guess . The real problem I have with this thing is that the primary reason I bought it was that the scraper appeared to be replaceable . The only problem is that it is not replaceable and the manufacturer will not send out the replacement part either . I mean when you look at the thing it clearly looks like it is made from replaceable parts but its not . Scrapers break all the time and there is no way I would spend the money on something like this again knowing that it can not be repaired .
 I bought this and the Mallory 532 26 &#34; Snow Brush . The Mallory brush is far better than the Hopkins brush . Get the Mallory brush instead !! http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000BPLNXC/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_img_sol_1
 have installed 3 and still have the same problem with this one . Now I need to look for another one
 This looks like a potentially great deal . However , I ca n't find any details anywhere about exactly what the kit contains . Some only contain sideskirts , front and back end , while others include scoops , and other ground effects . How can I find out exactly what this deal is ? I 've never seen an add for `` full body kit '' that did n't contain these details . If they were here , I could order it . But I 'm not going to play the `` lets see what shows up '' game for $ 500 .
 I 've used many types of fillers in my 2 years of schooling . This item is by far , THE WORST ! It gums up the sandpaper constantly and makes it almost impossible to sand , even with 80 grit . I do n't know if it 's the evercoat brand or just this item ; but this one is really poor . I strongly suggest looking at another brand for a flex putty .
 I tried this in lieu of other brands . In the past I used Kustom Poly Glaze Finishing Putty , also sold on Amazon . I used the Kustom once before on my Manx VW Beach Buggy . It worked awesome until I ran out . While ordering another tube of it , I also ordered this product since it said `` Fiberglass Evercoat '' . Well , the Kustom dries faster and is harder and not sticky than this stuff . This stuff drys slower and leaves a sticky residue on your mixing board and the Filler Spreader . I would never buy this product again and it costs more than the Kustom that I truely reccomend . I am not a pro body guy , let alone fiberglass guy , just have a hobby of fixing up old cars .
 Amazon claimed this fit my 3.0 L Camry but in fact it does not . Fitment notes state rotors are for 2.2 L Camry . Guess I should learn to read better and not trust Amazon . Caveat emptor .
 Item was sent and it took more than 2 weeks to receive , they claim it was custom made . The seat covers were n't even close to what I had . Even the head rest was the wrong shape . I wanted to return the item and then I got attitude from the seller . This was a gift for Christmas , they drug their feet getting back to me -LRB- AUTO BARN -RRB- on wanting it returned . For 150 bucks and wrong fit I think I should be able to return it . FINALLY they said I could , then make me do all this other ectra stuff , pay for shipping to return and then drag their feet on getting me my money back . FINALLY I get an email stating I can have my refund but they shorted me $ 10 dollars . That might not seem like alot but I paid for shipping BOTH ways and then they short me !
 Picture and title shows UA Wildcats ... description describes ASU Sun Devils - which is it ? -LRB- Plus the shipping and handling is $ 6 - seriously ? -RRB-
 This is the worst , this is my second infrared Thermometer wish I had not given my first away . I will never buy this brand again . At five inch 's away the laser is off by 1 inch . useless laser pointer.I 've lost the receipt so this ones going in trash . What a waste of eighty bucks .
 WILL NOT SPIN , THE OEM WASHER/GARD NEEDS THREE WASHERS BEHIND IT SO IT DOES N'T RUB THE PULLEY.I GOT IT TO WORK BUT NOW THE BOLT -LRB- THE ONE THAT HOLDS THE PULLEY ON THE CAR -RRB- IS ABOUT 1/4 `` LESS THREADED IN THEN IT WAS BEFORE .
 I searched for a belt tensioner using our vehicle year , make and model ! This Dayco tensioner was at the top of the list . WHY?it was twice the size of the one on our car , yet it was specifically listed as for our car.Beware , this is not the first time I 've had such a problem
 I have returned this item and am waiting to see if i ever get my money back , or i would be honest of how wrong the discription was of the vehical this would fit ! Not even close !
 First of all , the steering wheel cover was too small , even though my Subaru classic wagon had a very average sized steering wheel . The covers themselves did not fit very well and within months the drivers side cover was tearing due to flimsy material . Considering that they were pretty pricey , I do n't think they held up well considering the cost .
 these seat covers are a joke ! crap !! They do n't really fit and the hooks given to secure them are ridiculous ! do n't do it , they are misrepresented ! Every time I get in my car the seat covers come off the seat , etc. etc. . Better to go to Kragen , etc and pay the extra . At least those stay on , sort of ... I am very disappointed and feel pretty ripped off !
 Since I ordered 3 items and all were coming from different vendors the Air Check Valve came before the gasket . I took the valve out and the gasket was fine . I proceeded to install the valve . When the Gasket came in I strew it away since cost more to send it back than what it was worth .
 While its a good Poly , do any of these companies know what clear means ? -LSB- ... -RSB- defines clear aseasily seen through
 I bought this to replace and repair a bad fuel level sending unit . Once replaced it did not correct the problem . According to the dealer , they sometimes have to replace 3 or 4 before they get one that works . For the normal person that is not possible since you ca n't return the part once its installed , and who has the money to keep buying the part in hopes of getting one that works . Disappointed .
 Does not fit right . loose and looks like it belongs on another car . I bought it using the guide lines for my car but its loose and flappy . I dont like it .
 I realized how bad this gauge was when I bought an Accutire gauge . My Campbell Hausfeld was under by 10PSI : As soon as I unwrapped and compared the new unit to my old gauge , I was absolutely shocked at the readings . So shocked in fact that I had to go and dig up an analog gauge to see which one was right . The Accutire was right on the money and the Campbell Huasfeld was `` under reading '' the pressure by about 10 PSI . Wow ! My 40,000 mile Falken 's were inched into their graves prematurely b/c of a crappy Wal-Mart tire gauge ! Overinflated 10 PSI when the tires are cold is bad enough . Can you imagine what it was like once the tires were hot ? It 's no wonder my car rode like a log-wagon ! On a lighter note , I love the Accutire , but I will no longer just `` trust '' a digital gauge . I will test it against an analog one at least once or twice every 3 months.What prompted me to test the gauge against another digital was the fact that my Ultra-High Performance Falken Ziex-ZE 912 's were completely worn out at 14,000 miles . They were warrantied for 40,000 miles . I did get to take advantage of the warranty and came out good on some new Bridgestone Potenza Pole Position 960AS 's . This did cost me an extra $ 200 dollars though . You can bet your bottom dollar that if Firestone had known that I had run that much pressure , they would n't have warrantied them at all ! I have also failed to mention the Michelin All-Season 's that came on my car . They wore out about 10,000 miles prematurely.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 I ORDERED THIS ITEM . IT ARRIVED . IT WAS NON FUNCTIONAL . IT WAS A GIFT . I TRIED TO GET CREDIT . I WAS UNSUCCESSFUL . I WILL PROBABLY NOT ORDER AGAIN . I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED , THAT NO HELP WAS OFFERED OR AVAILABLE TO ME.I THINK IT IS A BAD POLICY TO ORDER AN ITEM BRAND NEW , AND WHEN IS ARRIVES IF IT IS NON FUNCTIONAL , YOU HAVE TO RETURN IT , AND THEN YOU CAN NOT RECEIVE CREDIT FOR IT , OR EVEN APPLY THE AMOUNT TO A DIFFERENT ITEM OF EQUAL OR GREATER VALUE.THIS WAS A VERY NEGATIVE EXPERIENCE FOR ME.THANK YOU , BEST REGARD 'S , JERRY E. ZILINCIK , 33 PINE COURT , SANFORD , MICHIGAN 48567
 This part shown in the picture is not the RH154 thermostat housing . I looked up this item on a Ford dealership website and it looks nothing like this picture . The one on my car looks nothing like this one pictured but it says this is the exact part to fit my car . Someone screwed up .
 The item pictured in the review is not the RH154 . I do n't know what part it is , but it is definitely not the RH154 . The picture of RH157 is , in fact , a picture of the RH154 , and according to Motorcraft the RH154 is compatible with 1999-2000 Contours , both gas and bi-fuel models , 2000-2003 Escort ZX2 's , and the 2000 Escort ZX2 S/R edition . It also fits the 2000 Mercury Mystique . Hope this saves somebody some time .
 The product is fine , my complaint is with Amazon . It is a `` Prime '' product and is offered for $ 11.21 , which I accepted and placed my order with no further research . My bad . I saw it at Wal-Mart today for $ 4.77 , same product , same size.I order a lot from Amazon , but this is a good example of getting complacent .
 I gave these a low rating because they are not well described . They are quality stands but they are NOT for cars . You 'd think they would 've written the height in the description or say that it is for trucks/SUVs only . They are extremely tall -LRB- even at the lowest setting -RRB- , and I could n't get them under my car .
 I bought this tank to upgrade my 16-gallon tank to an 18-gallon while I was replacing my fuel pump . After the installation , I put 2 gallons in and drove a few miles to the gas station to fill it up . It only accepted 13-1/2 gallons -LRB- 15-1/2 total -RRB- , and 2 seconds after the pump clicked off , about 2 cups of gas belched out of the filler hole onto the ground . Thinking there 's no way the tank was that undersized , I waited a while for things to hopefully settle and tried it again , but the pump clicked off immediately and again more gas poured out of the filler hole onto the ground.I 'm sure the reason for the regurgitated gas -LRB- the first time -RRB- is a chintzy little spring-loaded metal flap `` valve '' that 's on the inside of the tank at he filler inlet . The OE tank has an elaborate valving mechanism that keeps the gas inside the tank when it becomes full . I ended up returning this one and finding a nice junkyard tank for $ 50 . I 'd like to say that this tank would be usable if you did n't mind the reduced capacity , but the gas spillage is such a problem , you 'd never want to fill it up .
 Useless foot pedal . Very dangerous lowering arm . When one tries to lower the vehicle , it drops like a ton of bricks , there is no slow to it I have tried over and over but it goes from 0 to 50 in no time flat . I returned to the store . This was my second torin Jack , I guess I never learn . I realized it was bad design when I used my friend 's 3 ton jack and it lowered so slow that it was hard to tell it was lowering . I do not recommed buying this jack unless you are looking to sue the company because eventually you will .
 Purchased this jack as replacement to one that was stolen.The foot pedal is mostly useless . It direct connects to the pivot point for the lift arm -LRB- i.e. is not connected to a larger bore hydraulic pump -RRB- and takes serious foot power to lift the arm , keeping in mind if the jack is under a vehicle you ca n't reach the foot pedal anyway . I ended up removing it just so I could better slide the jack under my workbench when not in use.The most serious issue is releasing the jack to lower it . I 've tried multiple times to lower my car slowly with just a gradual turn of the handle and it ca n't be done . Car is jacked up one second and on the ground the next . Perhaps not so bad if the job is done and you do n't mind a rather hard landing , but it also means you ca n't gently lower something onto a set of jack stands . I will go so far as to say this jack is not safe.Note ... for some reason Amazon has this listed as a toy for my review , thus the unusual rating .
 I bought this jack because my craftsman jack would lower on its own . this one does the same thing . all i did was replace one problem with another .
 I received my `` Big Red '' jack on time due to using prime and did a quick check of it and thought all was good . A month later when I needed to actually use the jack I found that it would not hold a load without slowly lowering . I noticed when I realized that the bottom of the car I was under was suddenly pushing on my chest when it had plenty of clearance before . Luckily I was able to shimmy out without any pain . I am lucky that I had not been distracted too much or I might have been caught with the car pinning me to the ground . I then worked the jack and tested it by super tightening the valve but no matter what I tried , the jack still slowly lowers . There is not even enough time to change a tire without having to pump it back up so the tire can be returned . I then tried to contact the manufacture but could not get any response . I finally decided to return the jack to find that I had missed the return window by 7 days and now I would have to pay the shipping and only get a small percentage of the price . So a $ 120 lesson learned , to always `` fully '' check out items as soon as they arrive . IF I had read the reviews for this jack I would also have found that the `` foot quick lift lever '' was useless -LRB- which is so true -RRB- and that the lowering action is very hard to control -LRB- which is also true -RRB- . But having a heavy car lowering on to my chest trumps all other problems.So - DO NOT BUY THIS JACK !!!!
 Very bad and incomplete welds . Some of the welds are blotched . I ordered two sets and had to return them because I did not want to risk the car falling on me.I also have some pictures attached for you to see .
 The welds were shoddy and incomplete . There were gaps and cracks in the welds , with several potential failure points . I had to return them , since I would n't trust my life to that kind of poor quality .
 Ended up buying the hein-warner 3 ton jack and looked at them side by side . These are only the size of 2 ton jacks and upon inspecting the welds , they did n't even seal the seam properly on one of the two . Did not trust life under a car with these so returned them . $ 50 bucks more when safety is concerned is well worth not having a crushed ribcage .
 JACKS ; Value for price very disappointing . I wo n't pay this ever again . I bought another set at walmart with great strength and height at the same price
 BAD PRODUCT , WRONG WELDED , ITS ONLY WELD INSIDE , BUT NOT OUT SIDE , SO IS NOT RECOMENDED TO USE IT UNDER CAR . PLEASE DONT MAKE MY MISTAKE , IS NOT WELD RIGHT.THIS ITEM HAVE TO BE WELD IN BOTH SIDE , INSIDE AND OUT SITE , NOT ONLY INSIDE.THE PIN OR SECOND SAFETY PIN IS NOT GOOD AT ALL , IT MOVE AND DOES NOT HOLD THE POST RIGHT , ITS LIKE NOTHING , SO DOES NOT MAKE SENSE TO HAVE IT . -- TORIN WANTS TO SEND IT BACK EVERY YEAR FOR ANNUAL INSPECTION , BUT THEY DONT PAY FOR S/H . THIS SHOUL BE 1 TON , NOT 3 TON WITH THIS WELD FORM.MY ITEM LOOK USED NOT NEW , LOOK 'S LIKE SOME ONE USE IT AND RETURNED AND THEN , THEY SENT THEM TO ME . THE UPS DROP IT TO THE FLOOR , CAUSE I HAVE A GATE , SO BE AWARE OF UPS , THEY DONT CARE IF THEY BRAKE IT .
 I was leery of purchasing these as there were no dimensions listed . I already had a pair of 2 ton jacks ; was looking for bigger 3 tons for my full size pickup . They arrived on time but upon inspection they were the exact same size as my 2 tons -LRB- height , width , craftsmanship -RRB- . The only difference was the insert lug . It was about 1/8 &#34; thicker . I guess that 's were the increased capacity comes from . But again , being same size and limitations as my 2 tons ... they did n't meet my needs .
 Do n't buy this if you have an U.S. spec RAV 4 !!! I was very interested in buying this intake system for my RAV4 . I went to the K&N ; website and downloaded the instructions and studied them carefully . Then I noticed something odd.According to step # 15 , `` Remove the bolt that secure the wire loom bracket to the gear box mounting bracket as shown . '' I can not do this because the Cruise Control Actuator is in the way . Step # 16 instructs , `` Mount the heat shield onto the gear box mounting bracket using the bolt removed in step # 15 and one bolt supplied . '' I can not mount the heat shield in this location , again due to the Cruise Control Actuator.Also , once the heat shield is in place , the transmission fluid dipstick appears to be blocked . On the K&N ; instructions , see the pictures on Steps # 16 , 21 , 22 and 28 . In all of these pictures , the transmission fluid dipstick is not shown suggesting it is under the heat shield . With the heat shield in place , how do you check the transmission fluid level?I sent an email to K&N ; customer service . They were prompt in their response . But it turns out this intake is designed for European spec RAV4s only . The response I received from K&N ; was this : `` The main reason there are differences between your engine bay and the engine in the instructions , is because this kit was designed to work on European vehicles . It was not designed to be used on U.S. spec Rav-4 's . If you attempt to install this kit on a U.S. spec vehicle , you will encounter fitment issues , just as you have stated . We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you . ''
 The product looks sturdy and strong when looked at from the outside of it , but once you look on the inside of the stands the poor welding becomes very obvious . The pieces of metal are only welded on one side -LRB- the inside -RRB- when it should be done on both sides , and the work is rough , almost cracked looking and filled with holes . I definitely would not feel comfortable having the stands hold up my Corolla . I uploaded some photos of what the welds look like right out of the box so you can judge for yourself .
 For a SAFETY item , this is probably the worst I 've seen . After seeing a similar review of these jack stands , I inspected the stands I received . They were right . The WELDS were AWFUL ! Spotty and not done very well.I initially purchased these since I liked the redundant safety feature of having the ratchet AND the locking pin . HOWEVER , the piss-poor quality of the welds are not acceptable!If it were a non-critical piece , then a slightly weak weld could be forgiven especially given it 's price point.It 's beyond my return window to send it back to Amazon , but I could n't see having it end up in anybody else 's hands in good conscience . I wo n't even give them away . They 're going straight into the dumpster . The frame is going separate from the jack.Do not risk your life or the life of a loved one by buying this . Avoid at ALL costs .
 the first time I used it out of the box , one stand 's neck is broken . I decided this brand is the one I should avoid . And let my friend know it .
 I used only 3-4 times and it does n't clean as good as it advertised !!! WHAT A WAST OF MONEY !!!
 I do not know how anyone can say this product works . The commercials show a man using the product on a black sports car , and it dries like new . I have a black Cobalt and used this product for the first time today , in the shade , and in 74 degree weather . I followed to instructions exactly and after rinsing I noticed the soap had left a white film all over my car ! The water was drying spotless but the soap was n't . The water also was n't drying `` before my eyes '' either . I still had to end up going over my car with a cloth to remove the soap film . After I use all this I will not be buying a refill , if I even use it again . Luckily this was a gift or it would be going back to the store !
 ok 1st i swapped these out for a set of my oem bulbs , yes there a bit brighter and a bit whiter then stock but that was all ... plus thoes bulbs are 7.99 for a 2 pack . . these are $ 40 + I also order a pack of the Sylvania H1 SilverStar which are $ 20 less expecting them just to be like the oem bulbs ... . but no those bubs which only cost only 20 and were twice as bright as these and where WHITE unlike these ... just do n't waste your money because of the name
 I thought when I bout these bulbs that they were 110 W bulbs . I took that away from the discreption . But , they are actually 55 W bulbs and I already had those bulbs .
 Description suggests that is better than OEM . FALSE . It 's crap . I wasted money buying it and even more money getting it installed .
 Bought the lights for the PIAA quality , but they are no more than cheap blue bulbs . They give off no light and make it hard to see at night .
 Waste of money . These were a slight improvement over the lights that were in my car and this could have just been because they were getting old . Do n't waste your money . Buy cheap stock lights or HID 's
 I ordered this product for my son 's 1995 Nissan 200sx . This item claimed `` nibbed '' backing and displays attachment grommet for the driver 's side . The product I received was not nibbed -LRB- the backing was flat -RRB- and did not have driver 's side attachment grommet installed . I ordered the set of four grey mats , color was closer to black/charcoal than grey -LRB- I expected something much closer to a medium or even a light or dark grey but not nearly black -RRB- . I feel the product description was misrepresented . Quality of product seems good .
 Bought this product last week . Terrible Quality . Very disappointed with this product . It does not fit my 2006 Corolla well . No more AVS brand for me . I 'm going with WeatherTech .
 The jack came without oil . Had to purchase oil and fill the jack . I should have check around . There were better prices for the same jack at various locations for a cheaper price . Not very impressed with the product the the quality check .
 Many , if NOT the MAJORITY of today 's cars have a 12V lighter socket that shuts OFF when the key is removed from the ignition , which makes THIS product USELESS ! No power , NO FAKE LED BLINKING ! Of course , it will flash when you are driving , but what 's the point ?! In my Subaru , the power goes OFF when I leave the car , leaving this ` fake alarm ' OFF and serving NO PURPOSE . Check your lighter socket power BEFORE ordering or you will be disappointed and car prowlers will have a ` green light ' INSTEAD of a flashing RED light !
 This little gizmo is a great idea ... a flashing light to make it look like you have a car alarm.It goes in what used to be called a cigarette lighter and now is called a power outlet.There is one problem ; the car has to be running for the light to work . On my car , and I believe on most cars today , when you turn off the engine and remove the key no power goes to the outlet . That may not be true on some cars , but certainly is on the few cars I tried the gadget on.I could go under the dash and attempt to rewire the outlet , but that 's a little beyond my abilities or inclination.However , the price was so inexpensive that it was worth a try .
 This picture clearly shows the seat belt next to the headrest but there is no way to route the seatbelt . FAIL !
 I have the same pair gloves . I purchased them at Berts Mega mall . They Suck ! They tear easy as the fabric begans rip and bug up like a cheap section 8 apt carpet . I ride once a week and I 've had them for a year , but only just began riding 4 months ago . Today is 6/25/09 . . These gloves have no value .
 I bought a Curt model 11771 from Discount Hitch for my 2007 BMW 328i wagon . After a great deal of unpleasant time under the car , I tried to get a professional to install it . One dealer wanted $ 185.00 , the other would n't touch it . A friend in a body shop installed it for $ 30.00 and did a beautiful job . He had to ream two holes to make it fit and said that no one could do it without an air wrench . I saved about $ 80.00 compared to UHaul but it was barely worth it . I avoid UHaul at any cost because of past screwups .
 After less than 2 weeks after purchase , the charger would no longer hold the battery securely enough in order for it to charge . The batteries just keep popping back out . Tried other brands of batteries on it with the same result .
 Long one short , this fits Fuji NP-120 batteries . It certainly does n't fit my 60 like it says , and so I doubt it works with anything but the 120 . BUMMER !!! I wanted my camera working and now have to ship this thing back .
 Purchased this jack the first part of October.came in schedule time . a little over a month after I got it-it started leaking oil . contacted Amazon-nothing they could do - past one month however they did give a partial refund.have email torin two times and no response therefore the one star.couldn ' t go lower where rating should be
 i have not even got 3000 miles on these and have vibration in the pedal already.would not buy again , not pleased at all
 Please Do not full by the picture , it a TOY jack , very small you can put it for decoration , I thought I am buying a CAR jack , From the description it does n't show it is only a toy jack at all , and that is unexpectable someone should n't allow that from happening .
 In May 21 I received a Torin Jack item . the Torin T84801 is much shorter from length than i expected . Amazon 's page did n't describe -LRB- specification -RRB- how size of the T84801 was.I wo n't be able to this item .
 Same part number as the LUK brand - 11-011 - I bought the LUK part from Part Geeks and it did not fit my car . It took a month to get most of my money back and was a real pain overall . I had to pay shipping both ways .
 Must agree on the quality of the light however one of mine stopped working after 3 months of minimal use.That and the high price makes this a bad value .
 I 'm a bit of a fanatic with auto lighting , and I 've used most bulbs on the market at one time or another . I have IPF fat boy bulbs with a custom wiring harness in my Jeep and in the snow they are very bright and produce a lot of glare . I had the PIAA extreme whites in my fog lamps and thought I 'd give these a try as the intention was to use them only in the snow and fog . Granted , in the fog lights there is virtually no glare to begin with , but I 'm always interested in something better . I know that the whole `` yellow light works better in fog '' is a debunked myth , but I tried these anyway . Why not?These are not good at all . OK , they are better than stock bulbs , but I am much happier with the PIAA extreme whites . I really ca n't think of a case where these would be better . You do n't really get less glare with the plasma color , just less light .
 It has been about 5 years since I have used piaa bulbs and past experience was great . Now the qualitysucks plain and simple . 1st bulb lasted 3 days the other one went out 2 weeks later . I never ran the plasma bulbs before had the coated lenses . Went to these cause the Hella yellow stars are not even close , but at least they have lasted and are now back in use -LRB- bought them last winter -RRB- . Truthfully the piaa 's are not as yellow as I thought they would be but do get less glare back in the snow and rain . Time for piaa 's customer service and I to have a long talk . Once the rally bar is done for the Focus there will be Hella 's mounted on there not piaa .
 I bought this for the fogs on my 997 turbo and one side does not match the other and the color is very orange . I 've had good success with prior piaa yellow bulbs but this has been a big disappointment
 Not a clue what item the description is supposed to be for , but it 's not for this product ! Battery life ? Operating temperature ? It 's supposed to be a pitman arm puller . What is the minimum/maximum jaw opening ? How much more wrong could this description be ?
 This mat is n't custom made for your car , , , , even though it implies it is . Does n't fit , pegs in floor do n't fit either.Very unhappy with amazon AND weathertech over this item ...
 Bought this front mat set for my '01 BMW 330xi because I wanted to use this for winter driving here in New England and still use my carpet set during the summer . I also chose WeatherTech because I have a full set of WeatherTech 's custom molded liners that I use year-round in one of my other vehicles and am very happy with their quality after almost 4 years of use.Pros - Fits the floor space perfectly.Cons - Anchor holes in the mats for floor hooks are not aligned specifically for my vehicle . The anchor hooks supplied replace the `` velcro '' ones that come with the vehicle . They simply twist in and out with a quarter turn and you can easily interchange them to switch back and forth between mat sets , but I can only use the left rear anchor for the driver 's side . The right side anchor for the driver 's mat does not align with the anchor hole -LRB- off by about 1 '' -RRB- and the left anchor is actually about 3/8 '' too far aft . This causes the mat to `` bunch forward against the footrest and the base of the accelerator pedal assembly.Called WeatherTech Customer service and they did answer immediately , however they had no solution . Their explanation was that this was because the mat was a one size fits all for 3-series sedans manufactured from '99 to ' 06 . Overall these mats are better than the generic winter mats they replaced , but not up to the standards of what I expected from WeatherTech . There should have been a disclaimer about these not being a perfect fit when it came to the anchors . You may want to explore the `` genuine '' BMW All-weather mats -LRB- about the same price with shipping -RRB- . Update
 Got ta love spending a weekend lovingly rebuilding your motor to factory specs , then opening up the new timing cover you bought to make sure its done right and finding out that it has some serious flaws . The casting has two major problems
 This item does not fit my 1987 Buick Regal Grand National as advertised . The shaft of my stock original oil pump driving gear is too large to fit in the timing cover hole . My oil pump gears are also slightly too large for this cover . I know that my oil pump gears are original , as I am the original owner of the car .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Never got the product . I work out of state and the time i got home a month later the part was n't their . and still have n't received the part in three months ...
 Bought this DMM at RS . Dead on arrival . I pulled the battery and it tested fine on my other meter . Put it back together and started twisting the knob around . Presto , suddenly started to work . OK , decided to do a simple continuity test . It takes almost a second for a tone . Rubbing the leads together produces a scratchy tone . Even my $ 20 DMM gives a solid tone when rubbing the leads together . The voltage reading worked fine but when I tried switching over to ma the meter went dead . Switched back to voltage , the meter comes back on . Switched back to ma then it worked for a minute then died again . That was it for this POS . Due to the poor quality and toy-ish look and feel , it did n't last 10 minutes on my bench before I was packaging it back up for return . I 'll keep using my cheap $ 20 unit and save my money for a Fluke .
 Upon turning on the unit for the first time , I was surprised to hear a loud , high-pitched oscillation emanating from the meter . Ignoring the oscillation , I proceeded to test the various functions of the meter . I tried to measure a number of resistors without success . I then attempted to measure voltages , again without success . The meter was obviously defective , so I decided to return the item to Amazon . I was most pleasantly surprised by the ease of returning the defective meter . I found the return process to be a quick , simple , straight-forward procedure .
 Before I go into the cons , I 'll start by conceding that this is actually a pretty good meter in terms of measurements -LRB- at least for V , I , and R -RRB- . However , the capacitance measurement is a bit iffy , off by ~ 40 percent at small values -LRB- ~ 10 nf or less -RRB- , and off by 5-10 % through the rest of the range . Other meters in its price range do much better.Cosmetically it is cheap feeling , and the display has extra tall numbers which are difficult to read , especially at a glance . The probes do not seat firmly so I lack confidence that they will be reliable over time . On the plus side , the battery change is easy -- there 's a special compartment that opens with two machine screws -LRB- yes machine screws , there 's a metal nut molded into the shell -RRB- . But the mechanical pros end there . The remaining screws are self-tapped into plastic.The big problem with this meter is the difficulty in reaching the fuses . It 's a totally inexcusable cluster-f . First remove battery cover -LRB- 2 screws -RRB- . Then remove fold-out stand -LRB- 2 screws plus two pieces that fall apart -RRB- , then remove 4 screws on the back cover -LRB- recessed holes are so narrow only a mini screwdriver will fit -RRB- . Then pull the front and back covers apart carefully while pushing the battery leads through a slot in the battery compartment allowing the halves to separate . A plastic filler piece falls out of the the meter shell which you must remember to replace on re-assembly -LRB- I did n't , so I had to do the whole process twice -RRB- . Now you 're about halfway there . The fuses are pinched between two circuit boards , requiring the removal of one of the boards to expose the fuses.There is no excuse for this kind of hassle -- it 's just plain bad design . All you have to do to blow a fuse is accidentally try to measure current in parallel with a component , and poof , a half hour of dissembling time . Plus the fuse is some freakishly tiny model , even smaller than a 5x20mm . I run an electrical engineering lab -- I stock nearly a hundred different fuses and I have never seen that type of fuse in anything.While this meter may make pretty good measurements , the cumbersome fuse change renders it unserviceable in my book .
 I got the red and black version for my 2004 BMW 325i . The fit is poor and they shift every time you sit down . I had a seam start comming undone after only 1 week . They are total crap . Very much regret getting them .
 This item is the `` T '' shaped hood catch for 1942-1995 Jeep CJ and Wrangler YJ . It is not a hood catch for the 1996-2007 Jeep Wrangler TJ as shown in the photo . Very missleading .
 What you sent was a Fuel Vapor Purge VALVE ... NOT a Cannister Purge Solenoid , two completely different parts !! You would think , considering you sell Auto Parts you would know the difference .
 I installed this on my T-Bucket . I discovered that the two wires which enter the license plate frame are located in such a manner that they will be pinched between the frame and the plate . This is a potential for a possible short of one or both of those wires after a period of time . I trimmed a notch into the edge of the license plate so that the wires would not be sandwiched between it and the frame.The red lens for the 3rd brake light is of poor quality , consisting of a flat piece of red colored plastic , that appears pink at the location of the bulb directly behind the lens .
 Thought I 'd replace rear axle - left/right . They look outstanding . However after installing and going out for test drive , one of the drums was out-of-round enough to make a rhythmic thumping when braking . Replaced with old drums and sound disappeared . Oh well ...
 This was cheaply made and began falling apart almost immediately . further , it poorly fit my 2005 Ranger UTV . I have done better strapping small tarps over the box to keep the UTV 's contents clean and dry . Save your dough - this product leaves alot to be desired in terms of both quality and function .
 Thse clamps say they are stainless steel , however only the band was stainless . The Worm gear is made of Iron-steel ! The metal looked funny , so I checked with a magnet . We get similar Ideal-Tridon clamps elsewhere -LRB- for less cost -RRB- , and they definately do not stick to a magnet . Over the years I have already been fooled by this . Kept in a moist or humid enviornment these will rust and eventually fail . Rusty clamps look bad , stain adjacent surfaces , are hard to remove , and may not hold properly . Basically do not know of any reason to recommend these clamps .
 Title says it all . Somebody doing data entry messed this one up ... It 's a 2lb dead-blow hammer , not a 7 lb as the title and description claims . -LRB- You can google the model number , or zoom in on the picture to verify - the label on the handle says 2lb . -RRB- Returned for a prompt refund .
 This cover is a perfect fit for my bike , and is easy to put on and take off . It stores in a small pack for travel.However , it is made of incredibly weak material ... . Perhaps an old Chinese bed sheet . I live near the ocean , where it is mostly cloudy , so we are not talking extreme sunlight conditions here . It is coming apart . The pull points are tearing and the fabric on top has torn in several places . My friends kid me about my repairs using more thread than the original sewing-up . I would not recommend this for outside use , but will keep this one for inside use and perhaps as a pattern for a home-made cover.It has been replaced with one with a lifetime guarantee , which is also made of heavier material . Starts with D. I paid a little more but will get a lot more use out of it .
 This is one of the most deceptive things I 've ever seen !! Looking at the picture in the ad , one would think the price is for a box of these packets . . After-all , It 's only GREASE !!!! No , you get ONE stinking packet , not even enough to grease your 5th wheel ONE TIME !!! Then of course , you CA N'T return it , because Amazon claims it 's `` hazardous '' , but the product is SENT from Amazon ... Might be a good product , but as anyone with a truck knows , greasing a 5th wheel is something that needs to be done on a regular basis , and you 'd have to pay $ 25 for a one time deal ?? TOTAL RIP OFF !!!
 These rotors were the wrong diameter for my 2002 Hyundai Santa Fe . The diameter was too small so the rotors do n't cover the entire brake pad !! Yes , these rotors do fit on the vehicle , and they do stop the vehicle , but they are NOT the right rotors . 1/3 of my front brake pads do n't even touch the rotors .
 Bought this item readily after the amazon website confirmed its the right fit for my vehicle . When it arrived , I opened the package only to realize that it had a male connector . The one in my car -LRB- the faulty one -RRB- has a female connector . Please be mindful of this while ordering .
 The car connection was female and the oem one was male sadly this one wasnt male thought of just splicing the old cennection to it but didnt want to deaL with it ... MAKE SURE ITS THE RIGHT CONNECTION !!!!!!
 ordered all four O2 sensors for my ford f250 . the two downstream o2 sensors worked just fine and cancelled two codes . The two new upstream sensors added 4 codes -LRB- i only had 2 to start with -RRB- ... . they were n't working . I reinstalled one of the old Bosch o2 sensors and it worked just fine now im down to one code . I will NEVER buy Denso o2 sensors again . i have ordered a new bosch as the last replacement . A simple 1-2 hr job took 21/2 days
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I ordered this part for a 2002 Honda Accord . The Amazon listing said this was the right part . WRONG ! This part WILL NOT fit a 2002 Honda Accord . I 'm sure the part is fine but Amazon needs to make sure their listing of application is correct !
 ******** This is NOT the one next to muffler . ******* AutoZone diagnosed my ECL and confirmed with p1166 and p1167 error codes . However , they quoted me this O2 sensor for $ 199 . This one from Amazon for my California Honda Accord LX 2.3 L costs me only $ 54.7 . One major downside is that the cable is about 1.25 '' short . Moreover , it my ECL lighted on after a couple of days again . So I guess the price sometimes is not a factor to buy or not to buy . After several tries , I ended up paying someone to fix it anyway.Finally , I returned it back to Amazon but Amazon claimed they did not receive it , never . So I got nothing back . I am tired of arguing with them . I 'll gradually decrease my purchased from Amazon .
 The mirror lasted 4 days before it fell off the bike . The plastic ball-joint became loose the 1st time I used it . I tightened up the joint before each ride after that . On the 4th ride after instalattion the mirror fell off as I was riding down the road . I should have known that it was cheap for a reason .
 This sentiment is deeply mistaken , and is symptomatic of a deep seeded thirst for hurting others and ignoring wiser people who would have them stop . Terrorism is a tactic of war , not an organization or a person . Those who are against war are by definition against terrorism . The idea that those who are anti-war are for terrorism is as foolish as the idea that Iraq had a role in the massacre on 9/11/01 . If you wish to take a role in the world , you will be better equipped if you actually know something of it first . Blindly lashing out at something you do n't understand makes you look unlearned and will only result in being ignored by anyone with knowledge.I would hope that no one wishes to purchase such an item .
 This product is 100 bucks cheaper than ordering it through Ford BUT ... At first glance it looked just like the old regulator I pulled out of my door but then I noticed that this one 's motor was literally half the size as the Ford OEM equipment . This did n't seem like a big deal at the time but after the install and hours of fiddling I could still only get the new regulator to close the window completely 3 out of 4 times without stalling . And at half the speed of the origional at that.Some time saving tips if you are going to try this product : You will have to drill out two rivets to dismount the window from the origional unit and I recomend getting the special replacement rivets from Ford before hand . OR you could do what I did and use 21/4 '' bolts 2 flat washers and 2 nyloc selflocking nuts . You need self locking nuts because of this next tip . And to clarify , No it DID NOT come with any type of installation instructions , diagrams or mounting hardware.It seems that the special rivets do n't sandwich the two pieces together comletely and leave the pieces room to move around on each other as one hole is slotted . So you will need the self locking nuts to make that fine adjustment without worring about your nuts and bolts coming apart . This is important because if you tighten the nuts and bolts completely the window has not any room to move back and forth on the regulator as it travels up and down on the rails and will cause the motor to stall out.And finally when you get completely fed up and notice that the two motor mounts are simular enough to swap them around so you can still have your twice as torquie OEM motor DO N'T DO IT!Even though you might be mechanically inclined enough to do the swap you are not prepared for that can of worms.When you a knees deep in this swap and have the drive boxes open swapping the cable from one drive drum to the other and putting everything back together , somewhere between that point and actually testing the conversion fully installed in your door you will realize that the drive drum from the OEM and from the Dorman are two different diameters . Now also somewhere between those two points you are going to realize that because the drums are different sizes that will also mean that so are the cables ... . And if you do n't know where I am going from here you should just know that different cable legnths mean your window will not have the full range of motion that it did before.SO ... . to save you a lot of time spent in Dorman hell , I did it for you and I 'm here to tell you that if you can not get the new regulator to work the way the old one did these are the steps that I already tried for you . Hope my experence helped you out in your decision to NOT TO BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 Worked for about a year then it broke . I contacted Dorman they refused to replace it , even though they advertise a lifetime warranty . They told me I would have to contact Amazon for a replacement . I contacted Amazon and they refused to replace it because it was outside of the 30 return period .
 You describe this as .750 '' thick it is in fact .075 '' thick . Big difference . Review decimal fractions . Other than that this stuff goes on easily but I ca n't tell that it stopped much sound in my car .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I really thought that there would be two bulbs for almost 50 bucks . There is nothing special about these bulbs other than the yellow tint.If you do n't need them to match your 525 piaa lights , they are absolutely unnecessary . My first bulb only lasted a couple months and the second burned out a couple months after that.I have not got a more than 80 hours per bulb . I 'm really displeased and would not recommend .
 The product was in good condition , but the color is not that I expected , the Title says . `` Extreme white '' but is the same color that the normal bulbs
 This is a reg 55 w h3 bulb with blue color over it same light as the 3.55 h 3 bulB at part store . WHAT A RIP OFF .
 When i have installed the Bulb after that I came to know that its not pure white , so I am disappointed with the description which that product has saying XTREME WHITE :-LRB- which is not really . its bit yellow .
 Not worth the cost . They are blue but not significantly better than Sylvania Bludot Halogens . I currently have them on Craigs list . IDO NOT RECCOMEND !!
 To my surprise these bulbs are not very bright . Unfortunately this is true . If I knew that it 's that bad I 'd keep using the German ones from the local W/Mart , much cheaper and even little brighter .
 Amazon 's vehicle fitment indicated this would work on my 04 GMC Sierra 1500 -- and other sites also showed this part number as the right one for my truck . I ordered it , received it , installed it , confirmed the brake light worked but the cargo lamps did not.Ok , it might be a dud , so I contacted Amazon , requested a replacement , shipped the dud back , received a replacement -- and it did the same thing -LRB- brake light worked , cargo lamp did not -RRB- .2 duds in a row ? That seems hard to believe . It seems more likely that this third brake light is not compatibile with the 03-06 GMC Sierra 1500 . The Sierra 's and Silverados DO have minor wiring differences and this brake light could be running into one of them.Caveat emptor .
 I was extremely disappointed to receive this item and find that it did not fit on my '09 Silverado . The screw holes did not line up , and it was not even a match to fill the hole left by the factory light .
 Installation is easy and quick , looks great in the truck , giving a much clear look.But after installation the 6 white LEDs that is suppose to illuminate the truck bed did not work , took it apart , unplug and plug back in , open the truck door and again nothing !! after trying for over 30 min . I decide to leave the truck door open unplug everything and plug the old 3rd break light and it work perfect , them I unplug it again and plug the Putco and the light work.Screw everything back in place whit the light on , and after close the truck door and let it sit for couple minutes ... . Again no light !!!! I do n't know what to do to fix it !!! The instructions are clear '' Plug and Play `` I would not recommend this product to anyone !!!
 These were the wrong pitons for my application . They were suspose to be for a Toyota 4AGE engine and they were not . Received 4 different sets and all were wrong . Someone messed up with packaging or something , but 4 sets wrong ?
 A pump that does n't rise pressure ... I did n't return it since I live in Costa Rica and it would take too long
 In the Subaru WRX , it loses power.With this valve in place to measure dynamometer and the car slowed.Do not know why?We put a GFB valve and gained more horsepower
 So disappointed that Monroe seems to have quality issues . Bought shocks in April 2010 . Left side started leaking badly in January 2011 and car was squirrely to drive on the Interstate . Now in September 2011 , the right side is leaking and has reduced damping to make the car unstable.Very dissappointed in Monroe 's quality and would not buy again . Frustrated because Bilstein or Koni does not make a shock for the 2002 Pathfinder . Love to buy American , but feel I 've been burned on quality .
 it said this one can be used in my 99 ' Sienna but the connector does n't fit the car . I had to cut the wires and connect it to the old connector . Anyway it work with a lot extra work of wire-ironing .
 The sensors I ordered were received loose in a box with no paperwork . I have no way of knowing if they were new or not . After installing them they showed defective soon after being installed . They have to run through a cycle , according to manufacturer , to test them . All mechanics I talked to , including the dealer , said they know of nothing that would cause them to go bad almost immediately . The supplier , AutoLineParts , has not responded.SRubie
 Well , Amazon.com claims this fits my 97 Toyota Camry , however it appears that the part is actually for the 6-cylinder motor , not the 4 cylinder version.Now thats two oxygen sensors I 've sent back to them .
 I liked the design on it , although I wish it was embroidered . But the seams on the wheel cover are annoying . Your hands get caught on the seams around the design when the wheel is coming back around after a turn . The seams on the inside of the cover are not flush where it is sewn together and so you have this sharp point that sticks out and stabs your fingers when you grab it . Very disappointed . Took it off after a few weeks .
 The item is supposed to fit my 1995 Acura Integra GS-R . It does not . When received , the packaging states that the item is for 1992-1997 Honda Civics . Otherwise it looks like a well-made product .
 This item does not fit Acura Integra 1994 , I will have to send item back for refund or exchange . Amazon need to correct the description .
 Stitches fell out after 8-10 rides . Quality is very and very low ... Do n't get confused by its look , safety first !
 I 'm looking for an Oxygen sensor for 2001 Mitsubishi Montero , Bank-2 Sensor-2 -LRB- exhaust side for cylinders 2-4-6 , post cat -RRB- and Denso says Cat # 23522 , NGK say 234-4633 . So why does the Amazon part have a Denso name with a NGK part # ?
 This hitch may work for very light accessories , but with my snowsport receiver mount plow -LRB- which is all aluminum and light enough for one person to lift on and off with ease -RRB- caused it to bend to the point where it is unusable in only a few days of use . I ca n't imagine even a bicycle rack or heavy cooler would n't do the same thing . Maybe I got a bad one , but I wo n't be buying another . Also , you should know -LRB- which I did n't when I purchased this -RRB- that it mounts to the TOP of the front bumper , not underneath . So if you have a hoop , winch , lights or light bar etc. . . you may have to remove them to use this . Also in my opinion it looks very ugly when installed . I would recommend having one made custom , or adding gusseting to this one , or going with a heavy duty front bumper with an integrated hitch . Of course if you do n't mind the looks of this top mount hitch , it will probably do fine if you are only carrying very light accessories . Oh and as the other reviewer who has not yet installed it said , it does LOOK heavy duty , unfortunately I can tell you it does n't act that way .
 I bought this seat cover at Big Lots for $ 7.00 I would like a second one but not at $ 49.99 , I hope that this price was a typo and you meant $ 4.99 ???
 The item arrived on time and was immediately installed . However , it did not preform as advertised . It was said to replace a conventional brake light but was nowhere near as bright .
 Bought a set of these for my Jag XJS . They were purported to be custom cut but they do not fit the foot well and have to have folds along the edges and are not fitted like originals are.Trying to make contact to anyone that cares or could do anything is impossible.Will be returning these and will get a proper set.I wonder if any other vehicles have the same issues , but seems that for my Jag , their template was off .
 The service engine soon light came on and stayed on because of this . While the site said it would fit ... it did not . The quality is great and I wish it would have worked because it would have been a wonderful deal .
 this is listed to fit a 1961 cadillac , however the 61 had 1960 model suspension pARTS HALF THAT PRODUCTION YR.NOT THE SAME PART . 1 IS THREADED THE OTHER IS A PRESS FIT SHAFT.MONEY LOST
 I had previously had a set of these in my Altima . They were a nice bright WHITE light . These are named extreme but are nothing more then bright yellowish lights ... Guess i 'm going to have to go with HIDs to get the look I want . I had silverstar bulbs and these are no better .
 I have no idea how the previous owner thinks these bulbs are white ... the light is CLEARLY YELLOW ! my stock bulbs are better than these . The color tempreature with a meter was about 2900Kelvin NOT EVEN CLOSE to the 4000K advertised ... did i get the wrong item ? Packaging said 4000K XTREME PLUS !
 1 -RRB- Not much better then the stock bulb , hard to tell it is `` extreme white `` 2 -RRB- PIAA warrants all halogen bulbs for a period of 1 year , bulb failed after 11/2 years
 I bought it because I thought PIAA is a famous brand . But returned the item right away after finding out that it is no way close to Xtreme White . It says 4000K but but I think it is close to 3600K . Not only that it was n't powerful enough as well.H11 is very unique fitting and it is hard to find in local dealers because only few vehicles use it . Like my 2006 4Runner . So you dont have much options . But recently all the big brands have released this fitting which can be easily found on internet -LRB- after a few searches -RRB- . Finally I bought H11 NOKYA 4500K with high watt output . I am really happy with it .
 I installed this on my older Dodge pickup truck.I bought a chassis wiring kit thru NAPA which made the install pretty much a breeze.This thing worked OK for a few weeks , but then lights started ` dropping out ' and would n't light.It will be way too much trouble to remove this thing for any warranty replacement so I will live with it until it completely dies.When it is dead it will not be replaced!Save your money on this product ~ it is too much hassle and it does not last .
 I purchased the product expecting the light to be close to HID brightness but unfortunately these bulbs still look like standard halogens when compared to an HID bulb . I probably would go with Silver Stars by Sylvania if I have the chance again since they are just as bright and half the price .
 These bulbs are not up to PIAA standards in output . They are made for a girl who drives a prius or a even a Kia . Even a `` Silverstar '' is brighter and less money .
 Stitches fell out after 8-10 rides . Quality is very and very low ... Do n't get confused by its look , safety first !
 I ordered two white innerside Delta Pro boxes . They arrived with black legs ! The legs bolt to each corner of the box so you can attach it to the bed of your truck . This made no sense to me so I called Delta direct and asked about this . They told me that this was correct . I am not rating the quality of the box here , just the lack of attention to detail . Actually this is n't just a small detail , and since the company is aware of it and chooses to not do anything about it , I give 2 stars . My boxes were both damaged upon arrival , but this was n't Delta 's fault . I would have reordered , except for the issue with the legs .
 Hi , do not put zero stars because there is no such rating so I put a star , I 've always bought piaa bulbs , and do not last long , burn , besides talking about this light is not white , it gives a clear amber light , my desepcion was pretty big when I saw them on , I did not like and I lost my money , not recommended if you want white light.Thnak you
 As others have stated buy OEM , this aftermarket door handle broke within 3 months of normal use . Seller does not stand behind their product and offered no replacement even though I contacted in a timely manor . They strung me out time wise on replacing and then closed the dispute as not within replacement period.I bought OEM this time and was only about $ 5 more from another Amazon vendor , well worth not buying aftermarket or dealing with this seller .
 If you are looking for a quality OEM or near-OEM part for your Jeep YJ or TJ , look elsewhere . As a general rule , if you are looking for quality , pay a quality price ... under $ 5.00 US is not a quality price . The internal housing is rather flimsy causing the lock/latch pin to pop out of place and the lock button 's raised lettering is n't even painted white -LRB- as the picture would lead you to believe -RRB- . 9 times out of 10 the clips that hold your original OEM lock and door latch rods in place have broken -LRB- as did mine -RRB- , so if all else fails -LRB- on this cheap piece of Taiwanese junk -RRB- you can simply use the clips as a replacement in your original OEM door latch .
 Hi , do not put zero stars because there is no such rating so I put a star , I 've always bought piaa bulbs , and do not last long , burn , besides talking about this light is not white , it gives a clear amber light , my desepcion was pretty big when I saw them on , I did not like and I lost my money , not recommended if you want white light.Thnak you
 The floormats are not a good fit in the front floor boards . Neither side fits like the manufacturers mats and they are not cut as seen in the picture . If you want something that is a meg shift fit , then these are for you .
 DO NOT ORDER THIS PRODUCT !!! I ordered the king version and it is horrible . I want my money back !!!! This was delivered in three boxes and was bound by plastic wrap . Once out of the box , the three layers were cut with what looked like pinking shears and were horribly uneven . This was NEVER a mattress that sold for 1259.00 ... When I tried to return it All Sleep was helpful at first but I could not package the layers to send . While trying to come up with a solution to the shipping problem , the UPS labels they sent to me expired and now they will not return any emails or calls . They are not a member of the BBB in MA , so foget trying to report them.WORST SERVICE AND PRODUCT EVER !
 Do not buy these bulbs they are not what you think . I purchase a pair & they only lasted me 9 mouths . What a waste of money . PIAA my only be good for sponsorship . Try to buy hella before PIAA that 's my opinion . Do not buy PIAA .
 The bulbs preformed well while they lasted . The bulbs burned out after 6 months of use . I 've had other -LRB- much cheaper -RRB- brands of bulbs last up to 4 years ! PIAA does not back their warranty and the customer service is horrible . I gave up on trying to get them to back their product and bought a different brand . I would stay away from any and all PIAA products .
 The lights were no brighter than a standard h3 halogen bulb that you can buy for 8.95
 I bought these off of tire rack for $ 73 plus shipping . $ 82 total . RIP OFF . I had DOT Approved $ 15 lights that outshined these EXPENSIVE bulbs by a wide margin . The low beams are a nice color of white . NOT Purple/Blue . Plus , it is not very BRIGHT . Not as bright as my old cheap bulbs . The high beams are also White , not blue at all . I was really excited about these `` high performance '' bulbs , but it was all hype . Packaging , marketing , high price , make them seem `` better '' than the rest . They DO N'T look anything like real HID 's . Anyone who would confuse the two must be blind , or just retarded . DO NOT BUY . You have been warned .
 With that money , i can buy many 's regular bulb , is the same ... i get those bulbs last week , and i 'm not so happy ...
 worst bulb ive ever owned . the color is cool but they dont light up the road worth a dam ! they burnt out within about 9months
 The mudflaps I ordered for the front of my 2008 Tahoe did not fit and I returned them . Then I could not find a matching set that would work so I was not able to use them and had to go to GM to get the right ones . So I am stuck wi.th two rear mudflaps
 This rotor is 3/4 '' smaller in diameter than the original rotor on my truck . I did not check any of the other dimensions since the diameter is critical . My Ranger XLT 4WD 4.0 came with 12 '' rotors . These are 11-1/4 '' rotors .
 I spent 50 dollars for these seat covers and a week after I got them and put them on , the drivers seat cover started ripping . I did not want to go through the hassle with returning and shipping and being on the phone . I just thought that since I had this opportunity to post this message , I would warn someone about buying this product . The stitching was obviously not done correctly , these should have lasted me for a long time , I wo n't order from Amazon again .
 I bought these because I thought they were very pretty and they matched the color scheme of my car . And while they did turn out to be just as pretty as I thought , they do n't fit the seats very well . They are sort of baggy , and the material of the seat covers is velvety and it clings to my clothing , so half the time , the seat cover starts to come off every time I get in and out of the car . I 'll keep using them until they wear out , but I certainly would never buy them again .
 I ordered this a couple of years ago . They tore right away . They look nice at first but do n't last very long . I would never buy this brand again , they are too cheap .
 I purchased these seat covers , put them in my new 2010toyota carolla and the 2nd time my wife and I sat in them both seat covers ripped at the seams.These covers are junk and there is no place or phone number to make a complaint thru!I am vary disapointed in this product and Amazon.com
 i do n't recoment this cover if u have a nissan altima because this are over side in two world very bad
 I bought these mirrors because they looked great and matched the dragon theme of my motorcycle . They did look awesome on my bike , but that 's as far as it went . They bore the Arlen Ness name which to me should have meant quality . First I had to buy them as a left and a right - they are not sold in sets . Then I had to buy adaptors , however the store where I got them failed to say the adapters had to be bought individually so I had to order a second . Once on the bike , within a few kilometres the mirrors were loose and spinning around . It did not matter what was done , they 'd shake loose and spin -LRB- the mirror part not the stems -RRB- . This is a huge distraction when riding . Eventually on a high speed highway , the left mirror fell off and exploded into a million useless pieces . I must also say you have to figit a lot in order to get a line of view because the mirrors are so tiny . The right left mirror was also very distorted . It was too much of a pain to send them back across the border . Needless to say , I am very hesitant to buy any more Arlen Ness mirrors unless I can get them locally and able to return them .
 I am very disappointed with this item . In just a few short months all the stitching ripped exposing the metal bars inside . The product is now completely useless !!
 I purchased this item to sit on the front floor of my Honda CR-V -LRB- rather than hang over the seat.First off the material felt cheap so not sure how long it would last . Next , there is a strip of velcro on the bottom to of the litterbag to hold the tissue box in place and did n't appear that it would hold the box well when hanging the vehicle is moving . Lastly , it did n't fit well where I wanted to place it so I gave it to my parents . Not sure if they use it or not.The concept is good but falls short in quality in my opinion .
 I primarily used it for monitoring manifold pressure under force induction engines ... it would work for a while but it soon developed heat cracks and require replacement . Avoid using this stuff in the future and go with something more heat tolerant .
 installed in my '97 ram sport . i expected better performance . it is possible that i got the reflex designed for the dakota p/u . tip for customers dealing with parts people . make sure they get the right part for your ride . provide them with your vehicle vin # if possible . more than once ive watched them punch in numbers in their computer and they type so fast , they can look up and pick the wrong product # and you wind up buying a part not designed for your application . the more info they have on your ride , the more accurate the product # will be for the part you need .
 Monroe makes these shocks and they are SUPPOSED to have the best Lifetime warranty but they do n't . To me , `` Lifetime '' means that I never have to buy them again if they wear out . Most places use this definition but NOT MONROE!Most of the time you will never know that they do n't honor the warranty because you do n't keep your car long enough . I am one of those few people that kept the car for a long time and now my shocks are worn out again . Sorry NO WARRANTY FOR THAT ! Only if they break or leak . Wearing out is not covered !! I bought my shocks at SEARS and they wo n't help me . I will never buy Monroe shocks again and I will never buy from Sears Auto again . I recommend that you google `` sears auto scandle '' for many hours of interresting reading !
 DO NOT ORDER THIS PRODUCT !!! I do n't know who these people are that are soo satified but I think they are planted reviews . This was delivered in three boxes and was bound by plastic wrap . Once out of the box , the three layers were cut with what looked like pinking shears and were horribly uneven . This was NEVER a mattress that sold for 999.00 ... When I tried to return it All Sleep was helpful at first but I could not package the layers to send . While trying to come up with a solution to the shipping problem , the UPS labels they sent to me expired and now they will not return any emails or calls . WORST SERVICE AND PRODUCT EVER !
 Advertised with a clamp base to secure with ... Did n't have one . 8 foot power cord is more like 3.5 ft. Unhappy with this product . Not going to get another from BR tools .
 Good looking product but very weak.I had one of the same one before that I bought from an autozone and it last fair enough . Then went to look for the same one in amazon and as soon I sat 4 times it broke where the little screen is .
 When I received this kit the first time , it only contained enough parts for one wheel -LRB- 2 -RRB- , I called a local parts distributor and he said there should be enough parts for both front wheels -LRB- 4 -RRB- , so I sent the kit back to Amazon with the explanation that the kit was short of components , Amazon cheerfully replaced the parts , but the new kit only had enough components for one wheel as the first did , and as you can see by the picture , there should be 4 pieces , not 2 , so by now , I have to get the vehicle 's assembled , so I order 3 more boxes from a different distributor , and there is indeed 4 pieces per box -LRB- same exact part number on the box -RRB- , so now I know I got ripped off by the Amazon supplier , and I have too many components from the other distributor due to the assumption that Amazons distributor was treating me right , in a nutshell , just buy your parts locally where you can see what you are getting , the 1 star is because of the distributor , Amazon exchanged the parts flawlessly and courteously , their distributor is the problem .
 Just awful paint . I bought 2 cans of this expensive paint , and both cans clogged and bubbled up . The color was an especially ugly flat black ; and honestly , I could not see any texture on the small amount that sprayed out.The paint was successful in drooling all over my hand though .
 I ordered the item to fit my pick up and you shipped a large size . I returned it and received a refund . Still looking for one the right size . You had none so I am looking elsewhere .
 I was surprised to find that the hooks would not wrap around the rails on my car . If yours are wider than an inch the hooks will be too small .
 I used the website to determine which brake pads to purchase using the model year , vehicle line and other criteria the website requests . I ordered the DP61613 per the system recommendation . After tearing down my vehicle to replace the parts , I discovered that this part did not fit my vehicle . Upon my private investigation , I learned that this part is for the model year prior to my vehicle.Beware when you are taking recommendations from this site and supplier . This issue occurred with the brake pads and brake disks ; therefore they are not reliable when providing the parts required for vehicles.EBC Brakes DP61613 Disc Brake Pad
 I got this hub thinking that it would fit my warrior . Because the picture is identical to mine . Apparently this is for a honda and the picture isnt even close . Go by the model number , I hope someone can learn from my mistake .
 I purchased this kit to install on my 1999 F150 . Installation of the components was fairly straightforward , and , except for routing the wiring harness behind the dash , it went fairly easily . Getting the wiring in place was extremely difficult , not because of any fault with the kit , but simply because the space behind the dash of my truck is extremely tight . I persevered , though , and finally managed to get the wires through.The instructions , by the way , are very poor . The main instructions are printed on the inside of the cardboard sleeve of the box , and are hard to read at best . The additional instructions for the remote system are confusing . The instructions also would have you hook the remote to the main control box incorrectly , causing the system to work backwards -LRB- i.e. , unlock when it 's supposed to lock , and vice-versa . -RRB- Ubfortunately , after installation , the system did not work , either in `` manual '' mode , or with the remote . I did some troubleshooting , and determined the actuator on the right door was apparently internally short-circuited , and the excessive current draw had damaged the control box.I emailed the importer -LRB- yes , it 's made in China , but is imported by an American company -RRB- , and received a reply in fairly short order . They asked me to call them and talk about the problem . When I called , I had to work my way through a tortuous voice menu to finally get a real human . The man I talked to seemed to be reasonably knowledgeable , gave me some ideas for further troubleshooting , but made no offer to replace defective components . I tried to ask him directly about this , and he said I needed to go through Amazon.com , since I bought it through them . Of course , Amazon.com will only exchange the entire kit , and I have no desire to remove the wiring harness after the difficulty I had installing it!I have emailed the importer again about the problem -LRB- over a week ago ! -RRB- and have yet to receive a reply . I have tried calling them again , and , even after I manage to get past trhe voice menus , I wind up on hold for long minutes , until I finally get disconnected.I 'm willing to accept the idea that bad parts sometimes happen , and will need to be replaced . Apparently , though , this company is not interested in backing the product they sell . That being the case , I suggest you look elsewhere for a different make kit .
 Do not buy this device ! Purchased from Amazon and it failed after 5 months . After being on the phone with the Hoffman Group -LRB- and being placed on hold for a very long time -RRB- , they said the actuator was dead and it going to be an extra $ 35 . I asked `` Is n't it under warranty ? '' They said that they do n't warranty any items sold at Amazon and that I would have to go through Amazon for warranty work . That 's weird cause when I look at the box it says to contact them . To make a long story short , do n't buy this piece of junk ...
 I should have read the reviews here first before I bought this product . After all the hardwork I have done when I tested the unlock feature it does not work but the lock button functioned . Defective control box module . Now I have to take it out and find a better remote keyless entry . Hard earned dollar down the drain . My suggestion is test it first before you install permanently so you can return the product .
 Instructions missing , tech support is an answering machine , Cheap made chinese garbage . I recommend getting a SPAL kit , way better , night and day difference . The keyless entry is hardwired , not plug and play . The wiring harness is too short for A full size truck .
 First , it 's only ONE cover , NOT a pair.It 's made of fairly thick acrylic , clear and optically pretty good . Problem is , I could n't get it onthe fog light without it shattering . Not sure I even want to attempt it after ordering another PAIR ofthem -LRB- almost $ 30.00 ?!?!?! -RRB- . Dang . I might just give up on this one , though I really want to protect myexpensive fog lights .
 The product was listed as a `` kit '' containing all the parts to rebuild the recoil starter except the rope . There is a systematic selection process to make sure the item will service your model . That service said that this was , indeed , the kit required . When the package arrived it had some issues ... first , it was n't a kit , second it contained a single part , a pulley and thirdly it was the wrong part for my model . Arrangements were made with the seller and Amazon to return the item for a full refund.However , that process was set up so that only those with a full service computer and accessories were used . I did n't have a printer or a program that allowed a prepaid shipping label to be issued and the sellers are not able to send you one via snail mail . ... and ... with discussion with both the seller and Amazon , I requested that the proper KIT be sent to me and it was my understanding that this would be done . . nada so far and I 'm waiting as fast as I can ... not a good experience at all ... I assume that this is an isolated instance . . hopefully anyway ... BTW there should be a zero star selection on this page for the `` how do you rate this item '' a single star suggest that there was something right about it when , in truth , there is/was nothing good about the thing !
 Details lists for a 11/16 inch sway bar . It is actually for a 11/16 bar . Please correct detail info .
 I had these bulbs in both of my cars and three of the bulbs burned out in 4 months time . I have replaced many headlight bulbs and I know not to touch the glass . I emailed Piaa and got no response . These things are junk do some research .
 I usually go with Silvania SilverStar Headlights . Never had a problem ; last for a couple of years . I decided to `` treat '' my car and go with these PIAA 17655 . Oops . 4-months later , one is dead . Waste of money .
 I have no idea how they market these bulbs as having any component of `` blue '' to the light . I bought these to better match my HID low beams , in a word they do n't . The stock HIDs which are quoted to be 4300K , they are white maybe a little blue . These PIAA bulbs are if anything yellow , there is no way anybody could say these are at all blue -LRB- the back of the box calls out the blue component -RRB- with a strait face and they are n't even really white . There is no color difference between these and the bulbs that I replaced them with . That is a shame as that is the only reason somebody would buy a bulb like this . The worst part is they even show on the side of the box what their 4000K bulbs should look like , I can hold the box up next to the white wall the lights are shining on and it is n't even close.On the plus side they are not dim , but the bulbs I pulled out were n't either and they cost half the price .
 These bulbs where advertiseds as having a lite blue tint . There is no blue tint at all they are between yellow and clear . I would not recommend them to any one else .
 After all the hype about PIAA , they were no better than my stock bulbs . Nothing `` Super White '' about them that I can see . Look for 5k bulbs before these .
 Not a blue light by anyone 's standards , though it is advertised as having a hint of blue and the bulb itself has a blue tip - but the output just looks white . Headlight burned out less than 3 months after certified mechanic 's installation . Warranty replacement process is not user friendly . Just finding where to send the bulbs for replacement is nearly impossible via the website , so just call the help number and deal with their terrible customer service . Heads up , even though they warranty the bulbs , it is not a guarantee that they will replace them if they burn out . You pay the postage upfront to send them your burnt out bulbs , then they &#34; evaluate &#34; the bulbs and it is entirely up to them to decide whether or not they feel it classifies as a faulty product . They also do n't pay the postage to return your old bulbs too you if they decide not to replace them . If you want the old bulbs you again have to pay them to send them back . This company used to be the best in the industry , PIAA what happened ????
 I have gone through thirteen bulbs in two years . Yes , thirteen . They are installed in a stock 2003 Volvo S-40 sedan , by the dealer ! They look great for about a month or so , then they blow . And blow , and blow . The manufacture PIAA sucks big time , they allowed me two replacements . Get anything but these bulbs , unless your Daddy owns the factory !!!!
 I 've learned that Hella boxes come from Korea and India , packing two different versions of Wagner labeled 9004LL bulbs . Do not buy Hella bulbs and expect Hella bulbs , make sure .
 The set looks very nice and the best thing is that you can actually see the sparks as the rotor spins . However my set came with a clear rotor to match the distributor cap . I installed both the rotor and cap and it was a piece of cake . About 3 months later while I was driving at 65mph in the freeway my car suddenly made a noise and started to slow down . Luckily I was able to pull over in time before the car stopped completely . When I opened the hood I quickly noticed that the rotor broke off and the cap got cracked . Luckily less than 3 minutes a caltrans tow truck came to the rescue and pulled my car out of the freeway and dropped it off in a residential area . The tow truck driver also noticed the broken rotor through the clear cap and said that this is a common issue with clear caps/rotors . He said that he does not recommend them because they tend to crack or get weak with the engine heat . Well I remembered that when I installed my clear cap and rotor I placed the old parts in the trunk of my car . I 'm so glad I forgot to throw them away because they saved me ! I quickly went to work and replaced the clear parts with the old ones . The hardest part was removing the rotor metal ring that got stuck around the distributor rod . To get it out i wrapped a old coaxial cable around it and softly pulled it out . After the installation my car started and it drove fine ! I was able to make it on time to volunteer at my sons school . Overall I would not recommend this item , looks awesome but its not made to last . In case you buy it save your old parts in your trunk in case you need them in the future ...
 my son was traveling the interstate running 70 + when the engine died . he managed to get it stopped and after a few trys got it cranked . took it to a service center today and learned the cap had cracked . mechanic said from the coil . nice looking setup but i recommend staying with the tried and true factory parts . could have been real bad . no harm no foul . just money he did n't have to spend again
 I like many , have been using the Ancra brand for decades for my Motorcycles . What I recvied today , was 1 pair , MADE IN CHINA with white goo all over them . I really question how they could leave any factory in that condition . Also how to you expect me or anyone to trust a $ 20,000 Bike with that kind of quality control ? Thankfully I purchsed from Amazon and they took them back . Going to eBay to find a pair made in USA
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I was under the impresion that I was to recieve hardware -LRB- nuts , bolts , pins exc . -RRB- . WRONG just the part -LRB- not bad I guess -RRB- but I had to reuse the old hardware or buy new ones . Overall I would say not a good transaction .
 I purchased this item under thinking it would come with the travel case . I was contacted by the seller a week or so after i placed my order asking if it was alright if he sent it without the case . I said yes , but I 'm getting tired of the old switch-a-roo some of these sellers do with their items . Never seem to get what I wanted in the first place . Settled with it being sent w/out the bag because I just need to get these in my truck before the cold weather hit . Just a heads up .
 I purchased two of this item one came with a 7 amp charger the other one did notDO NOT BUY YOU WILL NOT KNOW WHAT YOU WILL GET !!!!! NO CHARGER NO WIRING
 Installation instructions poor and incorrect . When installation complete the product not useable as it is about 21/2 inches aft of the bumper/plastic facia.There is no way a stanard stinger will reach that far to get the pin installed . The remedy is to buy a 7 or 8 inch extension so your into the deal another 30 to 35 dollars . Your actual weight capacity is reduced because of this condition . Curt tech services not much help .
 I returned this product due to workmanship . Sized wrong , stiching imperfect and leather had several noticeable places on it . I did receive a refurnd after a couple of weeks . I do n't think this was a new item . maybe a previous return .
 I bought this jacket a couple of years ago , and loved the style ! I was so excited for about the first month , until the leather started falling apart . Shoty stitch-work , showed abrasions and wore out quickly !! Just wore the jacket for casual wear , this should not of happened!Would not recommend this jacket to anyone .
 Taps are mostly bottom taps ok for repairing but not starting new threads . Also box is not the same as what is shown .
 I recently purchased these `` tools '' and my findings for the dies are
 Not good at all , item is not made of good quality , can not perform the way is needed to be . The finish and metal it was made off is the worst . It bends , breaks and does not do the job right .
 They are the cheapest priced quarter windows louvers for a reason . They are flat black , not painted , they have no slits , and are made of a cheap looking plastic . Spend the extra money for a better set . After I returned these I bought the DG Custom louvers and they match perfect and look great ! 201020112012 10 11 12 Ford Mustang Painted Quarter Window Louvers Black Paint Code UA
 I bought this for my accord . The 9006 form should have a bent neck but this one is straight . The connector still fits but your wire may not be long enough to plug in . Luckly I managed to stretch the wire a little bit to reach to the bulk , but the tension is pretty high and I am not sure I will have an issue in the long run . If you need to have a bent neck 9006 , do n't buy this one
 Despite being listed as fitting on the 1990 Chevrolet Suburban on both Amazon.com and Curt 's own web site , by Curt 's own admission this DOES NOT FIT old style Chevrolet Suburbans.However if you order it from Amazon , try it , find it does n't fit , they will charge you a $ 20 + shipping fee to return it because `` It 's not their mistake '' , despite the fact that their web site incorrectly identifies it as fitting . It appears that Draw Tite and Warn both offer a front receiver for the older style Chevrolet Suburbans so I will try to track one of those down.This is the note I received from Curt 's Customer Service --------- Original Message -------- Subject
 I purchased the similar CK2000 kit -LRB- with remote control -RRB- to install on my truck . Installation of the components was fairly straightforward , and , except for routing the wiring harness behind the dash , it went fairly easily . Getting the wiring in place was extremely difficult , not because of any fault with the kit , but simply because the space behind the dash of my truck is extremely tight . I persevered , though , and finally managed to get the wires through.The instructions , by the way , are very poor . The main instructions are printed on the inside of the cardboard sleeve of the box , and are hard to read at best . The additional instructions for the remote system are confusing . The instructions also would have you hook the remote to the main control box incorrectly , causing the system to work backwards -LRB- i.e. , unlock when it 's supposed to lock , and vice-versa . -RRB- Unfortunately , after installation , the system did not work , either in `` manual '' mode , or with the remote . I did some troubleshooting , and determined the actuator on the right door was apparently internally short-circuited , and the excessive current draw had damaged the control box.I emailed the importer -LRB- yes , it 's made in China , but is imported by an American company -RRB- , and received a reply in fairly short order . They asked me to call them and talk about the problem . When I called , I had to work my way through a tortuous voice menu to finally get a real human . The man I talked to seemed to be reasonably knowledgeable , gave me some ideas for further troubleshooting , but made no offer to replace defective components . I tried to ask him directly about this , and he said I needed to go through Amazon.com , since I bought it through them . Of course , Amazon.com will only exchange the entire kit , and I have no desire to remove the wiring harness after the difficulty I had installing it!I have emailed the importer again about the problem -LRB- almost a month ago ! -RRB- and have yet to receive a reply . I have tried calling them again , and , even after I manage to get past the voice menus , I wind up on hold for long minutes , until I finally get disconnected.I 'm willing to accept the idea that bad parts sometimes happen , and will need to be replaced . Apparently , though , this company is not interested in backing the product they sell . That being the case , I suggest you look elsewhere for a different make kit .
 The product description was for a heavy duty spring . I would hate to see the lighter spring . Ended up not using ait and pluging hole .
 I bought this about a year and a half ago in addition to the EBC Brake rotor that matched my rear . So that was 4 EBC Rotors . I chose them because they had decent reviews other places and chose to just bite the bullet . within a few months the rotors were warped because I paired them with some ceramic pads . When I went to get an alignment for my car and opted for a free brake inspection , the guys told me that there was a hairline crack in the rotor which accounted for the vibration during braking . I emailed EBC and they just assumed I did n't install them correctly and had to do a `` brake lathe '' . I 'm switching back to Brembos and OEM ceramic pads very soon . These were a big waste of money .
 Yes I cleaned the surface . Only lasted about 1 week before it started peeling off d'oh
 It did not secure to wear-stand the wind and last a long time.IN ADDITION TO THE TAPE IT PROBABLE NEEDED SOME CLIPS AS WELL FOR BETTER SECURITY .
 I returned this item because it had a piece of masking tape holding the double sided tape in place . From the vendor ! The product appeared flimsy as well and was too long for my particular application . Do yourself a favor and spend the extra bucks for a good one.Auto Ventshade 77003 Windflector 35.5 '' Sunroof Wind Deflector
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 The kit was very complete and very reasonably priced ... After I installed the shaved door handle kit , the passenger actuator became very hot and would not work . I called customer service and was told I would have to purchase a separate actuator which I did because what I had was not working . In the future I will look for something with a better warranty than that .
 Belo average qulity product The indicators are not accurate and seem to always get stuck . not very accurate or reliable .
 Appeared to be good product however , balljoint boot -LRB- s -RRB- became brittle and cracked within four months , allowing moisture/dirt into joint causing knocking noise in joint when turning ... both sets .
 Control Arm lasted for about 3 months . Like the other reviewer mentioned , the joint cracked and started making lot of squeaking noise while turning and going over bumps.Better to spend little bit more on Moog or BeckArley parts .
 The product is just okay . If you live in NY , the roads are very bumpy . Everytime I hit a bump the clip falls right off the window which gets annoying so you end up leaving it in the seat . I like the color option since it matches with my car . This product is okay ... no frills and I guess it 's better than that big piece of tape on the windshield .
 This product seems fairly well-built , but at least one some cars it seems to interfere with the transponder being read properly . I have a Dodge Stratus and had no luck at all getting my E-ZPass to read when I used this holder . Without the holder , it read perfectly in a variety of different locations around the rear-view mirror . I wonder if having less solid plastic might help resolve this issue.The other design flaw I saw with this unit is that you slide the E-ZPass to the left -LRB- when mounted on the windshield -RRB- to remove it from the holder . This does n't work to well if you mounted the holder to the right of the rear-view mirror , the alternate mounting site suggested in the E-ZPass documentation I received . It would have been better if the E-ZPass slid out to the right so it did n't interfere with the mirror .
 I use these in three of my cars . Two holders have functioned well , but the third suffered distortion and partial melting in a new Prius over the course of one winter and spring parked outdoors . Definitely not a mere molding error ... some of the melted plastic had actually flowed around and onto the suction cups.Once it softens , the holder is junk . The tension from gripping an EzPass pulls against the suction cup mounts until they deform and point in three new directions , opposite the curve of a windshield , and they 'll never stay put again . I 'll keep using the other two while they work -LRB- they 'll probably survive in the shade of the garage -RRB- but will shop for another solution .
 Suction cups did not stick well to the window -- and if you do get them to stick on your window , they will not stay on there for long and will definitely not stay on in the winter or when your windshield gets cold.I liked the design of these because I did not want something permanently stuck to my windshield . I was hesitant to buy these because the shipping cost was so high . All the great reviews coupled with the annoyance of having to hold my ipass up every time I wanted to use it got me finally buy two of these things for each of my cars.They 're junk . Save yourself the money and use the 3m command strips on your ipass without a holder . The command strips work on glass and come off easily with no residue when you want them to -- unlike the supplied velcro . Holders add unnecessary bulk hence increasing that blind spot and adding aggravation.If you 're looking to buy these because you want to take your ipass from car to car , take the $ 9 this thing costs and use it towards another ipass.I wish someone wrote a review like this before I bought them .
 I live in the Northeast and suction cups are worthless . They stopped working consistently after 6 months and are woefully ineffective in cold and hot weather . The product feels cheap and the plastic has melted around the suction cups . I guess if you drove in a climate controlled tunnel with no sunlight , then the EZ clip would be fine .
 I really wanted to not stick anything to the windshields in my cars , so this seemed to be a great solution . I have 4 of these in different vehicles , but over time , they all fall off the windshield . It 's not dirty glass because I 'm a clean car fanatic , or vibration , because they fall off the cars I do n't drive often , even when the holders are empty ! . Rather , over time , the suction cups just lose their stick . I found the cause for one problem
 has n't worked in every ezpass i went through . took it out of case and it work perfectly . i have already received a notice from ezpass : -LRB-
 It worked great until a hot summer day melted the plastic . I had the EZClip on my window and also had a sun-shade in the car so I do n't know if it just got too hot between the shade and the window , thus melting the plastic , or if it just generally ca n't withstand direct sunlight in warmer states .
 Amazon on line vehicle application said this was the correct fan for my 1999 Chev astro . The electric connection had only one terminal , the astro has two terminals on the connector . The fan was smaller then the one removed from the astro . What a pain after removing unit to find it would n't work ... I did receive a full refund from Amazon ...
 I have purchased two of these pieces of junk . Both let loose of the windshield whenever they want . No warning , the whole thing just falls off the windshield and either onto your lap or the floor . The first time it happened it scared the hell out of me , and I thought the suction cups were not stuck on properly . The third time it happened I was about to go through a loll.lane and it fell off onto the floor . There were some pretty pissed people behind me . -LRB- the lane was unmanned -RRB- . The second one did no better . My suggestion is to find another way . This device is garbage .
 This product is good , but has some issues with staying stuck to the windshield . If I had to purchase again , I would get one that had 3 suction cups and not only 2 . It keeps falling off and hitting the floor . So I just keep it in the glove box . Just FYI . Get one with 3 or 4 suction cups .
 With only two suction cups it rattles - needs a third point of attachment . I slid a piece of ethafoam behind it ...
 For the money I would have expected this to be more professional looking . As is , it looks like something bought at a dollar store.Looking at the picture associated with the product , one would expect to receive a flat package titled ` Decal Kit ' as shown . Instead I recieved the decals which appear cut from a larger sheet , between two pieces of cardboard , wrapped in black plastic and tons of tape . This was bought as a gift for my sister and there was no way I was sending it as is to her . I had to come up with a creative way to package it.The decals themselves are cute , and I hope my sister enjoys them .
 The kids all almost the size of adults , you can get better ones out there . However they do the job if you already have them !!!
 ORDER WAS PLACED FOR A 2005 FORD F-250 SUPER DUTY 2D . AMAZON confirmed it fit my truck . Delivery was prompt and fast via UPS.AFTER PLACEMENT ON BED RAIL , DISCOVERED that the top side did not clear the cab height . The top bar blocked the cab rear facing brake lite/cab bed lites.There were only 2 `` J '' shaped bolts to hook into the front pocket as the Ford 's top rail can not be accessed to bolt to the rack 's predrilled base.I had to purchase 23/8 '' carriage bolts , shaped it to a `` J '' to bolt the front pre drilled holes to the bed rail lip to secure the rack.This rack is poorly constructed and not for a Ford Super Duty cab.I intend to modify it by raising it 2 '' at the base to clear the top of my truck 's cab .
 Used this to change ATF in a BMW and after the first fill it started to leak . I bought this based on other reviews . Buyer beware .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 this is handy but extremely delicate.bent one slightly to fit and snapped off.luckily not in the engine.recommend you make youre own .
 DO not buy a used remote ! Although I did not get my remote through Amazon , I got a used one and took it to the dealership to be programed and discover that NO remote that has been previously programed and be re-programed .
 This thing actually needed to be screwed on to mount it . Its a challenge to install , I am returning it .
 It is too big my wife said after I put on her car.But it will do for the time being .
 I bought it recently for $ 16.95 and will probably return it . I like far better CIPA 49702 2-1/2 '' x 3-3/4 '' HotSpots Stick-On Convex Wedge , which is $ 2.49 at Amazon -LRB- I installed it inside the car , and the view is excellent -RRB- .
 These mirrors worked great for almost a year but I live in Wisconsin and that means Ice and Snow . The mirrors began to rust under the glass making them useless . Too bad , I really loved the extended views and got used to looking at them vs. the manufacturer 's mirrors . I was very disappointed .
 I recently ordered side covers for my Honda CB750 . I was disappointed in this product - it is not the same as the original side covers . Instead of snapping on , you need to drill holes in the side panel and mount with screws . Plus , they did n't fit well either . Looked horrible .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 A previous reviewer noted that these were cheap and tore as soon as you sat in them . Sure , they 're cheap . They 're $ 20 seat covers ! I figured they 'd fit in the relatively tiny seats in my '90 Miata . No such luck . They were NOT meant for ANY sort of bucket seat , as there is no fabric allowance for the bend where your butt sits . They will MOST DEFINITELY tear if you sit on them in that state.Also , the red in the pictures is deceptive . It 's a shiny burgundy velvet that does not match the typical red used on cars .
 It says fits most cars , I put my year and make in and it stated it fits . I got them they 're nice and plush and look awesome , put them on my seats and sat down and both ripped soon as I sat on the seat ! garbage , do n't waste your money TRUST ME !
 I liked the dragon design , but that was about it . The seat covers were not universal !! When I put it on my seat it did n't fit . I stretched it as much as it would go and when I sat in my seat , the seat cover ripped ! I was extremely upset . I wish I had never bought the seat covers .
 Not worth 69 bucks ! Cheap wire plug in . Not even close to stock . 2002-2006 dodge ram 3500 .
 First of all , I always use neoprene seat covers in my daily driver and I have always payed as little as possible for them . The last pair I got at Wall Mart for $ 45 bucks -LRB- a pair -RRB- and they lasted 6 years . When I ordered these -LRB- Allison 65-8736RED Neoprene Seat Covers -RRB- I thought they 'd be comparible.Surprise !! Where do I Begin?Pros1 Low Price2 They look good the first day.Cons1 The back and sides are made of thin nylon -LRB- one grade above pantyhose -RRB- that runs when you stretch it .2 The fastening straps are too short -LRB- so you have to stretch the nylons -RRB- and are so thin the slip out of the buckles .3 The best part is the `` Neoprene '' is already wearing out . -LRB- It 's been 2 weeks ! -RRB- Unless your car has a `` For Sale '' sign in the window , run screaming from this product and Allison in general .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Not sure what it does or what value it bringsAfter I used it the maintenance required light in my Toyota rav 4 came up . Stay away
 Ad says on sale for $ 6.99 with $ 3.50 savings and you an buy any day for $ 6.99 at ther suppliers
 Only half of this product came it show whole le bre bottom 4 frnt bumper did not come im a real customer and feel lik I got half way cheated !!!!! IM KINDA PISSED I BEEN BAMBOSOLED
 `` This product contains chemicals , including lead , known to the state of California to cause cancer and birth defects . Please wash hands after handling this product . `` ARE YOU KIDDING ME ?!?! Please wash your hands each time handling this product ... who 's sole purpose is to be handled daily while driving . I refuse to put this on my car and threw it away . Do n't bother buying this product if this bothers you at all .
 it did n't work . i put it on the muffler , and it came apart real quick
 ad said 5/8 to 8in and retail price of $ 200.00 + , 70 % discount received a 5/8 to 4-5/8 in about a $ 60.00 one feel suckered
 These wires do not fit well at all , too long or too short . The one wire is stretched from the spark plug to the cap so bad it wo n't let the dist rotate . I tried using them but I 'll be be buying different ones .
 When it arrived , this set was labeled as `` OTC Stinger '' not `` OTC '' . While I ca n't confirm it anywhere , the Stinger subsidiary of OTC appears to be OTC 's home mechanic -LRB- read `` cheap '' -RRB- line of tools . -LRB- Perhaps similar to the BluePoint line that SnapOn sells . -RRB- It 's manufactured in Taiwan , not the US . The kit includes a 2 '' and a 3 '' splitter , but they are not the OTC 1122 and OTC 1123 splitters . Both the OTC 1122 and 1123 splitters are made in the US . The difference in quality is very apparent . The splitters in this kit have high porosity castings and the `` knife edges '' on the splitters are clearly inferior to those on the `` made in the US '' OTC 1122 and 1123 splitters . This may be perfectly adequate for `` loose '' tolerance bearings , but maybe not . I 'm not willing to find out and the kit will be returned .
 Quality looks decent enough.I only used this tool once and a puller arm broke at the threaded section.OTC warranty period is 1 year , so i was SOL on the return.The cost of the replacement part I need is almost as much as the complete set from Amazon.I have a few OTC tools and always liked them , but this one has me a little sour .
 This product is made in Taiwan and the steel quality is VERY poor . The edges that are supposed to sperate the bearing from the axle started to mash over before the bearing even started to move , and I had heated the bearing a bit before I started as well , do n't waste your time or money .
 The puller-Pusher bar 's thread length 's are To short for the bearing separator castings ... They only Are able to go Half Way into the castings ... They will pull out with any effort Guaranteed ... I believe this is intentional on their part ... They want it to fail ... This is dishonest . . At Best ... What i would do ... And probably will is to go down to the Hardware . . Or auto parts ... And get some bolt 's to be threaded through the separator up into the spreader bar ... Or i will use the 36 '' 3/8 - 16 tpi x 36 '' all thread with nuts and washer 's i have out to solve the problem ... It is a sorry state of affairs where people intentionally mislead us into believing that their product is not Designed to Fail From the Beginning ... God Help us all ... Chris
 everything previous reviewer wrote is correct . My wheels are black , much more dust than OEM . These are not ceramic pads as advertised and as shown on box they came in .
 i have never had any trouble with ceramic padsuntil these in 3000 miles the wheels are black with brake dust and they make a terrible noise when brakes are applied , i always use ceramic pads because they are quite and dont dirty up the wheels , i would have given these 0 stars if i could . the pads i was shiped are not ceramic even though the box was marked so
 These limit straps are worthless ! I called Pro Comp and was told that they are double wrapped all the way though ... well , they 're not ! They 're only one layer thick in the center , and it 's a THIN layer ! The stitching is poor too , but who really cares when the strap is going to stretch and break , right ? I promptly returned these straps before they caused a massive failure on my Jeep . I bought new straps from Effin Offroad and it 's a complete night and day comparison ! The quality of the Effin Offroad straps suggested that they would be ten times the price , but they were only a little more . I learned my lesson!On a side-note , Amazon did return the straps 100 % hassle free ! I could n't have asked for better service from Good Ol' Amazon !
 These rotors are super loud and product a `` buzzing '' sound when drive over 15mph . The buzzing sound goes away when the brakes are applied , but then you get a `` whirring '' sound . I only expect the whirring sound as stated in the product description , but not a buzzing sound when the brakes are not in use.It is so annoying that other drivers give me weird looks . I can not recommend these rotors.Beware of the reviews on EBC 's website ! The review form is an e-mail form and they only post the 5-star reviews . That 's why you wo n't see other reviews there .
 Im very disappointed , , , because i put the EBC Rotors in my car and i used it only 20,000 miles and the disks were bent !!! i wrote a message to them and they didnt give me any answer !!! i had to change the rotors to my old ones !!!!
 Part Listing
 OK , this should be a very simple item to produce . It works sorta . Did they save a tenth of a cent on each one of these by making them a little too short ? After 1000 they have an extra buck I guess.Once installed the PCV valve is being yanked backwards and is distorting the grommet it sits in . Not sure if I am going to cut the tube and add a patch hose or try to warm it up and stretch it but ca n't leave it that way.Dorman usually makes OK replacement parts but this one does n't make the cut .
 They look really nice , but they do n't hold up . I washed them once , and they fell apart . I had to replace them , chalking it up to my own ineptitude . None of them fit my seat properly , and kept getting all kinds of wrinkles in them . The blue fairy part of it completely faded to purple .
 The seat covers are beautiful but ripped right down the seam when used for the first time .
 These are pretty -- however the seat ripped at the seam where it meets the chair back .
 My seat cover was way too loose on the seat , after saying that it fit my seat type . Then , it ripped at the seem in less than one week . I do n't recommend this product . All it has going for it is looks , definitely not quality
 I bought these less than a month ago for my Plymouth Voyager , first of all one size fits all does n't seem to apply to these , they are too big for my seat and are always slipping off . Secondly the seam is ripping on both of them already . They are pretty do n't get me wrong but for what we pay for these things they should last more than a month .
 Well i bought two of these ... i put it in my car in less then a week both of them ripped in the middle area ... i expected it to last a little longer ?? -_- i guess ill try sewing it back together or something
 I received these seat covers as a birthday gift and one of them did rip at the seam -LRB- also shortly after they were installed -RRB- . I came on here to order another and after reading that someone else had the same problem I know not to waste my money . They are very unique and I do like the looks of them but only wish they were better quality .
 Do n't waste your money . If you have to have the set like I did , go for it , but buy heavy coarse thread and reinforce the seam where you 'll be sitting . The seam splits in maybe a week to a month . Very cheaply made . I liked the fact that dog hair is easy to remove from the velvety surface , but its already ripping . Do n't waste your money .
 I guess I should have listened to the majority of the reviews but my daughter wanted them so badly . HUGE WASTE OF MONEY !!!!! Tore within a month of using . Not entirely sure if it is because they do not fasten very tightly or that the product is just cheaply made . VERY DISAPPOINTED I do n't want to even give them 1 star but apparently I have to .
 I ordered these seatcovers , excited to put them in my new car . low and behold , the explaination of what they are and how they fit ... only half true . really nice to look at , as for fittin ... not so much . did n't even fit over the seat let alone all the way down . extremely disappointed and in order to return them , you have to go through leaps and bounds . not worth the time and effort to return them . will sell at a flea market or something . CAN GIVE 1 STAR FOR THE LOOK !
 Well , I had them on my seats for two days ; when a hole was somehow formed into the whole entire seat of the driver ... . they are very pretty though .
 Received several days before Xmas , a remote control car instead of seatcovers.Took several phone calls to get my money back .
 Love the motif , just do n't like how the velvet rips at the seams , I have replaced the covers 3 times , all three times the velvet rips out of the seams . Its a shame they made such a shoddy product . MAA
 I bought a set of these for my 91 Miata . Each of the four wires is 2 + '' too long . An acceptable installation is not possible . Do n't waste your money .
 My title comes from the fact that this had the same results as the black wheel paint . It is hard to use over large areas . I choose this to black out my chrome -LRB- ish -RRB- front and rear bumpers . It does the job of protecting against chips . The problem comes from the can nozzle . First it is much harder to use than the newer blue tip adjustable nozzles so if you 're going to do any large surface , you 'll be better served getting one of the snap on trigger adapters to use with this can . The other bad part that may not be such a big deal on a wheel is that the nozzle also only provides a small fan of spray so on an flat surface , your options are to have uneven spray of the paint so that it dries like you layered it in markers or you try to prevent that with overlap and end up with runs in the paint . After my first attempt on the bumpers , I went to a adjustable tip standard black enamel and clear coat from Dupli-Color and obtained a nice smooth brilliant black and with clear coat ended up with a factory look . I do not recommend this product .
 spray paint is not clear as described . it 's more of like a light gray . would n't buy again or recommend to others .
 these so called lift leaf springs put absolutely no lift on my cherokee if there not the same as the stock ones they 're worse dont buy these they are a rip off !
 It might be my eyes , but the taupe and caramel colors look identical . Too bad . The price seems right but the uncertainty of what the product actually looks like is a deal-breaker . That , and no mention of the pile weight -LRB- e.g. , 18oz , 22oz -RRB- .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Do n't buy this CRAP !!! They are the worst garbage I have ever purchased . You would expect this kind of garbage from the dollar store .
 I bought this to recondition my leather jacket . The foam is really hard to spread and I ran out halfway through . After drying my jacket was splotchy and half done . For shoes this would be a nice product but for jackets no . If you want to recondition a jacket get the spray bottle version . It works great !
 This part was not at all like it was described , attempts to return seem to be failing as well . Very dissatisfied !
 It might be my eyes , but the taupe and caramel colors look identical . Too bad . The price seems right but the uncertainty of what the product actually looks like is a deal-breaker . That , and no mention of the pile weight -LRB- e.g. , 18oz , 22oz -RRB- .
 This air filter/cleaner assembly was a huge dissapointment . Advertised as a flat bottom air filter meaning that the air filter bottom plate comes flat off of the carburetor/air cleaner interface with no drop down or step up . This assembly actually RAISES the assembly 3/4 of an inch . A call to Moroso resulting in the statement that they do n't know why it 's called a flat bottom air cleaner because it does in fact raise the air cleaner assembly `` a slight amount '' . Additionally , the chrome plating is subpar.Very dissapointing because Moroso was one of the leaders in air filter/cleaner technology and in fact had one of the first `` drop down '' assemblies for hood clearance issues.Stick to other brands such as K&N ; that give specific dimensions such as drop down or step up specs that are accurate and have decent chrome finishes .
 1 MM too small for 09 Rav4 filter . It is only 64.3 mm and the filter housing is exactly 65 . Why sell a 65mm tool if it is 64.3 ?
 This tool is what you 'll need for working on Toyota cartridge filters . I 've used it for about a year now.But it 's got two major flaws about it.It takes a 3/8 male end but where that end connects is a bit flimsy . You can expect that `` square '' female end to start rounding out a bit . You 'll still be able to use it , but the fact that this happens at all reveals that the metal quality of that end is n't all that it should be.The real problem is that the cap is constructed in two pieces . The 1 -RRB- cap and 2 -RRB- the center metal piece for the 3/8 ratchet socket . The latter piece is glued or welded onto the cap . If the filter housing is on tight enough -LRB- it should n't be but sometimes it is -RRB- , the cap will break in two - the center piece will sheer off the rest of the cap.If you 're looking for a subpar piece of equipment that 'll last you a few oil changes and no more and you do n't mind flimsy metal material and bad welding , then this product is all that you 'll need . But if you want longevity and quality look elsewhere . KD fails here .
 do n't buy this product , would not do any good to the filter . It broke after first used and it is in the trash landfill . Does n't worth a penny .
 Poorly designed . The welding on the top part of the tool is not strong enough and mine broke within about 5 min .
 The fitting where you place the socket wrench is not molded into the filter wrench itself . Instead , it is a separate piece that is glued on . As soon as I pushed on the socket wrench to loosen the filter , this piece broke off , leaving the wrench unusable . I tried to repair it using JB weld , but it snapped off once again.Even worse , when I tried to return it , Amazon told me that I ca n't because it is classified as hazardous material . I guess their computer software sees the word `` oil '' in the name of this item , and assumes it is HAZMAT . Do not buy this !
 ** I POSTED PHOTOS OF THE BROKEN WRENCH ABOVE *** Alright , So this wrench fit perfectly on my 2010 Toyota Corolla 1.8 oil filter/cannister -LRB- whatever you want to call it -RRB- . However , the wrench broke . I posted photos above . Please take a look as too what I mean when I say the wrench broke . I gave two stars only because the product actually fit the oil cannister , but unfortunately its poor qulaity.I will replace this review with a better one if the Manufacturer send me a new one . Until then this review will stay.Thanks , Gio
 I needed this to change an oil filter of 65mm , like the Fram 7317 for a Honda . It is described by KD Tool as a 65mm end cap tool . Not so . This is actually a 64mm end cap . Measured 64.3 mm at the mid-point of flute using my commercial grade micrometer . This can NOT work on a 65mm oil filter like the Fram 7317 which is 65.4 mm -LRB- with black grip coating -RRB- at the same point . IE unless one starts banging it with a hammer !!!
 I purchased this item based on the reviews here at Amazon . I was excited about FINALLY finding a tool that would help me remove the dang oil cartridge cap . Long story short -LRB- and after a lot of frustration -RRB-
 It did not fit a 2010 toyota corolla oil filter housing - it was too small . I saw only successful reviews before I bought it , including for a 2009 Toyota Corolla . Now there are multiple reviews that report the wrench is smaller than advertised . Frustrating ! On a positive note , the Amazon return procedure seems to be going well .
 I tried this on my Lexus IS250 and IS350 and it does n't fit . It 's a hair too small to fit over the filter . So I measured the inside diameter and it is 64 mm . The item is advertised as 65 mm . I think that 1 mm makes all the difference . Fortunately Amazon refunded it without any issues . Thanks Amazon .
 Purchased this wrench based on positive reviews but found its actually smaller than the 65mm advertised size and thus wo n't fit my 2009 Camry V6 . It 's useless as far as I 'm concerned . Should have spent a few more $ $ and got a quality wrench ...
 I agree this item is a piece of junk . First time I tried to use it , the spot welded nut snapped off in my socket wrench . Just hope I can get my money back . I 'll try another brand next time . Do n't waste your time and money with the KD brand .
 This product broke in the first couple attempts at turning . I did n't even get one oil change with this wrench . And it 's too cheap to bother returning .
 dont buy this product , I bought it for my 2010 toyota corolla because you need a special tool for the oil filter housing , the put where you insert the wrench into broke on the first turn , waste of money . at least amazon let me return it broken .
 The tool snapped off the first time I used it . Did n't even apply much force and snap ! Stay away from this tool !!!
 I have just attempted to use this product with dissapointing results . I have drained the oil pan and filter -LRB- per replacement procedure with special drain plug -RRB- . After placing this tool on the filter cap -LRB- it was a good fit -RRB- , I turned my rachet wrench , and the spot-welded bottom of this tool just popped off ! Now I 'll have to waste filling my RAV4 with oil , using the old filter , and having a mechanic finish the job . Gee thanks !!! UPDATE
 this socket is strong , but not strong enough to take off some canister filters . mine snapped when removing a corolla filter .
 Failed on second use , nut separated from body . Took broken shell to department store and found Toyota filter housing is same as Puralator L14477 filter if you dont have time to order one .
 The first time I put pressure on this wrench , the top metal piece broke off . I do not recommend this product . It is cheap .
 The product broke at the weld the very first time and the 65 mm was stuck on the cartridge . Complete piece of junk but was happy with Amazon no hassle return policy on this item . JUNK !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this filter wrench based on the reviews on this site and others . Am I the only one who had problems with it or do they just publish the good ones ? I have an 09 Rav4 with the 4 cylinder engine and it just does not fit . I even tried tapping it on with a hammer and it would NOT go on !!! I 'm sending mine back for a refund . If I were you , even though it may cost more , I 'd go to a dealer and buy one there with the understanding that it has to fit or you wo n't take it . I suppose there could be a difference in filter housings , but I was livid after reading all of the rave reviews here and not being able to get it to work .
 I bought this and it broke the first time I tried to use it . The weld that holds the nut to the body let go . I bought the Assamecher and it worked just great , it is a solid cast piece of metal , the same that my Lexus dealer uses .
 I bought this filter wrench because some reviews say it fits their Toyota filters . It does not fit my 2010 Camry 4 cyl . I had to go to Advance Auto parts to get one that fits . I should had gone there in the first place .
 It broke the first time I used it . There is a piece that connects with your ratchet which is tig welded on to this piece . I broke it right off . You can go to any local Autozone or Advanced Auto Parts and buy a piece that has no welds that can break for just 5 or 6 bucks . This was not worth it .
 Do not buy this product !! It broke during the first use . The part that connects to the socket wrench snapped off while I was attempting to remove my oil filter .
 I went to change the oil in my 2010 tundra and found that this wrench does n't even fit on the oil filter end cap . It 's supposed to be 65mm , but it 's probably closer to 63-64mm . It 's a good thing I checked to see if it fit before draining my oil . I hope I can return it to Amazon .
 I bought this for my 2009 Toyota Corolla S. Ive heard from other people with the same car that they bought this exact wrench from amazon and it fit , so I figured save myself the $ 40 that the dealership wanted for their tool and get this one . BIG MISTAKE . Its too small and does not fit . Its nice finding that out while my car is up on stands and all the oil is drained out . WILL BE RETURNING FOR A REFUND .
 Did not fit oil filter housing on 2009 Toyota Highlander , counter to other reviewers . Maybe they made this unit a millimeter or two smaller than before . Disappointing .
 As the title indicated , the wrench did not fit . I even try hammering it in and thats a big no no. 2008 Tundra 5.7 L.
 If you want total frustration and agony , put your Toyota TUNDRA on a lift , remove the skid plate 8 bolts , drain the oil 7.9 quarts , drain the filter with a special `` make a mess '' plastic tool AND THEN find the K-D 3253 does n't fit and you ca n't remove the filter ! At least the temperature was only in the high 90s . And of course I was working outdoors . Dante has reserved a special place for K-D designers and quality control people . Do n't try the `` tool '' near children or impressionable adults .
 This was suppouse to fit my 2010 RAV 4 filter canster , but it slips and does not fit , really a useless piece of junk stay away from it , but the Assenmacher TOY 640 oil filter socket wrench fits perfect , BUY THIS NOT THE K-D 3253 . You 've been warned by a person that went through oil fliter wrenches till I found one that works ! !
 I have a 2009 Rav4 with a filter housing measuring 65.4 mm flat to flat . The KD 3253 measures 63.9 flat to flat . It does n't fit the filter housing .
 This tool is absolute junk . The spot-welds that hold the ratchet plate to the base broke after only one usage .
 Broke first time used . Do n`t buy this bs . Had to left old oil filter because of this thing . Worst money expend ever .
 I bought this KD3253 oil filter wrench after being misled to believe that it would fit my 2009 Toyota RAV4 . What a big mistake ! It just wasted my money and time . Hope this will help if you are a 2009 RAV4 onwer looking for an oil filter wrench .
 solid enough metal to work w/o flexing . will NOT work on 2008 toyota highlander , 3.5 engine . too small diameter . even tried moderate amount of pressure hoping for a snug fit but never worked . do n't buy for this model hoping it will work . i do n't understand how other sites when searching w / google describe a 64mm as what 's needed . if this is truly a 65mm and too small ...
 I have a 2009 Toyota Highlander Sport . I am well advanced on the mechanical side of things . This oil cap filter wrench was listed as fitting my truck when I initially ordered it . I even looked at the K-D website . It does not fit . I have even gone to NAPA and AutoZone trying to find the correct wrench size . After three orders with people telling me it would fit I ended up making my own . This may work great for other vehicles , but not the 2009 Highlander .
 Broke 2nd time I used it . Spot welded around opening for ratchet -- very poorly done . I would rate it 0 stars if I could .
 I really ca n't rate this wrench by stars , I can only rely on the reviews . I almost purchased this wrench until I read the reviews for the Assenmacher TOY 640 . I needed a wrench for a 2009 RAV4 2.5 L 4 cyl . After reading the reviews for this wrench and noticing that quite a few people mentioned them breaking , I ordered the Assenmacher . The Assenmacher is more expensive and requires a 15/16 wrench , but I was able to remove an over-torqued housing with it . You can read my review on the TOY 640 . I listed all the vehicle makes/models and years and filters that it will fit -LRB- according to the package it came in -RRB- .
 This K-D oil filter wrench literally broke in my hands before I even used it . The `` welded '' nut snapped off as soon as I inseted a ratchet extension into it . Do n't waste your time on money on this tool !
 I 'm a do-it-yourselfer but I 've done hundreds of oil chnages over the years . Like some of the other reviewers here I attest that this wrench DOES NOT fit all Toyotas . And though I 'm a Toyota fan they must have been out of their minds with this design!PS
 Do not buy this part - it is absolute garbage.I bought two of these and the weld broke on both parts on first use . The weld is so weak that it almost breaks when turning with your fingers!I will go spend the $ 60 at Toyota to get their filter as it is worth the money and they do n't break .
 I bought this wrench to remove a Toyota 65mm filter cartridge and it did not fit - advise going with another option .
 Dont waste your money on this item . It is very cheaply made and the `` nut ' portion on top where the ratchet fits , broke completely off due to a cheap tack weld . It also WILL NOT fit a 2010 Toyota Tundra no matter what your told . It is too small ... save your money and purchase the one from your Toyota dealer ... you will be money and aggravation ahead !!
 Waste of money . The dimension of the wrench is the same as the Toyota Venza housing to the thousands of an inch . Thats a press fit ! Now , if you force it on , try to get it off ! I ended using a sloppy fit oil filter wrench .
 This thing really is a piece of junk . Would not fit my 2010 Rav4 at all . The nut that you put your 3/8 '' drive into broke off before I could even use the tool . The wrench I got had two levels of diameter . The first level was too big in diameter and the second level was too small . I bought an Assenmacher ASTTOY640 and it fit perfectly . Do n't waste you money on the KD end cap .
 First of all , this product did NOT fit my 2008 3.5 L V6 Camry ... about a size too small . Furthermore , the piece that you stick your wrench into broke off before I even got a chance to try to use it ! POS !
 Terrible product . When I bought it , I had no idea that it was two metal pieces welded together . As soon as I turned the wrench , the smaller piece snapped right off . Please save your money .
 If you are ordering this for a Toyota Rav 4 , forget it . It is not the right one , in spite of the ads . Useless !!
 Not very good quality . Broke first time I used it -LRB- spot welds broke on back -RRB- . May be able to repair with weld .
 i did a search for a 64 mm oil filter wrench the wrench i got was 65mm just had a part number did not say the size
 Broke in on the first use ! Very cheaply made product . I would not recommend this product to anyone to buy unless you want to waste money .
 Based on reviews I expected this to fit my 2007 Sienna . It was too small . I used a micrometer to measure the inside size and got 64.3 mm . The packaging says its a 65mm wrench but does not mention toyota . KD Tools needs better quality control to insure what is sells is what is advertised .
 I 've done many oil changes before , but I did my first oil change for my 2010 camry 2.5 L today and using an oil filter wrench . I read reviews on amazon about KD tools 3253 filter wrench cap and became very skeptical . some people say it didnt fit and some say welding was bad . I want to confirm with those people who claimed it didnt fit , IT DOES NOT FIT . it has 14 flute -LRB- flat sides -RRB- like the Assenmacher toy 640 , but it probably is a millimeter too small even though it says it 's 65mm . Also i am confirming that the welding is not bad if the filter was torqued appropiately.Being skeptical , I ordered the Assenmacher TOY 640 along with this KD Tools 3253 . I am very glad i ordered the toy 640 because it did the job . i will review it on its page .
 This filter wrench is too small to fit a Mobil1 M1-108 filter , which has a 65mmx14 pattern . The filter wrench is 65mm across the points , and just under 64mm across the flats . The filter measures about the same , but the wrench will not fit over the filter . I test fitted an M1-108 filter with a 65mm/67mm wrench at the auto parts store , and it fit into the smaller part of the wrench . I did n't buy that wrench because the 65mm section was very shallow and I wanted a wrench that would fit all the way down onto the filter . Unfortunately , this KD wrench does n't go over the filter at all .
 I installed this on a 1999 Chevy 454 which powers my 21 ' Motorhome . K&N ; states that it should increase horsepower by 24 hp . I have always used K&N. ; They have an excellent reputation in performance car circles . I have no reason to doubt their claim but I do n't feel the extra HP . Nor did I notice any MPG improvement . I do hear the intake noise at high revs and it is very annoying . I would not do this mod if I had it to do over again.I have since removed it as the noise on long journeys was tiresome . Again , I ca n't tell if there was a power loss upon removal and I ca n't tell if there was any mileage gain when installed and consequent loss when removed . I 've kept mileage records but there have been too many variables to know cause and effect .
 The simple old one I had from CH just wore out after 10 or 12 years . That 's expected . But now they do n't make it anymore - they have this newfangled fancypants one which leaks like a sieve . I put tape around the threads , everything , and the old one that 's all cracked and dry rotted still works better . I just lost 5 pounds of air pressure in a truck tire . I 'm not happy , and will be trying to return this .
 I get the fact that you can not expect too much for 14.00 , but I actually figured this would last longer then it did . After 4 uses the pressure gauge got stuck on 120 and that was that . Not so easy filling tires when you have no idea how many Psi your at . Now i 'm sure someone will say I did n't take care of it , but I am fanatical about my tools , to the point where my wife tells me I take better care of them then her . Maybe I just got a dud , it happens , just do n't expect the world for 14.00 .
 I bought one of these from WalMart -LRB- $ 17 dollar range -RRB- and it is horribly inaccurate . It showed 8 ~ 9 psi less than actual so I over-filled my tires . Confirmed this by my cars tire pressure sensors as well as a good pen style gauge . Took it back ! From research a good gauge accurate to 1 % is not cheap and is at least $ 40 . Liquid filled gauges with a pressure balancer is a good choice . Additionally , this gauge had a smaller face which was a little difficult to read and the hose made it where it was a little difficult to read from directly above ; had to look at an angle.Skip over this one and good to a better brand .
 Received my gauge two days ago and hooked it up . Readings were way off , when compared to a digital gauge , but the worst part was the actual valve . Clumsy and flimsy , and with the rims on my truck difficult to use . Purchased a classic brass tire inflator with a sliding PSI gauge -LRB- like they have at most service stations -RRB- from The Home Depot for $ 16 and it worked much better . Buying this product was a mistake .
 fitts to tight and the rubber inside the fill valve ripped apart and leaks around handle really bad , air tank drains way to quickly
 I purchased this to use on my John Deer Rideing Lawn Mower , because the Tires have to be at the right air pressure or you do not get the pressure you need to blow the grass into the Rear Bagger . It Looks nice , I will give it that , However the one I received did not work . Every time I put it on a tire I was airing up , the pressure changed even if I dide n't put any air in . I could not get it to work , and am sorry I bought it .
 the description said it was max 150PSI but the one i got said 100 Max PSI and i didnt realize it said that a till after it stopped working .
 I purchased this thinking it was a 0 to 100 Psi which is what is advertised but what arrived is a 0 to 160 Psi which is worthless for checking lower tire pressures . Not worth the effort sending back maybe I can covert to a blow gun . One must remember you get what you pay for .
 Buyer beware the flimsy clip on to the tire breaks almost instantly . By some manner I was able to fix it , but I am considering it extremely fragile . AND the gage is totally off . So it is basically useless cause I have still have use another gage I trust after using this poorly made product .
 Gauge did not work immediately upon opening package and attaching to air hose . Poor quality control .
 did n't read all the reviews before bought it . I thought 4 stars were good enough . now I read the reviews and can understand why users were n't too happy with it . this thing should not get more than 2 stars . the chuck design has a major flaw as others already pointed out and the gauge reading was inaccurate .
 Is this seller kidding ? You can buy this 10.00 cheaper at Walwart.Also another irritating thing is you have to find a female quick connect to screw onto the handle ... NONE of the male will fit due to the hole being too small ...
 This product was ordered to help with a different type of valve on my bicycle tire . It did n't work for the purpose I ordered it for
 The chuck and clip design does n't work on some of my tires ; it wo n't go deep enough on the tire stem . I saw this mentioned in a few other reviews . Besides that , the spring in the clip slipped out yesterday and keeps popping out even after I disassembled/reassembled the clip - there is no detent to hold the spring 's `` foot '' on the metal base so it slips out repeatedly . I 'm going to buy another inflator ...
 This inflator looked promising , but I was disappointed when I found out the gauge was totally inaccurate . I inflated several different tires and then compared the reading on the gauge with two of my handheld gauges . In every case the MP6000 gauge was ~ 10 PSI higher . I expect some variability , but 10 PSI is too much . Product returned .
 This Tire Gauge has a warning on it not to use to inflate over 100 PSI . The product information stating `` Gauge has range of 10-140 psi '' is incorrect and misleading . DO NOT ORDER FOR RV USE !!!
 I should have known better than to buy another campbell hausfield product ... but my record is intact ... I have return EVERY one of their items i have owned ... all for quality issues ... when I attached this , the pressure relief valve leaked ... could not get it to seat properly ... it keep leaking ... checked my first tire that I knew had 35lbs pressure ... this gauge showed a little over 60 lbs ... reattched it and it read 20 , , , , , played with it for a bit and it either read 20 or 60 ... lol ... however when only reading from my compressor , it read somewhat accurate ... 5 lbs high ... oh well ... buyer beware ...
 I have n't actually been able to use this guage because it does n't come with the part that connects to the air hose ; I have to go buy an adapter that screws into it before I can use it . It seems sturdy though , so hopefully once I get the other part it will work ok.ETA
 This vague reads 45psi . Three other gagues in my garage indicates tire is 30psi . Need to figure out how to return it
 Piece of junk does not lock on the stem as it should will work if you apply constant presure with your hand while you air up the tire .
 Half of the packaging is covered with warnings about the lead in the paint of this device . Works fine but after reading the warnings on the package , I want to wear gloves every time I touch it .
 The compressor I am trying to fit it to is a standard one . Now I 'm forced to go out and search for a solution .
 There is not instructions manual . The product came in just what you see in the picture . I still have no idea how to use it . Does n't seem complicated but appearently there 's something missing
 After spending the greater part of the day going to several parts stores in order to find a matching connector so I could use it with any of my 3 compressors , I finally had to purchase one at a store that cost 2 times as much .
 I am a tech at a dealer and purchased this hoping to use it daily . After two days the gauge reading was stuck on 20psi and would no longer inflate .
 I wish I 'd paid more attention to the negative reviews before wasting money on this thing . Although it looks nice out of the packaging , it 's all a facade . The problem with mine is in the part that connects to the tire stem . It 's designed to shut off the flow of air unless it 's pressed onto the tire . Leaving aside the fact that this is not necessary -LRB- who cares if air free-flows from the hose when it 's not attached to a tire and you press the trigger -RRB- the nozzles seals up unless something presses in on it.My guess is the theory of how this is supposed to work is the little pin inside the tire stem pushes in on the inside of the nozzle to open it and allow airflow . But unless your tire already has some significant pressure or the stem pin has a pretty strong spring , it wo n't be able to push in the valve in this tool hard enough to allow air to flow . So when you pull the trigger , there a very brief spurt of air which pressurizes the red hose and seals the brass connector on the end . Now no air flows and your tool is locked up.You have release the trigger and stick a pen or toothpick into this tool to push back the valve and purge the red hose and start again only to have it close up again the moment you pull the trigger.I do n't know what 's wrong with the world these days . Everything is a facade of quality over guts of junk in order to squeeze the most optimal , maximal , last fraction of a penny profit from every last sale at any cost and nevermind if it harms the customer . The worst of it is that I would happily pay five times the cost of this tool for something of quality but it just is n't available . We 're all reduced to the least common denominator and most of it , like this tool , comes from China.This thing is going back to Amazon . It 's way too much trouble to send back given the price , but if people do n't ding Amazon , they 're going to continue to sell junk that is easier to take from the packaging to the trashcan than to send it back . So I 'm taking whatever steps and time are required to return it .
 It never worked right and refused to stay on our valve stems . When it damaged the threads on one stem while popping off I pitched it.Amazon would probably refunded my money but I got more satisfaction from stuffing it in the trash can .
 I purchased this inflator to replace a high end inflator and gauge . What a disappointment . The inflation chuck failed to deliver air to the tire valve after a dozen uses . That rendered the whole mechanism useless . Beyond that failure the air tube is plastic and very difficult to use in cold weather . The hose is a tad too short . The gauge is a little small and difficult to read . The air bleeder worked well and the metal body was a pretty blue . It is inexpensive and certainly feels and looks inexpensive . I am a bit obsessive about things like tire pressure and oil levels . This gauge left me wishing I had spent another 10 or 15 bucks to get a better inflator/gauge .
 I took good care of mine . Never dropped or anything of the sort . Used it to inflate a low tire and noticed it did n't look right after . It read 40 psi , but when second and third checked with 2 other tire pressure gauges , it 's `` 40 psi '' was well over 50 . I am disappointed in it 's inaccuracy and worries me to think what would have happened if I had n't second guessed it and just drove on very over inflated tires .
 Worked ok until the hose -LRB- rubber -RRB- rotted and started cracking and leaking air . The service life on this inflator was about 5 years with very little usage . My Grandfather always told me `` buy cheap , buy twice '' ... Think I will try the Milton Dual Chuck Tire Inflator With Gauge ... hopefully it will be the last I ever buy .
 I have used this for a few months now . The pressure gauge is NOT accurate . The valve stem lock works well . I DO NOT recommend this item .
 Only takes air OUT of tires , does n't let me put air IN tires.Wish I could have given NO stars .
 This requires a male fitting to be screwed into the bottom . However , the only fittings that anywhere sells are 1/4 '' , but this is not that size . The opening is a bit smaller , so none of the attachments sold at Lowe 's Or Home Depot fit . Now that it 's been over 30 days since I 've bought it and now discover that I ca n't find a fitting for it , this unit is completely useless . Everything else on this is a bit smaller too and thus seems less durable and not as well built as similar units . I would not recommend .
 Soemtimes this inflator will work correctly , but mostly it just pegs out the dial indicator when the trigger is actuated . It seems as if the pressure from my compressor is making to the dial readout , but not making it into the inflation tube and subsequently into my tire.Horrible purchase , save your money .
 Every other air tool comes ready to take a 1/4 '' NTP male connector , which are very common . This one requires a 1/4 '' female . Just be aware . What a PITA if you do n't have one handy . Otherwise , the gauge is about you 'd expect from a cheap Chinese factory .
 I felt the item was incomplete since it did not have a connection that could be hooked up to my compressor . I had to go out and buy a separate fitting to connect it . However that was not the fault of the item . It just came that way . Other than that , I am satisfied .
 Lousy Inflator Clamp and inacurate hard to read , but good looking gauge . Lets more air out the car tire than than what goes in . I probably gave it a generous 2 + on it 's good looks alone because it makes a good conversation piece . I 'm a little leary about using this on bike tires .
 Deserves NO stars . It was a complete waste of money -LRB- good thing it was so inexpensive -RRB- . Could not get it to fit the valve stems on my Miata . On other tires , could not get the retaining -LRB- hands-free -RRB- clip to hold . Gauge is WAY out of calibration . Much better units are available for very little additional cost .
 Sad to say the pressure gauge on this is way , way off . I have to inflate my tires to an indicated 48psi to get them to the 36psi I want . That really limits the usefulness of this product.It 's still nice to be able to clip it on , as it makes filling up an external air tank a lot easier than standing there shoving the filler onto the tank 's fitting , but for actually filling tires to a specific pressure , it 's sadly useless .
 They are selling this gun upon the notion that it can handle 150 PSI but only the guage is rated at 150 psi , the hose is rated 300psi and the gun itself is stamped on the handle to only handle 100psi .
 Build quality is cheap , as expected . Of course , I still expected the gauge to be useful but it is not ! It 's almost 10 psi off . Against several other known good gauges I have this one reads high . So far my clip has n't failed . Of course it does n't come with the connector for the air hose - how would they know which style you have?Now I have to find a replacement gauge . Likely will have to re-tap for a larger thread , as I can not find a replacement gauge that fits the current threads.Charge me 2 $ more and use a better gauge - I 'd be much happier ! 2 stars - since other than the gauge it works .
 I purchased this product in mid-2011 . I love it . Easy to use and the 0-100 psi gauge is bright and easy to read . HOWEVER , CH has changed the product recently . They did not change the model number . The current product includes a higher range gauge . It now reads 0-150 psi . For some this may be useful . But most tire applications are much lower . The higher range on the gauge makes it more difficult to read in the low range . Another serious caution . The gauge reads to 150 psi max . But the blue handle is imprinted with a 100 psi caution . The gauge gives this impression the unit is useful to 150 psi while it is actually limited to 100 psi . I have previously recommended this to all my friends . I can no longer recommend it.I will paste the response from Marcia S. at Campbell Hausfeld Customer Service on the pressure issue.The max 100 PSI max is for the pressure coming into the unit . The gauge is measuring what is in the tire , not what is coming into the unit . In other words , if you have a compressor that goes to 125 PSI and you open the regulator all the way up and have the full 125 PSI coming into the unit , it will damage it .
 When you sell something that says exact fit you should make sure the product is exact fit I entered all my vehicle info and it said your product would fit my year and make of vehicle exact although the floor mats are decent I wish they fit better i feel like there was some false advertising and I do n't believe I got what I was told I was paying for
 The word custom is used loosely in the description for the floor liners . i have a 2011 ram 1500 and they dont fit right and i would say it is a lie that they are custom for this style of truck -LRB- eventhough it says it `` fits '' this model it does not -RRB- you are better off spending the extra and getting the actual Dodge OEM Mopar parts instead .
 Ordered a set for my Silverado WT and they do not fit the contours of the floor remotely . They slide around quite a bit . I bought a set of Weathertech liners for my Rav4 and they fit like a glove and are much nicer looking . The Huskys look like a warped slab of cheap plastic .
 The product advertised shows three different size oil filter removal wrenches . Only the largest size was sent . I believe that I was shortchanged relative to the image advertised versus the product received .
 I was so excited to get this for my husband as a part of a Christmas present . But I was very disappointed when it tore when he was trying to put it on his steering wheel . I would not recommend this !
 Product ripped when i tried to put onto my Ford expedition . . it was too small . . Does not fit Trucks . I was totally dissapointed
 Way too small for a Kia Sorento 2012 . I wish prior to purchase that somewhere there were specs to say steering wheel size . Another thing was I had to air it out . The new `` leather '' or plastic smell was horrible !!!! I 'm sad it did n't fit because it did look like it was made of great quality once the smell went away .
 Bought this as a gift . We can not get it to fit a Chrysler Town and Country steering wheel . Are we doing something wrong ? Love the steering wheel cover and really wish we could get it to fit . Any suggestions .
 The product smelled so bad when I opened the box that I had to leave it outside .
 No , really ! It smells so bad , that I have kept it out on my porch for over two weeks now , hoping the smell would go away so that I can put it in my car . But to no avail.I will be returning it , because there is NO WAY I can install it in my car with that awful smell.I really do n't understand what causes it , but nothing seems to get rid of it . My sister used 2 bottles of Fabreeze on hers , and even that did n't work , so she sent hers back as well.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 The manufacturer states `` Get a Manufacturer-like Custom Fit '' , and according to their catalog , item # 1105200 fits the front , where as item # 1105100 fits the rear to all Ford Vans Full-Size 98-01 . Unfortunately , this is not the case . The items was supposed to be mounted on a 1999 Ford Econoline Full-Size Van . The contoured shaped , which is nice to protect the body around the splash guard where it is mounted , does not adjust . The entire splash guard is made out of a stiff material and does not adjust to the shape of the vehicle body around.If mounted , there would be either a rather large gap at the top between the flap and the vehicle body -LRB- which would allow debris and water to run into and sit there -RRB- , or the flaps would be in an angle which would look awful.The Powerflow 6416 Pro-Fit Splash Guards , ordered at the same time , were a perfect fit , you might want to check out the description and review there . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 Dont wast your money on these plastic guards . They were not an exact fit and they broke on my second ride
 I ordered the Dashmat under the premise that it was an easy install , being mechanically retarded this appealed to me ... lol ... I 'm sure it would have been easier had the velcro that came with it actually stuck to the dash . I did what the instructions said , clean the dash thoroughly with a mild solution , NO Armoral , my dash had n't seen Armoral in 10 years in fact . So after fighting , sweating , and swearing over the non-sticky velcro I found myself at the auto store looking for industrial strength velcro . After about 2 hours I had it installed .
 I would not recommend purchasing anything from this company due to extremely poor customer service . This is not related to Amazon , only Extang . I will never purchase an Extang product again .
 I wanted to save a few bucks and paint instead of buying caliper covers . I know paint prep is important for this type of job and spend at least 30 min on each wheel . I also followed the temperature and curing times closely . I used 3 to 4 coats on each caliper . Within the week there where multiple large chips flaking off .
 Given the price this was an okay purchase . If I did it again I would spend a little more and get the g2 kit.ProsGreat red color.Easy to use . No mixing involved.ConsAs others have said , the included brush is terrible . I did n't finish a single caliper before it fell apart.After 1 month there is already at least one chip in the paint . I spent my time by taking the calipers off completely and cleaning them heavily so the paint would stick and there would be no dirt or grime . There is no reason they should be chipping already.I 'm already planning to redo these this spring with a different brand of paint .
 Like many other have commented , -LRB- and I did not listen myself and totally regret it -RRB- ... DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT use the brush that came with this product , it will come apart during use , and bristles will get stuck in the paint . Since paint dries extrememly fast , you will either have to leave the bristles in the paint , or pull them out leaving line impressions . The paint itself is not bad , but the whole brush thing makes this kind of a weak product . I am normally a big fan of dupli-color products , but this one was a let down .
 I used lund products in the past but frankly I am done with them . Their quality control is terrible and their products look like they came out of a mold then was heated and bent to fit similar applications . You can literally see the compaction and stretching of the bends . Also the stock material is much thinner than prior lund products . Their products have simply become garbage while maintaining the price tag of quality . However , Amazon was great about making things right . Oh and by the way , I purchased a 2nd lund bug shield thinking the 1st was a simple defect and the second one would be OK . Bad Mistake ! Buyer Beware !
 This item was misrepresented . It shows in the picture that the letters are small , but when we received them , the KC letters took up the entire surface . I was very disappointed , as was my son when he opened them for Christmas .
 I purchased 12 cans of this product and it came from TCI I believe was the company . Five of the 12 cans were completely hardened already and I sent two e-mails to them asking what to do about it with no reply !!! Beware buying from that company they have NO customer service what so ever !!!!!!!!!
 We were excited about the prospect of a `` custom-fit '' seat cover and the price was right too . As we were installing the covers we noticed the covers were quite tight , which could be a good thing , but there was no stretch or give at all . During the installation process , without any abnormal pulling , the covers started to rip at the seams . Before anyone had even sat on the covers , there were large holes ripped in the seams . We immediately contacted Amazon who quickly offered to replace the covers for us . We thought -LRB- hoped ? -RRB- perhaps this might be an isolated incedent , but no such luck . The exact same thing happened with the next set . Apparently the price WAS too good to be true . Coverking must be able to keep the price low because of the quality of the fabric and stitching . Guess we 'll have to find some other way to keep our seats clean .
 I ordered seat covers for my Mazda 5 directly from CoverKing 's web site . The second and third row covers came within a couple weeks , but the front row covers took 34 days to arrive , with no explanation.Three pieces of the second and third row covers were sewn/assembled incorrectly . One seat bottom cover included two indentations for the seat belt buckle , one on each side . The rear seats have hinges to fold flat , each with both a narrow and a wide hinge - the covers came with two narrow hinge pieces on one , and two wide hinge pieces on the second . They need better quality control processes!I contacted customer support , and provided pictures of the problem areas . Customer support seems to generally take several days to respond to inquiries . Instead of offering to take care of the issue , they insisted they needed additional pictures of the car before they would do anything . After receiving the pictures , they needed several numbers from the shipping boxes , which of course had been discarded by this point . Apparently , the order number alone is not enough for them to process replacements?So , I still have three pieces that do n't fit , and while they finally agreed to prioritize sewing new covers , it will be another week or two before they arrive . * If * they make the replacement covers correctly , it will have been at least 50 days from the time I placed my order , to when I finally have everything installed.On the positive side , the covers seem to fit well , except for the arm rest pieces - they 're significantly baggy . No seams ripped while installing , and they 're relatively easy to secure . Not sure how they 'll last in the long term , but so far , spills wipe up easily .
 what can I say the pictu bushing for the complete front end , when it came just 2 bushings for one spring .
 While this pedal is nice looking , it might not be what you want.I highly advise you to look at your car carefully before purchasing this pedal . Make sure there is plenty of room around the pedals , both when in their resting position and when they are pressed down . These pedals , as you would well guess , increase the size of your pedals and that might cause problems with some cars.On my car , the pedals would hit the ground and I would not be able to fully accelerate . While there are some people who would appreciate that , I do n't . They will not fit brake pedals with a width over 4.25 inches or a height over 2 inches.Acceleration pedals need to be at most 1.5 inches in width.In addition , the pedals , when they came to me , looked a little cracked and worn . I 'm not sure if all look like this , but just giving a heads-up to anyone who is considering it .
 Looked like it would be a nice fire log . But it came in broke , like many others said their did . The packaging is really bad . Then it was out of stock . so I did not reorder .
 Not even sure if these seat covers are still around so I 'll make this review short . They shed like a dog but look like a snake . And they did n't last very long before they ripped out . So if you want fuzz on your Butt buy these seat covers .
 Overall , the product and company were good - but the color of the dashmat is no where near the caramel color of the interior.Very dissappointed .
 First one received was damaged in shipping . It cost us $ 18.00 to return it , we got back $ 8.95 and we have AMAZON PRIME ! Second one arrived in good shape but does n't fit correctly . We 're only using the lower half because the top flaps too much . The license plate cut out did n't fit on the lower half so we had to have an upholstery shop cut and stitch it . Overall not very pleased with this product.Covercraft LeBra Custom Fit Front End Cover for Toyota Camry - -LRB- Vinyl , Black -RRB-
 the seller did a great job but the design itself is flawed , the reason people pay to get them replaced . I purchased this a while back and it has broken just like the original . do your self a favor buy it , then never use it unless it is a can of soda and even then use it with great care . Very easy install once you have the old one out ! SAME OEM quality sadly . Gave this a 1star because it broke again on me .
 These jacks are sold at your local `` discount '' auto parts stores like autozone etc. . These jacks work for about 3 uses and they then fail to lift because the seals are bypassing the fluid . If you contact the manufacturer -LRB- Larin -RRB- about getting a rebuild kit , you get NO response . Buy a jack with a better name like craftsman .
 I tried to use the Jack to change the tires a Nissan 200SX race car . It worked for about 2 months then it would not even lift 100 pounds . So figure about 12 - 16 tire changes . I guess I should have never used it for anything other than changing lawn mower blades and bought a real jack to lift a light weight car . Well off the scrap yard to dump this POS off .
 This jack did n't maintain a lift right out of the box unless it was cranked very tight -LRB- not easy with the crappy grip and impossible with greasy hands -RRB- . Eventually , it has become completely useless and will not even lift the pad much less a car . I 'm searching for warranty info .
 does not look at all like picture . it will work but not even close to the pictured shown in the ad . i returned mine because of that reason and they want to charge me a restocking fee or handling fee . i would agree with them if it was the item in the ad but it is far from it .
 I have owned my gauge for about three years now , but the non-replaceable battery is dead already , so the unit is worthless now . I originally purchased the gauge based solely for its shape , which fits my motorcycle . It can be difficult to fit a tire gauge around the dual front rotors . I am looking at options now - I will not buy this gauge again .
 31 Jan 2010 I bought this about 6 months ago and it is both convenient and works very well . Have checked tire pressure every weekend , with no problems .5 Feb 2012 2 year later update - This still works great ! 3 March 2012 Dead battery ... Tried changing the battery , with micro screwdrivers and the circuit board has 8 tiny screws - but you only need to remove the four furthest from the nozzle . Battery is a lithium CR1632.Got this far and had second thoughts after reading a prior review about resetting.The process is a nuisance and not worth the effort . Will update after getting the replacement battery .
 I have owned four of these . One for the motorcycle , one for the truck , and one each for the cars.The Good : These gauges are accurate , repeatable , and very small.The Bad : They are disposable . I get maybe a year out of them , which is perhaps 2 uses . I tried to replace the battery in one . It would be somewhat challenging for someone who did not have the necessary micro screw drivers and the patience to remove various items . Inside you will find a shoddy piece of electrical tape holding the battery in place - nice touch . After I installed a new battery , reassembled the gauge , and turned it on , I discovered that it reset itself to units that are unfamiliar to me , perhaps pascals . I never did figure out how to change the units . The price of the product is not worth the time I put into it anyway.I do n't recommend this digital pressure gauge .
 The gauge is -LRB- was -RRB- small , and seemed to be accurate . Like the other reviewers , mine died after a bit over a year . It is advertised as having a lifetime battery . That might be true if you are talking about the lifetime of a field mouse.I also tried changing the battery , with results similar to the previous reviewer . I through it away and got a trusty mechanical dial gauge instead . I do not recommend this product .
 My experience with this item is that it 's great when it works , but it stops working very quickly . I purchased one from Roadgear originally and it died after a little over a year . I called them up to complain and they offered to replace if I shipped in the old one at my cost -LRB- which I did -RRB- . The replacement unit died again a couple of weeks ago , after a little over a year of occasional use .
 Weak ... bought for a bike trip and by the time the ride was over , the battery was dead . Very disappointed and waste of $ 20
 I bought this gauge because it has a 90 degree head which works well with my large diameter drum brake motorcycle . The `` lifetime battery '' lasted about three years . There is no way to replace the battery . I replaced the tire gauge with a 90 degree head Accu-Gage model , which is a brand I 've owned and trusted for 25 + years .
 The first RoadGear tire gauge arrived dead on arrival . The seller had the nerve to charge me return shipping before sending a replacement , which died after only a few months . Ever been stuck out in the middle of nowhere trying to inflate your tires using a bad pressure gauge ? This is a clear case of product liability and ought to be taken off the market . Needless to say , I 'll never buy another RoadGear accessory again .
 As others have noted , it is an excellent gauge which lasted around a year . Ridiculous . Replacing with a mechanical gauge . Roadgear is a company I shall not order from again ...
 I made the mistake of ignoring the bad experiences that other contributors said they had with this tire gauge . My optimism was rewarded with the receipt of a gauge that was dead on arrival . The gauge display would only show all number eights . There is apparently little to no quality control on this product . I have disposed of mine in the trash and am once again looking for a quality tire guage with a 90 degree neck for use on my motorcycles .
 Bought these from the manufacturer DIRECT in case of any problems . Used only a couple times and now dead . To begin with , I use these for my assorted motorcycles and motor-scooters since I have very hard to reach valve stems due to disc brakes . This very small -LRB- Tiny ! -RRB- gauge makes it easy to get into difficult places . One big problem however , is that it is near impossible to get it to read properly to begin with ! You have to hit it just EXACTLY right the 1st second or you get a failed reading , then while on your belly -LRB- side of the road ? -RRB- , you wait forever for it to reset so you can try again . In the California desert , this is NOT fun ... Warranty requires the expense of me paying to ship it back to get yet another gauge with a lifespan of hours ? Actually , my last 3 gauges were each used less that 10 times before failing . DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK FROM CHINA ! Amazon should really create a special category for crap like this that `` flags '' the item as not worth buying at all ... ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ UPDATE : The manufacturer sent me a replacement for free after I mailed mine back . The bad part ? It does n't work either out of the box ! Not wasting time for more postage for this finicky gauge even when working . This is insult to injury . But trying to be fair again , they DID at least send me a new gauge . But as Eric Von Zipper used to ask , I find MYSELF asking
 ... is what the small print on the bottom of the packaging says . This stuff is described as `` ideal for stopping leaks and repairing split seams in metal '' . I bought it to ` solder ' repair the small battery connections in 2 different automobile keyless entry remotes . It did not come close to working ... or even adhering or drying solid . Make sure your use of this product is for the right type of repair .
 I bought a set of these from another site that also has a forum all about the Prius.I installed them after having to call the 1-800 # because the direction do n't tell you what way the retaining clips for the back windows go in.The front passenger side did n't go all the way into the window channel near the side view mirror and partially blocks your view.The back windows vents on both sides are held in by only two small lips with adhesive that sticks to the window seal and by two clips that install into the window channel . These lasted two weeks and went soaring down the thruway never to be seen again . The only thing left are the clips and the small lips that are stuck to the window seal that now make putting the windows back up a pain in the arse.These may work well in other cars but they do Not work in a 2012 Prius .
 I purchased the deflector set for a Toyota Venza AS ADVERTISED . I was sent a set for a Tundra and thus unusable . I have used Weathertech in the past so the product is good if you get a set for the right vehicle . I guess they do n't make deflectors for the Venza . The company was easy to work with for the return .
 Not too impressed . 4 small velcro pieces to hold the shade on . They were not well placed , and not a good fit on my Jeep Liberty .
 Poorly made . The clips that hold it to the visor popped off as I tried to attach it to the visor . Mirror quality is very poor . Gave it a One only because there 's no Zero.I can not recommend dealing with BIC Superstore . I purchased about $ 30 . of auto and hardware items - no , junk , from them . Each one was an import of poor quality and I gave away most all items . And , all were poorly and loosely packaged - a few items were cracked and broken . Not worth my time and effort to package each item and return them .
 My jeep Grand Cherokee bounces like a rubber ball . I had to buy different shocks . Would not buy them again
 Amazons website says this fits the 2010 Tucson but it DOES NOT ! This deflector only fits up to the 2009 Tucson . AVS will not have one available for the 2010 until sometime this fall according to their customer support .
 Even though I orded the nose cover for my 2011 Chevy Colorado 1LT I recieved a nose cover for a 2004 ford explorer !!
 WARNING
 Product was in good condition and was in original parts box from Ford . But the description said that it was a Fuel Tank Sender including level sensor and fuel pump assembly . What arrived was just the fuel level sensor part . Other than description of the part being incorrect part is in good working condition .
 I was very excited to upgrade my OEM brake/parking in my vehicle . After changing one bulb at a time and viewing the image on my white garage door , I determined that I was mislead with this purchase . Sure , this bulb has more wattage than the OEM -LRB- 5/21 Watt -RRB- with the PIAA at -LRB- 8/27 Watt -RRB- . The bulb is covered deeply with blue paint and although it illuminates a whiter color , is is not as bright as the OEM bulb , thus a waste of money.I would not recommend this product .
 Amazon clearly states that these shocks are for my land cruiser 1999 , when i took it to the mechanic he said yes they are made for this vehicle but for the Gasoline type , I have the diesel engine type , which uses a hydraulic shock that lift 's the vehicle at a certain altitude with a touch of a button inside the deck
 thought this is a quality rotor . After installed on my Sienna van , the car shakes a lot on the highway . Balanced tires twice in 1 month , and still vibrate . Before changing the rotor , car was no such problem . These rotors seem out of balance itself . Bad buy
 I purchased this item for a 1998 Ford Taurus . I could not find the installation instructions on-line before ordering . The installation seemed initially that it would be relatively easy . But to install this heater you need to establish a seperate coolant loop with the lower connection very difficult to connect into the cooling system . The heater also has to be mounted in a vertical position which can also be difficult to accomplish in the limted space of an engine compartment . I am sure that with enough time and effort this heater could be installed correctly . I returned the item because of the complexity of the installation . I am not a full time auto mechanic but I am able to accomplish most things that I set out to do on a car .
 I had ordered a Bed Extender for a 2005 Dodge Dakota and an replacement mounting hardware kit was specified at a cost of $ 35 . When I get the bed extender both the original and the replacement hardware kits are identical ... whats gives ... I spent $ 35 for nothing .
 This company sucks , there is no one to answer the phones anymore . I have a unit I installed 4 years ago and now I am having issues with the unit and can not reach a real person for warrenty . The phone goes on for about 30 min then tells you the mailbox is full and to try your call again . Just another company that outsourced and ruined their customer service . Do n't waste your time , pay a little more and buy an real unit from a real company and save the heartache .
 Although Amazon claims that this case is for the Raytek MT6 it does not fit . The flap will not close with a MT6 in the case . Plus , Amazon indicates it is a `` Raytek '' brand case , which is doubtful . Notice that it does not say `` Raytek '' on the package , and the model MTAPK does not show up as a Raytek accessory on their web site.To top it off , when you buy a Raytek MT6 thermometer it already COMES with a case -LRB- at least the last three we bought did -RRB- . So do n't waste your money on this MTAPK case .
 Too small for the MT6 , MT 6 comes with a soft case that fits , Amazon should not advertise this with the MT6I did rate No Stars
 Too tight and really no better than the one provided with the unit . Wasted my money by not realizing the gauge came with a cover .
 Compre el termometro Raytek mt6 y decia que no tenia el `` case '' asi que compre este producto y cual seria mi sorpresa , cuando el termometro no cabe dentro del estuche . y para colmo el raytek si venia con estuche , un poco ordinario pero cabe y funciona .
 These are horrible bulbs , especially considering that PIAA is supposedly a world-class automotive lighting company . Instead of the super white advertised , the bulbs were tinted such dark blue that the light shows up a nasty shade of blue-green . The 1157 bulbs just do n't put out that much power to begin with so the uncolored regular bulbs show up a bit yellowed -LRB- as with many incandescant bulbs -RRB- , add the dark blue tinting , you get green-blue light . I also bought the 168 Xtreme White wedge bulbs from PIAA -LRB- same product line , different bulb -RRB- and they come out brilliantly - a slightly blue shade of white . I do n't know why the 1157s were so terrible . This is including weeks of any `` burn in '' time they might 've needed . The PolarG 1157s I tried after the PIAAs were n't perfect either , but much better than the PIAAs .
 This is yet another poorly engineered product from Belltech . This item should be made of steel not urethane . The spring slips off the spacer under load during installation . Save your money and buy a better product from a better manufacturer .
 This item is designed to work as it should . However there is a spring mechanism that holds the wrench together to make it work . This spring is very flimsy at best , does n't hold up to the slightest of tension . It will go out of shape with the slightest tug . I found it very difficult to unwrap the package without damaging the spring mechanism because the shrink wrap is totally wrapped around the product and spring . Once you pull of the shrink wrap , the spring will get bent and the entire wrench becomes useless.Of course right on the package itself is a replacement part number for the spring . How convenient , it must be a part they want to sell a million of because it 'll keep getting bent/twisted and become unusable . This spring should be made from heavier duty material that wo n't bend out of shape so easily . If this spring mechanism is improved on , this product will be 5 stars , however as it is now , this is only a 2 star product .
 Spring is weak and pops off . Arms do not slide in or out smoothly . It is a real fight if you are upside down , standing on your head . If it will fit your filter well and you have three hands this is the wrench for you .
 I change my own oil on my Z and this wrench adapter worked great the first oil change . Upon doing my 2nd oil change the spring shot off and I for the life of me could not find it . Searched everywhere . Disappointed as the grip was great . Outside of 30 days so that was a waste of some hard earned money .
 The concept is sound , but the spring was worthless . I lost it on my very first oil change , and it is now a paperweight until I decide on whether I want to purchase a new spring ...
 I think the idea is great but the filter on my Honda is just too small and it wont adjust any smaller . It would help if they were to put a man and min diameter that it can take on the advert .
 Feels like a solid metal tool , and it 's a clever design , but does n't get small enough to fit on my filter . Also the little spring that adds tension is flimsy at best . A one meter drop to the ground popped it right off , never to work again .
 3 things . # 1 Spring is cheep and installed incorrectly . Snapped on unpacking so i had to twist it to place it the right -LRB- better -RRB- way and twist the ends toward inside more , because spring is made of cheep metal that bends like aluminum . # 2 Size is too big for regular car filters . Toyotas/Hondas/Motorcycles ETC. . Maybe a 5Lite For 3500 utility van will have enough filter diameter for this to fit around , or a huge SUV or a pickup truck . # 3 Removal only . does not work the other way around to tight the filter .
 It did NOT open the filter because it slipped on filter . Design seems flawed and unless filter is loosely mount , it may not open .
 I think this was my fault for not reading every line of the description before buying . I saw words like wide range and universal and biting teeth ... What I missed was that it works from 31/8 to 37/8 inches ... I am sure I 'll use it , just not as much use as I 'd hoped it would get .
 The spring does not stay in place , the grip is almost non-ecxistant . I spent an extra 15 minutes wrapping the oil filter with gaffers tape to have the thing work at all .
 Will not fit in the Rancho leaf springs -LRB- RS44148 -RRB- will work for stock * 1993 JEEP CHEROKEE COUNTRY * leaf springs . Not sure about other lift kits but it will not fit Rancho . Now i have to see if amazon can help me out . Amazon is pretty good so i wont hold this against them .
 After using on my outboard as a chake cable the pull knob fell okk the cable end while trailering the boat to go fishing .
 I ordered a set of seat covers in Grey because my car is Grey . But I received Brown seat covers because the item numbers were wrong . I returned them requesting my money back and I only recevied a portion because of shipping and restocking charges , I feel the mistake was not mine You sent me the wrong color . I WILL NEVER buy from you again .
 I got these because I thought it would be nice to have brighter back up bulbs , but because they are blue they really darken the light housing and make it look well ... blue . More than I anticipated they would . Then I tried them in the red brake light side and even there it darkened it to a ruby red that looked funny because of the blue color . They are nice and bright when working , but unless your looking for a blue lens housing look , stick with a clear/amber/chrome bulb . Also , pretty pricy for a small simple bulb .
 I upgraded -LRB- supposedly -RRB- all the exterior bulbs in my 2010 Soul . I did one side at a time to see the difference and I saw none . Would never by again ; -LRB-
 Claims to fit `` most all import car filters '' but it did NOT fit the filter for my 04 Honda Civic . It also seems doubtful for my 03 Toyota Camry -LRB- 4 cyl -RRB- and 99 Toyota Corolla because the filter diameters/flute sizes seem to vary slightly by manufacturer -LRB- OEM , Purolator , Mobil-1 , Fram -RRB- . The tool is a bit too large and can not grip/turn my filters for the Honda -LRB- by Mobil-1 and Honda -RRB- . All have diameters of 2-1/2 or 2-9/16 inches . Perhaps the stated minimum 2-1/2 in . diameter applies to the fluted endcap rather than to the slightly larger main body or mounting face , but that is not stated in the sales description . Lisle generally has a reputation for good quality tool construction , but they blew it for a big segment of small cars by not sizing this tool to work with slightly smaller filters . Lisle did not allow for tolerance differences of filter manufacturers so the tool misses a 1/8 - 3/16 inch spread which should be in an after-market tool suitable for general use . Big disappointment given all the other positive reviews ! Wasted my money even though I had measured my filters before ordering it . - VW
 I tried this on a 2010 RAV4 filter cap . -LRB- this car has a cartridge filter -RRB- All this thing did was chew up the cap and did not get it open easily . I was pretty useless reinstalling the cap and getting it to the correct torque .
 This wrench is not working at all . When I got it , I figure that I need to buy a handle , then I tried the handle together with this wrench . Guess what ? I can only unlock the filter and could n't lock it ... ? The people in the auto parts store , laugh out loud at me ... after i told them how how I paid for it . The expense to send it back can let me buy a useful one from the store . ... VERY DISAPPOINTED .
 I did n't even get the right tool . I got some crapy chinese one that is totaly different . give me the right one
 Purchased the item after reading so many good reviews . Ordered the item and received a totally different product than the one picture here . The items doesnt grab the filter head properly , already tried with my VT 600 oil filter and my RX 330 and nothing.Dont waste your money . This one is going right back to amazon.If I could give half a star I will do it
 It should be Papa `` J '' for junk.I 've had a pair of VZ Papa G sunglasses -LRB- black frame , grey lens , polarized -RRB- for about six weeks now that I purchased locally and the lens coating that they had put on the inside part of the lens is already starting to rub/peel off badly . I take very good care of my sunglasses and this should not happen.I 've never owned a pair of Von Zipper sunglasses before this and I can tell you that I doubt I 'll be buying one of these cheaply made sunglasses ever again.I do like the way these sunglasses look and the tint is very easy on the eyes , but if I wanted to buy junk , I could go down to my local drugstore and get a cheap pair of sunglasses for twelve bucks instead of the hundred or so dollars that VZ sunglasses sell for.Stick with Maui Jim or Revo and , for the money , RayBan is excellent as well .
 It should be Papa `` J '' for junk.I 've had a pair of VZ Papa G sunglasses -LRB- black frame , grey lens -RRB- for about six weeks now that I purchased locally and the lens coating that they had put on the inside part of the lens is already starting to rub/peel off badly . I take very good care of my sunglasses and this should not happen.I 've never owned a pair of Von Zipper sunglasses before this and I can tell you that I doubt I 'll be buying one of these cheaply made sunglasses ever again.I do like the way these sunglasses look and the tint is very easy on the eyes , but if I wanted to buy junk , I could go down to my local drugstore and get a cheap pair of sunglasses for twelve bucks instead of the hundred or so dollars that VZ sunglasses sell for.Stick with Maui Jim or Revo and , for the money , RayBan is excellent as well .
 It should be Papa `` J '' for junk.I 've had a pair of VZ Papa G sunglasses -LRB- black frame , grey lens -RRB- for about six weeks now that I purchased locally and the lens coating that they had put on the inside part of the lens is already starting to rub/peel off badly . I take very good care of my sunglasses and this should not happen.I 've never owned a pair of Von Zipper sunglasses before this and I can tell you that I doubt I 'll be buying one of these cheaply made sunglasses ever again.I do like the way these sunglasses look and the tint is very easy on the eyes , but if I wanted to buy junk , I could go down to my local drugstore and get a cheap pair of sunglasses for twelve bucks instead of the hundred or so dollars that VZ sunglasses sell for.Stick with Maui Jim or Revo and , for the money , RayBan is excellent as well .
 I 've had a pair of these VZ Papa G sunglasses for about six weeks now and the lens coating that they had put on the inside part of the lens is already starting to rub/peel off badly . I take very good care of my sunglasses and this should not happen.I 've never owned a pair of Von Zipper sunglasses before this and I can tell you that I doubt I 'll be buying one of these cheaply made sunglasses ever again.I do like the way these sunglasses look and the tint is very easy on the eyes , but if I wanted to buy junk , I could go down to my local drugstore and get a cheap pair of sunglasses for twelve bucks instead of the hundred or so dollars that VZ sunglasses sell for.Stick with Maui Jim or Revo and , for the money , RayBan is excellent as well .
 It should be Papa `` J '' for junk.I 've had a pair of VZ Papa G sunglasses -LRB- black frame , grey lens -RRB- for about six weeks now that I purchased locally and the lens coating that they had put on the inside part of the lens is already starting to rub/peel off badly . I take very good care of my sunglasses and this should not happen.I 've never owned a pair of Von Zipper sunglasses before this and I can tell you that I doubt I 'll be buying one of these cheaply made sunglasses ever again.I do like the way these sunglasses look and the tint is very easy on the eyes , but if I wanted to buy junk , I could go down to my local drugstore and get a cheap pair of sunglasses for twelve bucks instead of the hundred or so dollars that VZ sunglasses sell for.Stick with Maui Jim or Revo and , for the money , RayBan is excellent as well .
 It should be Papa `` J '' for junk.I 've had a pair of VZ Papa G sunglasses -LRB- black frame , grey lens -RRB- for about six weeks now that I purchased locally and the lens coating that they had put on the inside part of the lens is already starting to rub/peel off badly . I take very good care of my sunglasses and this should not happen.I 've never owned a pair of Von Zipper sunglasses before this and I can tell you that I doubt I 'll be buying one of these cheaply made sunglasses ever again.I do like the way these sunglasses look and the tint is very easy on the eyes , but if I wanted to buy junk , I could go down to my local drugstore and get a cheap pair of sunglasses for twelve bucks instead of the hundred or so dollars that VZ sunglasses sell for.Stick with Maui Jim or Revo and , for the money , RayBan is excellent as well .
 These bulbs are not as bright as the Silverstar Ultra that I replaced . The distance and pattern of these bulbs are not as good as the SU . I 've had them for about 3 weeks and am very disappointed . They are not as advertised and for the high price of these bulbs not a good value at all . The brightness and patterns displayed compare to OE halogen . Do n't waste your money !
 not very good &#65292; the material was very cheap and it was also hard to cover on the seat . it was not worth
 First of all , I had a hell of a time finding a lug nut that would fit under it . Once installed , it fell off once but I found it . Then after the winter it came time to rotate my tires and the lock was jammed . Luckily , it only took the back of a hammer and about 2 minutes to pry the whole thing apart . Proving it worthless but saving me a lot of trouble .
 Might be a nice product were it not for a tiny hole -LRB- 3/8 '' ? -RRB- where at least a 1/2 '' hole should be so your spare tire bolt can protrude through the lock . Most spare tire racks I have seen have a long protruding bolt after the nut is applied . This product is worthless unless you have only a short -LRB- 1/2 '' to maybe 3/4 '' -RRB- section of bolt sticking out .
 This lug nut lock is the wrong shape to work with a Jeep Liberty spare tire wheel . There is n't enough room for it to be maneuvered into position to close or lock -- the metal shape of the wheel prevents this lock from fitting . If you have a Jeep , do n't waste your time on this lock ... move on to another solution.Note
 Nice lock , but do n't fit my spare . I have chrome rims from the factory and this lock do n't even come close to going on the lug !
 Bought this for my 2010 Rubicon spare tire . Does n't even come close to fitting . Wish it would have said something about what vehicles it does fit .
 Did n't fit my tire rim . I wish there would have been more specifiic details regarding the type of rim the lock fits on . I was really frustrated ! Now I have to start looking all over again to buy something else .
 no good for the jeep jk it might work for other car but not for the jeep do n't waste you money
 This product did not fit the factory 17 '' wheels on my Jeep Wrangler . All it did was score the alloy wheel when I tried to tighten it.Master Lock 262DAT Chrome Lug Nut Style Spare Tire Lock
 This lock is of such a poor design that it should be removed from the market . The premise of the design is good , but it does not take into account today 's larger/longer lugnuts or recessed wheel openings . I regret purchasing this product , no wonder the price was so cheap . I ended up buying a set of locking lugnuts , I suggest you do the same .
 The cover is useless for the rear spare tire on a Jeep Liberty it is not deep enough to use
 But it will not work on my stock 1999 Jeep Wrangler SE wheels . This unit needs to be screwed down onto the existing lug - and unless there is plenty of clearance around the lug this will not fit .
 I bought this to protect my spare tire on my new 2010 Jeep Wrangler Sport . It will not fit for this vehicle . I can not even return as the back piece bent upon `` easy insallation '' .
 I bought this item in hopes of being able to keep the key with me , rather than try to hide the standard lug nut lock key in my car . I thought this was a great idea , however this lock does not fit over the lug nut for the spare tire on the Jeep Wrangler 2011 . It would have been helpful if they listed the vehicles -LRB- with model year -RRB- that this lock would fit , or offer an option to buy a lug nut for your vehicle . So over all great concept , but poor execution for this product .
 As always , arrived quickly from Amazon . I have preferred Master Lock products . However , I am surprised they would put their name to this item . The housing does not fit tight to the lug nut . There is a full one-third inch gap that would allow a point of leverage to pry the lock from the wheel . It is flimsy enough to do such . It will also rattle around , due to the floppy fit and is aestetically unattractive . The top of the housing appears to dangle . Will buy a cable lock instead .
 Why are they selling this as something that will work with a Jeep Wrangler/Rubicon ? This does not come close to being able to fit on the spare . . . . in addition , it is cheaply made and I doubt that it would work after being exposed to the elements for a couple months ... . Being able to secure a spare tires is a priority for me , so wasting time by ordering this and having to send it back and finding a better answer is frustrating ... . No wonder they do n't show this lock actually attached to the spare -- IT DOES NOT FIT ... . bogus product ... Come on Amazon , take down this bogus product
 Very poor quality . Dont buy it . It doesnt lock well . The key is poor quality . Just a bad product . Oh my gosh , its forcing me to write twenty words for the review , but being so wordy , it will not be clearly stated . Its CRAP !
 As received , the adhesive was already largely congealed , and came out of the tube in rubbery ropes that were impossible to apply to the two surfaces as indicated in the instruction . Either a flaw in the formulation or this particular tube was well past its shelf life when it got to me .
 These came marked as some other brand , I needed them that day so I had to use them I threw the box away so now I do n't remember who made them but they are not Aimco premiums .
 Do n't waste your money on the Volvo used fobs . The dealerships WILL NOT program them . After purchasing a NEW FOB from the DEALER , for 218.00 , we NOW HAVE A WORKING FOB FOR OUR VOLVO . Would like to have my money back from the seller of the USED FOB , but they refused .
 I thought since this was `` custom fit '' I would be satisfied . After about a month of daily use in the vehicle they started to bunch up and have become more trouble than they are worth . I felt like they were a total waste of money .
 Beware ! After using this product as directed it caused major problems . A small amount of `` liquid '' product leaked from duct on internal ecm and short circuited car electrical system . Major repair bill !! Do not use !
 First off , would like to say that my 2009 Scion XB had a pretty good case of mold due to the drain line getting clogged this hot summer , and me not knowing what to do about it -LRB- From everything I have read online , this seems to be a problem with Toyta products ... too bad I found this out too late in the game ! -RRB- . When I finally figured out how to get the water out , the evaporator was pretty infested with mold . I tried this product , and followed the directions to the letter . Unfortunately , the only thing that happened is that it masked the mold smell for about 2-3 weeks . Looks like I 'm going to have to take the car to the dealer or a repair shop , have them disassemble the whole system , and clean it out with bleach to get all th mold out . Do n't waste your money if your mold problem is bad !
 I used this in my 2006 dodge ram in yet another attempt to remove a mildew smell from my HVAC system . I actually injected 1/2 of the bottle in the drain hole and the other half in the vent . I believed this way would be better as the foam could expand from both the bottom and top of the evaporator and , therefore , be more likely to get it clean . I used the entire can to treat my vehicle and followed all the package instructions . This stuff does have a somewhat pleasant lemon scent . Took about 5 days of running the blower fan full blast with the windows down during my daily commute to get the lemon scent from the stuff to subside to a tolerable level . However , after about 10 days after application , the mildew smell is back and now I have lemon scented mildew . Clearly the stuff did n't work . I would n't buy it again . It gets 2 stars only because the smell was decent .
 I donot know whether it is working good or not.But this item is different from this picture.I received this cleaner without spray tube and top.How do I use it ?
 Bought two cans of this stuff . First used half before and half after the evap . Still stunk ! Tried second car but it too did not work .
 the propellant ran out before the can was empty , didnt even begin to fill the evap box , so did not have the desired effect , which was to clean the crud out of the evaporator fins.The real deal , I found out , is called frigi-clean , and it did get it frig-in clean ! -LRB- to the tune of $ 40 -RRB-
 Once the car sat out in the sun . The smell came right back . I used the whole can and sprayed it directly at the coil from a sensor hole .
 The cap does not fit well , the content does not work well in eliminating ordorThe long tubing is the only good feature
 First thing I would like say is I have helped replace a couple of headliners ten or twelve years ago when I worked at a shop . So I am familiar with the process but no professional . I took headliner out of 2000 Pontiac Bonneville , clean the fiberglass board , wire brushed it and cleaned it with paint thinner . A week later vacuumed the board and laid out the foam backed liner . After spaying the board and back of liner I let it tack one side at time . The stuff stuck really nice I had one small wrinkle and tried to fix it and there was no way it was coming up without ripping the foam . I used a can and a half on the liner and board . But , after install a month later I came out to the car and the front is sagging . You can still push it back and it sticks but falls back down after a day . This could have been my mistake as others have had luck or just a bad can glue . Either way I 'm not using it again .
 We had high hopes for this professional-sounding adhesive . But after a week , the headliner was hanging loose again . Looks like we 're off to the upholstry shop .
 I tried repairing the headliner while it was still in the car , and it did n't go very well . It was the headliner along the edge of the back window , so when I sprayed it , the glue would form droplets that trickled down to where the headliner was still attached , and they soaked through . Now the headliner has yellow glue splotches on it . Also , because it 's a spray , it 's hard to spray it evenly over all areas . So there are still areas that are detached . And I could n't get all the bubbles out either . I should have just had it done professionally , which is what I have to do now to fix the mess I made .
 I purchased these mats as winter replacment mats for my Cadillac . I wanted to keep the original mats with the Cadillac Crests from getting damaged during the winter months . Salt mud snow etc. . The quality of these `` premium '' mats is good but nowhere near the factory mats cushion and feel as described on the site . Also the color matching left something to be desired . Mine were at least 4 shades darker than the factory ones that match the carpet exactly -LRB- as you would expect from the factory -RRB- . The fit however is good almost a perfect match to the originals . Bottom line , I could have paid half the price for the same quality mats at any auto parts store .
 I received my order today and the wrong part was in the box . I contacted powersports superstore and Alfonzo said he would email me a return slip and when they got the old one back they would send me another one . I told him that now we 're looking at a 2 week turn around and that was not acceptable . I ask to talk to a supervisor and was put on hold to wait for Jason . Jason told me they could not ship out another one without receiving the wrong one back , OK . I offered to go to the post office , ship it and then call them back with the tracking number , could n't do that either . I offered to buy another one since Amazon showed 8 in stock . Guess what , they had zero in stock . Alfonzo blamed Amazon for puting in bogus infomation out there ? Now I was working on a customer 's bike that I tore down to do a top end on , which was his only means of getting around , how do you think this customer feels about me now . I had to take it to another shop so they could ream it for me . I had to eat the cost of that service . Befor you do any transactions with Powersport Superstore I hope you get the right part because if not . . oh boy . Not good when your tring to earn a living . I 'm sure that if I got the right part it would be great just like all of Jim 's tools are . Also my name is Grover Everett not as it 's coming up under by wife Bonnie
 I purchased these mats as winter replacment mats for my Cadillac . I wanted to keep the original mats with the Cadillac Crests from getting damaged during the winter months . Salt mud snow etc. . The quality of these `` premium '' mats is good but nowhere near the factory mats cushion and feel as described on the site . Also the color matching left something to be desired . Mine were at least 4 shades darker than the factory ones that match the carpet exactly -LRB- as you would expect from the factory -RRB- . The fit however is good almost a perfect match to the originals . Bottom line , I could have paid half the price for the same quality mats at any auto parts store .
 The dash mat was good quality but did not fit my rav4 it was not even close . Air vent holes were square when mine ar round and the contour of the mat was not even close . Beware this is not for 2012 model . And even though there was free shipping still cost me to send back .
 The seat covers started coming loose at the seams immediately upon putting them on the seats .
 The seat covers started coming loose at the seams immediately upon putting them on the seats .
 I have been using Valvoline SynPower Motor Oil SAE 5W-20 for my Honda Accord for quite a few years now . This is the best engine oil I know of . So I signed up Amazon 's engine oil subscription service the moment I 'm aware of it.I was very shocked when I received the case of 6 bottles of this oil . I never saw any engine oil bottles that look so old and the printing on the labels have smear all over . They do not look like the products I used to buy from local shops . And I decided to drive back to my local Pep Boys to see what their bottles really look like . Their bottle look fresh and clean . And all labels are clear , no smear at all.I do n't know where the Amazon seller gets their stock . It seems like they can not sell the stock for a long time and finally got this clever idea of using Amazon subscription.I finally replaced my engine oil -LRB- in my Accord -RRB- with this oil . I still remembered that my car will drive almost silky smooth right after each engine oil change . But not this time . By the way , my car has only 30K miles.I cancelled the engine oil subscription yesterday and would not recommend this service to anyone . You 'd better try Walmart as the other reviewer suggested.So my final rating : Valvoline SynPower Motor Oil SAE 5W-20
 I bought both the interior and exterior bottles of this product . I used it as per manufacturers instructions on a cool dry day . It took over a week for the rear cover on my truck to stop being sticky and picking up dust . I cleaned the rear cover again and tried this product again because I thought that I made a mistake , well the same thing happened . I did the interior with the interior spray , and the same thing happened . I emailed the address on the bottles and the answer I got was that sometimes it takes twenty - four hours to dry non sticky , I am very sorry that I purchased this product , But I am still looking for a non silicone spray or liquid for interior and exterior use .
 According to Amazon , this sparking plugs fitted my Jeep Liberty 6cil 3.7 L engine ... however they do n't !!! These are for the Jeep Liberty using the 2.4 L -LRB- 4cil -RRB- engine.Autolite are excellent products but the reason I gave just one star is because such mistake of Amazon and not the product perse . Very expensive in my case returning them to Amazon because it was an internationa order .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I ordered a pair of struts and received 2 left hand struts , not a right and a left . The center shafts do not turn so you need a left and right pair . If someone orders a pair they should automoatically get a left and right . Who would replace 2 lefts or 2 rights ? No one .
 Bought 4 for my Ford Fusion . Talk about poor quality . They were NOT pre gapped as the other reviewer stated . In fact 2 of them had the ground almost touching the center electrode . One was badly bent to one side . The threads has some weird lubricant on them . The threads on all of them had pits and dents . I would be stupid inserting these in Aluminum heads.Returned them and bought OEM Motorcraft Plugs from the dealer for 10 bucks more for the set . Night and Day . No bent parts , properly gapped , thick plastic protectors around the threads which had no dents and pits . I now rate Autolites with Champions - good for your mower but do n't dare put one in your car !!
 This item did not fit the vehicle very well . At high speeds it flaps and the sound is really annoying . Do not buy this . Go to the dealer and pay more but get one that fits .
 Purchased a pair of 40032 Monroe shocks in April 2012 . I pulled the rear wheels to check the brakes -LRB- Dec 2012 -RRB- and was shocked to find the shock boots deteriorating quickly . I called Monroe warranty and was told no warranty on these specialty shocks . The warranty if any is through the distributor . Monroe warranty sent an email to Amazon on my behalf stating the issue . We shall see . For now , I recommend you find a different product .
 Monroe tries hard to create products for the aftermarket , but in my opinion always fall short . For the money paid to purchase both front and rear Monroe Shocks from Amazon , I could have purchased the OEM Units from GMPartsDirect and had money left in my pocket and the original ride restored . These units ride very rough and are far from the GM Autoride that I have enjoyed . Upon contacting Monroe to discuss the issue I was given the typical response regarding correct installation . My subsequent reply and phone calls where never returned and thus was never able to explore technical issues or enjoy the advertised `` Safe and Sound '' Guarantee .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 Seems odd to me that when I purchased my BAK Universal Running Boards , nowhere in the ad was it mentioned that I had to purchase the univerwsal mounting hardware seperately . If its all UNIVERSAL , why does n't BAK package it all together , I mean universal means universal , right . And how exactly does BAK think I was going to mount their product on my Trailblazer anyway ? What a mess .
 you can find a better price , and its only replacement remote starter , it took them 3 weeks to send the item
 If you happen to buy this remote , be sure to also buy a good supply of AAA batteries as they do n't last much longer than a few weeks with this unit . At least for me , this is how it 's been .
 I phoned to say I was not accepting this package because of the UPS cost , which was not on the order at all!I have not AT ALL heard back from the seller as to where my refund is , very unhappy .
 I ordered this filter because the Amazon `` Find Parts that fit your vehicle '' verified that these filters fit my 2008 ML 350 . As soon as I received the package and opened it I knew it was the wrong filter . I pulled out the cabin filters currently in my car and confirmed the Bosch C3788 Cabin Filters would not work and are not for my 2008 ML 350 -LRB- W164 -RRB- . I have no complaints regarding the quality of the filters or the packaging and delivery , all of this was perfect.My one star rating is really just to draw attention to the fact that these filters are not for my SUV and the Amazon data base should be updated to reflect this.I sent the filters back with no problems and ordered the right filters , TYC 800129C2 Mercedes Benz Replacement Cabin Air Filter . These are not Bosch but very good quality and fit perfectly in the W164 model .
 I purchase the Touch Up Paint NEW , althought I saw the price a little bit high ... to cover a couple of scratches feeling comfortable that I purchased a new and original product ... . and when I received the item it was a used pen , already opened and the little bottle was around 70 % to 80 % filled ... even the tag/sticker on the pen was openedUnfortunately I was in a hurry because I was selling the car ... so I used it ... otherwise I would have returned in the same condition I received itAwful
 If you ca n't trust Bosch with your German car , whom can you trust?Removing the factory filter from my Chrysler Crossfire was a cinch . Unscrew two screws , remove the compartment cover , slide the two plastic sliders on the lid that covers the filter compartment - and you can pry out the old filter . Much easier that removing the glove compartment to get to the filter on my Infiniti -LRB- and apparently on most cars -RRB- . After seeing a video on YouTube - a cinch . Now just repeat in reverse with the new filter , right?And herein comes the rub . This Bosch thing is not quite like a factory filter . Factory filter has a hard plasic frame . You put it in the filter compartment , and it sits there . This thing has a semi-soft frame , made of some kind of fiber , easily deformed . And it has ever so slightly different shape . So you put it in , and it falls out . You put it in again , and shove it in for good measure , because otherwise it wo n't fit , and by the time you grab the lid , it falls out . Remember - you are leaning with your left shoulder on the passender seat , while lying on the ground outside , because that 's the only position to be able to see what you are doing , so you have only your left hand to do the work . The right arm just hangs out there . And you have to grab the lid -LRB- with locking sliders -RRB- , put it underneath the falling filter , and slide the locks . But they do n't slide unless the lid is closed tight , just so . Which you ca n't close , because the filter sticks out of the box by quarter inch - if it did n't fall out . So you manage to put the filter and insert the lid , and now you have to squeeze the filter into the compartment by pressing on the lid - but it is hard . Very hard . Either one side pops out , or the other.Don ' t know how I managed . Stopped a few times . Was about to give up , to install the old filter , and to trash this Bosch thing . After I shoved it inside a few times , I do n't think the return would have been acceptable.The saving grace - now I know that the OEM filter , with Mercedes name on it , is made by MicronAir . And they are about the same price , about 30 bucks , and from the pictures it seems that they have a hard plastic frame . Then again , on the picture this Bosch thing does too .
 The Air Charger comes with an actual dyno report `` proving '' that it makes more power on a 6.0 Chevy Ls2 engine . You wo n't be able to feel the difference however . It sounds very cool though and is easily inspected unlike the stock intake . With all the resonators removed , the intake sound on an Ls2 is very deep and impressive . If I had known what to expect I would not have bought it .
 Worked well for about 2 years . Then after storage in the house - fired it up and no AC voltage output . Tested it with a known good light bulb . Makes noise , indicator light is on , fuse looks good , just no AC . Open the bottom of the case - corrosion all over the place . Seems like they did not clean off the solder flux in manufacture , perhaps causing a bad join somewhere . More gifts from China now in the landfill . RayOVac seems to be having quality issues lately .
 Extremely poor technical support . I have contacted bulldog several times via phone and left messages . If you call the wait time is extremely long and you can leave a voice message with your phone number and they will call you back , right ??? I have sent multiple e-mails , received back nothing . If you expect support troubleshooting any issues this is not the product to buy . Packaging was very damaged as well .
 Let me start off by saying that I was a mechanic for a few years and now have an electrical engineering degree so installing this should not have been a problem . I also have the shop manual for my car which gives me info on were all the wire are . They also do not sell a T-harness for my car -LRB- 97 Lexus ES 300 -RRB- so I had to splice in all the wires myself.Install took about 2 hours . When the unit after install the car started ran for 5 seconds then shut off . It did that again then the alarm went off . I call tech support and they tell me the only way to operate this unit with my car is to use the factory transponder to unlock the car first . Well that sucks who wants to do that , + you have to have two key fobs with you , + if you forget to unlock first the alarm will go off.So I figure out a way around that by taking the FASD wire and connected it to my unlock wire in the door . This way before it remote starts the car it will unlock the door like you put the key in the door and unlocked it . The tech support said there was no way to do thisNow it should work it starts and runs for a few seconds then turns off and keeps repeating . I connect the TACH wire from the remote start to the tachometer feed in the car . Program the unit for TACH operation . Then teach it to learn the TACH . Same dam problem.Call tech support and ask him about the problem . He says the unit is not seeing noise after the car starts . I tell him that 's why I connected the TACH I also know the unit learned the TACH because it confirmed it did when I was programming it . His advice is to remove the TACH wire and connect to an ignition wire . To me this is crap half ass solution . Asked what signal the remote start is looking for so I could go out with an oscilloscope and check the TACH output or make it look like the unit wants and he could not tell me.I can not trust this unit without the TACH connected . Last thing I want is to be replacing the battery or the started because this unit kept trying to start the car over and over again when i am inside waiting for the car to warm up.You get what you pay for -LRB- the RS1100 and RS1200 are the same thing I asked tech support -RRB-
 The reason this should be called the 1200n is because the `` e '' in 1200e stands for `` extended range '' . I say 1200n for `` no range '' . I 've seen more range on a 400 lb linemen ! When you 're standing right next to the vehicle it works fine but thats not the idea now is it ? The installation was very easy . I have been certified as an MECP so putting it in was no problem . Making it work is another thing . I 've tried everything under the sun to make this unit work . I 've tried several antenna solutions and nothing works well . So , when it says extended range do n't you believe it !
 I return it it is made for cars made in the 80s and 90s to make it work you have to buy add ons they kept sending me the wrong parts took 6 days to get a response by phone not worth the hassel just buy one that made for your car cheaper in the long run they tell you to tape the wires I haven , t used tape on wires since the 60 , s
 This item is impossible to install with the limited and poor instructions that come with the Bulldog . Never have got mine working after 3 weeks of trying .
 The `` customer support '' is nil . I have called 4 times in the last year and have come to find that it is a one-man shop . They have no intention of calling you back -- they make no honest effort to answer the phones . They will put you through a system and say your call will be answered in the order in which it was received , giving you the impression they make a good-faith attempt to answer . After 3 minutes on hold -LRB- sometimes longer -RRB- they will put you to an answering machine -LRB- still making it appear professional -RRB- and say that `` all operators are busy '' and that if you leave your name , contact information , and product model , they will call you back `` within 24 hours '' . I have documented calling four times within a year and leaving a message . On the 5th time , I looked up the attorney general 's consumer advocate information for my state . I called the 5th time with ammunition , telling them I was recording the call and that if I did n't hear back I would contact my attorney general . Miraculously , I received a phone call exactly 24 hours later . The guy acted like he had no idea I called before and gave me minimal advice . -LRB- I had the product PROFESSIONALLY installed by the way and had spent HUNDREDS of dollars in labor fees before my mechanic gave up because of the poor instructions -RRB- . The guy who called me back pretended that they `` are very busy this time of year '' although I caught him in a lie and told him I called 4 other times over the last year , so the time of year had nothing to do with it . I find it funny that it was the same guy who called me who 's voice it is when you call the `` company '' . A one-man shop.Advice
 I thought I was saving money my buying this alarm , but boy was I wrong . * The wiring diagram on line that shows the Vehicle wiring is vague . * The remote uses only one button to lock and unlock so if you push the buttonmore than once when locking your vehicle , you can easily lock , and unlock thedoor , leaving the vehicle unlocked . * It has no horn connection , so you cant tell by listening to the beeps . * It does not come with a Security bypass module , but you can buy one from them ata price ranging from $ 24 to $ 79 * You will need to add extra relays -LRB- $ 7ea . -RRB- for the neutral safety switch , Domelight , Trunk release , and Parking lights . * It is suppose to have a 800 ft range , but it is more like 100ft range . * Bulldog offers a installation package , by when you call them , the 1st thing theywant is your credit card info for $ 150 -LRB- plus you still need to pay for thesecurity bypass and relays and they will not tell you what company , wherethe work will be done , and when.In summery , you are better off -LRB- money wise and headaches by going to an autoalarm place and know what you are buying , and how much .
 Used according to manufacturer 's recommendations . I keep exacting records of mpg . Have driven 2000 miles with not a whit of increased mpg product promised . Have requested refund of my purchase price .
 Only plus is that they look good.The fit is mediocre . There is no stretch areas so fitting them is a pain and there are still areas that are either too tight or too loose . Getting them on the back of my front seats required cutting out pieces of the factory seats.They are n't waterproof at all . They might as well be made of terrycloth , they absorb liquid that well.After 1 year , I have multiple tears , including the back seats which see VERY little use.Buy the Wet Okole
 I have only had this on now for about a month . It has increased preformance some , but the gas miliage is no better at all , maybe worse . And no , I do n't have my foot in the gas heavy , if anything I 'm a mild driver . If you are buying this for increased miliage , do n't waste your money .
 K&N 77-3062KP ; Polished Performance Intake KitThis installed easily and does give more power but it lowered my mileage from 13 to 10mpg and this is after the first tank when I touch the pedal lightly . So do n't install it thinking you will improve your mileage !
 item might of been ok . . if i had recieved what i ordered . . instead got a set of 4 wires all the same length . . when i have a v6
 i received the package on time , the product box appears to match the description of the item listing , however the contents do not match the description . i used the compatibility search correctly before i bought it and amazon says it should fit my mitsubishi eclipse 99 . IT DOES NOT.even though the seller is amazon.com itself , i received a Non-Turbo 10.2 mm Spark Plug Wires Blue by lokakech NOT ACCEL . you can buy it on ebay for $ 25 -LSB- ... -RSB- i would n't advise anyone to take a risk by buying this .
 I was expecting a fabric type of tape like gaffer 's tape . Instead I received a roll of tape like duck tape . It does not tear easily . Save some money and just buy the duck tape available everywhere else .
 This was a great product , love the fabric , no complaints about the product itself , BUT >> >> >> > It does not fit the back seat of a Ford Freestyle.Too short for the seat , it fits great on one side , but rides up on the other .
 I ordered these next day air thinking that they were JDM clear amber markers , they are actually Euro clear amber markers . Im not saying that Amazon is to blame here , but APC needs to be more clear on their box . The item description ; on the box , says corner lense and shows a JDM clear lense ... it does not show a Euro clear . Just to give a heads up to anyone who is considering ordering these . So if you are trying to go for that clean true JDM look , these are not it . Dont get me wrong this 1 star rating is not out towards Amazon by no means , Amazon gets 5 stars for all the other purchases I have made . Just out to the manufacturer of the product for not being more descriptive on the labeling of the product . So APC , you are a waist of my money and time !!! On the other hand Amazon , I will be shoping for a different set !
 Beware , deceptive add from Hires , only receive small single headeven though description says dual head and clip .
 Bought this expecting a pack of 6 as listed . . You get one . . The product itself seems good . . Only gave it 1 star so people would read this and realize the quantity
 Argh , we bought these expecting to get the multi-pack as pictured.Instead we were sent a loose roll from an open package !
 The description says infinitely adjustable between 7-3/4 '' drop to 6-1/4 rise . It is not . Description should read
 You 'll tear up your transmission with this hitch . Good 3/4 '' slack that will jerk you and vehicle while towing . Had to stop on first trip and buy a standard non-adjustable mount at local store as I could n't even take it for another hour . Concept good , execution failed .
 I bought this hitch because my truck -LRB- Toyota Tacoma -RRB- has a 6 inch lift and this hitch gave a pretty good drop . The idea behind this product is great , but the product is junk . This will do what you need it to do -LRB- pull a trailer at the proper height -RRB- , but there is a lot of play -LRB- wiggle -RRB- in the adjustment area of the hitch . If you are pulling a trailer that you do n't care much about and you also do n't care much about your tow vehicle than this is what you want . I anticipate that if I use this hitch very much that it will break because of the excessive play and cause me big problems . I 'm ordering a B&W ; Tow & Stow hitchB & W ; TS10049B Tow and Stow Magnum Receiver Hitch Ball Mountand throwing this master lock in the garbage .
 The main shaft does not appear ot be engineered large enough to fit into tow hit receiver on my 2003 Ford . The result , excessive movement and loud noise . Would return it if I had not been impatient and thrown the box away . Did not come with a pin either , so had to go purchase that seperately from , Home Depot -LRB- $ 4.95 -RRB- .
 This kit is CHEAPLY MADE . only ONE of the 5 wires had connectors that were crimped properly . 2 of them pulled right off with barely any force and we had to recrimp them . The contacts and rubber covers are cheap too.The only good part about it seems to be the wire itself , which Im sure , they dont make themselves.They do seem to work okay , but it is probably cheaper to go buy good wire , and make your own . Thats what it looks like these guys did .
 Hastings TF174 Transmission Filter KitDid not get what was shown on the picture of the product ? the spin on filter did not come with the kit?Hastings TF174 Transmission Filter Kit
 Rubber is ok , not as thick as others . I drive a Volvo V50 and they kinda fit ; but not really . For the price they should include the backseat too , not just the front . I do n't plan on returning them , but if I saw them first in the store , I probably would n't have bought them .
 Not very bright compared to others , such as Sylvania SilverStars . Slightly better than standard halogen bulbs , but not worth the extra money since you wo n't notice much difference .
 I ordered Silverstars for my Toyota Sienna and NightHawks for my Dad 's Sienna . The Nighthawks did not fit his car . The wiring harness has a `` male '' alignment tab that is supposed to slide into the `` female '' slot in the bulb -LRB- as in the stock and Sylvania bulbs -RRB- . However , these GE bulbs have the male tab instead of the slot , making it impossible to plug them in - the tab in the plug hits the tab in the bulb . Had to return them ...
 The difference in light is not worth it , and one burned out after a month .
 Never showed at my house . Went to BNSF , and they sent it back to UPS . The box finally came , but was opened , and verything scattered .
 Wo n't charge if the generator is n't very steady . Clicks off or charges at lower current ; in turn the generator sees varying load . Case has no solid mounting surface . Does n't like to pass through AC at higher current than it can invert . Draws too much with no load -LRB- wish it sensed when load is on -RRB- . Sounds intermittent when inverting although it works ok -LRB- cosmetic issue -RRB- . Battery voltage indicator does n't seem to match my voltmeter . Not meeting expectations -LRB- especially that it does n't like to charge -RRB- .
 OK . This is VERY important . This unit does NOT output a real sine-wave when on DC power . The output is a chopped up `` sine-wave '' which drops to zero volts many times over a single wavelength . This unit does NOT play nicely with most furnace or pellet stove blowers , certainly not my 1/6 HP blower on my Lennox furnace . NOWHERE IN THE ABOVE DESCRIPTION does it say that the output on DC power is a `` PWM sine wave output '' . However , if you go to the Tripp Lite website , find this product and go to the specifications tab , this is what you will find : LINE POWER -LRB- AC -RRB-
 I bought this in march 2012 . I found the front uprights were not made right . I took pictures and documented the problems that I found . I contacted Smittybiltand talked to a factory rep. He agreed with what I found and said that he would have his engineers resolve the problem as soon as they returned from Moab , UT . He did not call me back and when I contacted him 45 days later he said he would call me right back guess what I have not heard from him yet . As far as I am concerned this roof rack is a rattling piece of junk and I sure would like to get my money back.I would not buy any thing from smittybilt and I hate being lied to .
 Only plus is that they look good.The fit is mediocre . There is no stretch areas so fitting them is a pain and there are still areas that are either too tight or too loose . Getting them on the back of my front seats required cutting out pieces of the factory seats.They are n't waterproof at all . They might as well be made of terrycloth , they absorb liquid that well.After 1 year , I have multiple tears , including the back seats which see VERY little use.Buy the Wet Okole
 I had something similar on my last vehicle , and they fit and worked great . So when I got the Nissan , I said yep , I need those . Well the curve is not correct for a 2012 Murano and it was listed as fitting . I have pictures to show the curve is not correct .
 Very disappointed . This control arm does not fit a 2007 Nissan Maxima SE . Its supposed to be the right lower control arm but the attached ball joint is wrong . Amazon forced me to pay return shipping for something that was not my fault . Please look online for pics before you fall for this .
 This is better than some other 's I 've tried ... It has n't died yet.Placing the sensor probe in an appropriate area is tricky . My gauge shows outrageously high temps -LRB- even in the winter -RRB- until the vehicle is moving then it is pretty accurate . The probe has an adheasive back to allow you to stick it somewhere . I have n't done this because I 'm moving it around to see where it works best . I 've tried a few of these type of sensors and none seem to be as good as the factory installed types on the cars that are equiped with them -LRB- kind of a no brainer -RRB- . Bottom line ... better than nothing for me .
 The delivery of this product was lightening quick . Unfortunately it never has worked right . Exterior temperature is totally nutzo most of the time . Interior temperature reads fine , but thats not what I bought it for . I could not find shipping box and papers and it only cost me $ 20 so rather than try to return it we tossed it !! Chalk it up to another win for the makers of junk .
 Had this installed for about a year , never worked correctly because it kept flipping to C no matter how many times I 'd set the switch to F . About a month ago it started displaying `` LO '' for inside temp . GARBAGE ! JUNK ! I finally got fed up with this ... device ... and threw it into the garbage . Bought Radio Shack wireless 63-1088 a few days ago and am testing it in the home for possible car use . It is working so far , so if it continues to work properly , I will try it in the car in a week or so and report back . Main issue is the display is rather large for car use , but that can be overcome by mounting it under the GPS bracket .
 This product is complete junk.The indoor temperature is inconsistent and unreliable . The outdoor temperature does not work at all , and neither does the backlight . The only thing that seems to work at all is the clock.I 'm currently contacting the vendor to take this thing back . Hopefully they 'll cooperate . At least I have n't lost too much money if I 'm stuck with it .
 does not work very well mine is always bouncing from F to C to LO does not make much sinceplus the light is a joke . I would not recomend this to anyone .
 I have 4 bikes with highlifter lifts . The one they sent was not the one in this pic or my pic . The holes were piss-poor aligned and needed correcting and the bracing bracket at rear clearly did n't align . My other two foreman lifts were fine , as well as my rancher and my former two recon lifts , but this was sadly misappropriated . And it took forever to get.Highlifter is great , but this must be a ghetto knock-off made in a sweatshop .
 Got the item but for my surprise , the length is too short for a normal 318 is BMWshould be incorporated the length
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 Pictures of item always show 3 bushings but there is only one and it is a pain to install . Other kits include atleast 2 .
 these are heavy duty extra wide wiper refills . they will not fit in a standard car wiper blade . this information should have been part of the description . and now i have to return them .
 These covers were ordered and put on a new FJ Cruiser in mid-2007 . It is now May 2009 and they are really in bad shape . They , due to the heavy , shiny threads they are woven from , separate from the seams , shredding , I guess , would be the appropriate word . I have much cheaper , different type and brand on my Toyota Tacoma , for a longer period -LRB- at least another year longer -RRB- and they are still are holding up , with no splitting etc. . These Coverking 's are expensive , and were supposed to be heavy-duty , but ended up being a waste of a lot of money .
 I suppose I should have noticed that a 10 inch blade in a 22 inch package was a bit fishy . I did n't though , and I now have a useless -LRB- to me -RRB- 20 inch blade due to Amazon 's mis-titled listing .
 The display fooled me into thinking that all the suspension pieces would be given , only 42 pieces came , and if you check the display its over 50 pieces , also there is n't enough information to suggest less pieces , when i saw the package i was terribly disappointed , now i still have to buy seperately those pieces missing , bomber .
 I have attached rear trailing arm bushes and rear knuckle bushings , so I will report them.Front lower arm bushings are not attached yet , and I might report them later.Rear trailing arm bushings are NOT good.Their urethane parts are longer -LRB- thicker -RRB- than metal sleeve and prevent smooth movement , so I had to scrape off urethane parts . -LRB- see figure in ttp : / / minkara.carview.co.jp / userid/222963/car / 389933/2185806/note . aspx ; sorry Japanese only -RRB- And notice that rear sway bar bushings did not fit my 2004 WRX STI -LRB- Blobeye , JPN -RRB- . It seems to fit 2002 -LRB- Bugeye -RRB- . This kit is not so expensive , but it is not so good for me .
 these are heavy duty extra wide wiper refills . they will not fit in a standard car wiper blade . this information should have been part of the description .
 barnett clutch spring compressing tool works so so not all that impressed with came with 2 bolts witch did not work so had to modify it with different one hard time getting lock spring out beginning to wonder if it was made for a different bike than mine tool is made well have to see how much fun I have when I get ready to put clutches back in can hardly wait haha
 Do n't buy these plugs without first reading my story . I wo n't recommend these to anyone and this proves that old tech is still better . And be wary of iridium spark plugs - NGK-R are the way to go and they are cheap , reliable , and wo n't cause costly engine bills . I was luck to make it out with my engine in 1 piece.I 'm not exaggerating when I say that my engine sounded like it was going to blow up . I changed both my 13 year old spark plug wires -LRB- stock on my 98 honda civic -RRB- and old NGK-R spark plugs with these `` Premium Spark Plug Wires '' and Autolite Iridium plugs . First off , I gapped everything correctly , installed the plugs and wires to the right specifications and torque , and read all the positive and negative reviews of the items.I do n't know if it was the combination of the two or just the wires , but as I was driving during a 100 mile road trip , my engine at 70 mph starts to misfire . I told my friend that I knew why and barely slowed down with hazard lights across 6 lanes of the 57 freeway . I could n't even pull away at the stoplight in 1st gear , let alone 2nd gear into the gas station.There was an aweful smell coming from the engine and when I opened the hood , the spark plug wire on cylinder 1 had popped 5 inches above the engine block -LRB- valve cover -RRB- . It was still in the hole , but only by 1 inch or so . I pulled it out and that was the horrific smell . I tried to reinsert it and it had a hard time going back onto the plug and would n't seat properly.One note
 I returned this product simply because I assumed it contained the protection of the physical body as well but it was just the bottom part . It was sturdy but was n't what I assumed it was .
 I am very unhappy with this purchase . I paid the high price for the AC Delco drum , which is double the price of all the other brands , because I thought it was an exact replacement of the OEM part . It is not !!!! This part is exactly the same as you can get from Raybestos or Wagner for half the price . Get the Raybestos 2002R drum for half the price and the same quality.Raybestos 2002R Professional Grade Brake Drum
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 I thought I was buying a lanyard that had SECURITY printed on it . Imagine my dismay when it came in the mail and was plain black .
 I bought this 5000 # winch to put on my trailer . I have used it about five times and it quit . Ca n't find the manufacture to ask what the warr . is . So I guess I lost the money that I spent on it . I will buy a warn winch that way I know that if I have a problem I know where to get it fixed
 The plug wires dint fit my engine even though they were marked for the year , make and model of my car . -LRB- in fact , they were not even close -RRB- I dint have the time or the desire to hassel with sending them back so i just decieded to take the loss . -LRB- Oh well , live and learn -RRB-
 The mats where a bit faded like they 've `` been around for a while . '' But I guess the most disappointing thing is that the mats did NOT come with the holes that fit into the pegs on the floor of my ML500 . I probably need to call the company and complain but I 'm sure it 'll be some type of hassel to get it corrected .
 These may be very good shocks , but they do n't ship precompressed which makes them near impossible to install yourself . I am a strong guy and could not get the shocks to compress more than about an inch . Spring compressors are too big for this item . Be warned , the driveway mechanic may be stymied by these shocks .
 If you 're expecting anything similar to the quality you can buy at any sporting goods store , then do n't buy this . It is smaller and of much lower quality . You 're better off taking the purchase price in one dollar bills , gluing them together , and using that as a lanyard .
 It 's an interesting gadget . Nail clippers , scissors , little knife , nail file , tiny LED flashlight , all in a package that can clip to your keyring . What 's not to like?For starters , in order to `` clip to your keyring , '' you open the nail clippers and hook the blades over the keyring , then lock the handles together . There is no lanyard or split ring hole for attachment . To be fair , the locking mechanism seems fairly secure , but I really do n't like the fact that the clip procedure requires constant pressure on the blades.Secondly , as probably as a result of the constant pressure , the clipper itself is horrible . It does n't cut your nails so much as grab and tear . Forget about anything stouter than a baby 's fine fingernail.Thirdly , opening the scissors tool is done by grabbing an indentation with your fingernail and pulling . The hinge is so stiff that this will break the fingernail clean off . Maybe that 's why the clippers are so dull -- you wo n't really need them ! Just try to open the scissors instead!The best thing about this tool ? I did n't waste a huge amount of money on it.Made in China , and shows it . Not recommended .
 I threw this ` clipper ' away after one attempt at use on fingernails . it made through 8 digits and it died . waste of $ .
 awful ! just awful ! nail clipper is n't sharp enough to clip my nail . knife is n't sharp enough to even cut a string . LED light is n't bright enough even in pitch black room . I threw it out just 5 minutes after opening the package . not even worth returning it .
 Unlike any dollar store nail clipper , this clipper will simply not cut nails . There 's a fundamental design flaw as it does not have enough pressure to cut nails .
 The quality is very bad.Like one you can get from dollar tree .
 This was a huge waste of money . They cut my fingernails at all . The clippers are too weak . You can just tell by picking the set up that it 's cheap
 Everything I do not like about this has already been said
 It 's a piece of junk , do n't waste your money . I do n't know what I was expecting for seven bucks , I feel dumb for even trying it . The knife is tiny and wobbles around from side to side when open . The nail file is tiny with no real filing ability , and it also wobbles around just like the knife . The scissors are not joined together snugly so they are n't very good either . The LED light is about what I expected , about like using a cell phone for a flashlight . They work fine as fingernail clippers . This thing is very heavy . I would say that 80 percent of the actual weight is just the thick handle that everything is attached to . When I first got it out of the box , I thought it might be a decent tool just based on the weight of it , but the tools are junk once you actually open it up . It seems to be heavy for no good reason . It just has a lot of weight in the handle . I ca n't see carrying this around in my pocket when there are other far better multitools out there . This is nothing more than an overweight nail clipper with a dim LED and some useless other junk . Buy a Gerber or a Leatherman or just a regular victorinox swiss army knife .
 the nail clippers can not be opened since i received it two weeks ago . the design is terribly poor design . My god !
 Not recommendedFor starters , in order to `` clip to your keyring , '' you open the nail clippers and hook the blades over the keyring , then lock the handles together .
 Not sure why it says Swiss anything on the box . The company is owned by a business that resides in Ohio , USA and the knife has a stamp on it that says it was made in china . The knife , nail file , and scissors are all of incredibly poor quality . The whole thing just screams cheap junk . Do not make the same mistake I made . Do not purchase this product . You will be sadly disappointed . There is nothing `` Swiss '' about this . It 's a bait and switch . Do not buy .
 The finger nail clipper is not capable of cutting through a finger nail . The blade edges are not properly aligned . There are very cheap plastic elements with an overall cheap feel . Do not buy this product with any expectation of satisfaction .
 This item was junk it could n't even cut my nails the light was dim really disappointed in this was hoping for much better products from Swiss tech
 Too many things in one product and none of them work effectively . Please look out or something simpler and cheaper . .
 made from plastic stainless steel , not able to cut a piece of paper . do not mention your nail . Never trust this fake swiss brand . wasting money
 To beging with , the bosch spark plugs cables box P/N 09745 , was in very bad shape and damaged , also the ends of the cables that is connected to the coil , the cable ends did n't match the size of the `` pins '' of the coil , so I have to fixed the ends of the cables to fit , at the top of that , the size of the cables are short than the originals . I do not recomend whoever is selling this spark plug cables . Maybe the part number match , but not the cables .
 Instructions were horribly insufficient . Unknown how to shorten the length of this net to fit the height of a playset . In any case , the bolts were extremely long and there was nowhere for them to screw into the opening of our playset . Even with a different configuration of our opening , the bolts would stick out so far on the other side of any normal piece of wood that they would certainly have to be cut off to keep from poking or scratching the kids using the set . Our playset is basic and was professionally installed . But , this net kit will not fit into the opening area to allow the use of the cargo net . Had to return it .
 I will have to return this product . I was assured it would fit my 60/40 seats on my 1998 Ford Ranger pickup . When they arrived they did n't fit . They should get their products straight . Beware of these .
 For some strange reason , I never received the product even though I was given a tracking number and the post office did have it on record . Fortunately , Amazon was graceful enough to refund my cash and I have no complaints for the establishment . I will attempt to shop Amazon again .
 The package shipped very quickly.The mats fit well the Audi A4.I had to return them though for the following reasons : - the color was not as in the Amazon picture -LRB- they were dark gray instead of light gray - I chose `` Charcoal '' color -RRB- - there was no means to attach them to the holders on the car 's floor - in the picture there are some holes that are not present on the mats .
 This is a misrepresentation of the product . When I received the order only the deflectors for the rear windows were in the package . When I called to get the front ones shipped I discovered the email from Shopzeus said they were only shipping the rear ones . I also talked to a third-party operator who could n't even issue a return authorization . I hope Amazon can help get this corrected . I will contact their customer service directly .
 These ramps are nice if you need to conserve space as the ramp portion detaches . However when I drove my truck onto them the ramps bent nicely and they looked like a banana . My truck is a Chevy Silverado which weighs in total 7000 pounds . The ramp part doesnt seem to be handle 10,000 pounds or even 5000 pounds .
 I got this to match the front mats for my 1996 Land Cruiser . Says this will fit my truck . Does not , by a long shot . Shape is roughly correct but it 's several inches too wide , making it buckle badly at each side .
 Item had a few scratches and scuffs in the plastic out of the box , but I wanted it for a long road trip and did n't have time to return it before I left . It should have been easy to install except one of the screws I needed to loosen on my truck was completely rusted tight . It quickly became a real challenge to get it installed.After installation I did n't care for the look . Because of my hood design the bug shield only covers the middle portion of my hood giving my white truck the appearance of a narrow black mustache . That aside I took my 2600 mile trip . I noticed fewer bug splatters on my windshield but I still got rock chips on my hood , which is the main reason I bought this.I would not recommend buying a bug shield to anyone who is attempting to stop rock chips on their hood.UPDATE
 Bought both StrongArm 4951R & 4951L for my 95 Camry Wagon to replace the OEM lift supports that were worn out . Fit and installation were OK , but the mounting bracket welded to the end of both cylinders broke with minimal use -LRB- probably around 10-12 cycles -RRB- . -LRB- Yes , the brackets were installed correctly . -RRB- It appears that the cylinders were forced to rotate some as the liftgate closed , twisting and weakening the brackets , with them very quickly breaking completely off . I replaced the broken StrongArm supports with Monroe 901421 & 901422 which seem to be holding up OK .
 These were recommended by Amazon Garage for a 2006 Jeep Commander 4.7 Liter . I installed these and with in 1000 miles I started to receive check engine codes . I traced the problem to these plugs and found the electrodes worn back to the ceramic . They are not meant for this engine . I am still waiting on Amazon for a full refund . Damage to this engine can result . Use the Champion Plugs listed in the engine compartment .
 The Strong Arm liftgate support did not hold up the liftgate . I purchased it as a gift . I helped my friend install it and I was embarassed to see it slowly but resolutely fall right down first time and every time . A complete waste of money !
 This sounds like a great product . I had one in my car for a long time and the one time that I needed it it did not start the car . I recharged Charge-It and it still was completely dead . Do not depend on this product . It just gives you a false sense of security .
 It barely worked . Finding the sweet spot on any wire for this thing to work was difficult . Even testing it on coils that I knew were perfectly good , I could only get it to light up occasionally .
 It never worked . Could n't find a way to check bulb or take it apart for a bulb change . Very disappointing .
 I just bought this and was looking forward to using . It worked for only a couple minutes then quit . However , I was n't surprised because it was cheap to buy and cheaply made . Save your money and purchase a more expensive tester that works .
 I am giving these 1 star because I needed a front brake pad set , and these are for the rear brakes -LRB- which it did NOT SAY in the description -RRB- . The quality of them seemed good , and they appeared to be well-made , but I can not verify how well they worked because I did not install them on my car . Returning for a refund , and ended up just buying a brake pad set from Auto Zone .
 Do n't waste your money . Poorly made and punctured first set of batteries . Had to take it apart to clean and carefully bend back the sharp metal that punctured the batteries that almost caused a fire . With new batteries it was working fine until I had to stop it , because the container I was filling with the old oil was filled . King piece of crapper never worked after that . It would run , but unable to filter or pump any additional oil . Wish I could get my money back , because this dangerous piece of machinery should not be allowed in the USA .
 I bought this for my hot oil cooker thinking it would be a lot less messy then scooping the cold oil into a manual filter and then dumping the filtered oil back to the jug ... boy was i wrong.I got the pump and installed the batteries which is quite top heavy so I knew I would have to hold it up while pumping , but figured it should be quick so that should n't be a problem ... I decided to test it to make sure it worked so used a bowl of water and pumped that to another bowl ... worked great ... or so I thought ... sometime either while testing it or while it was stored it over heated ... It did n't run long enough to drain the battery , but when I did go to use it for the oil there was n't enough power ... II thought maybe the switch had been hit at some point and that the batteries were low ... however when I pulled it apart ... getting oil everywhere I found the inside at the end of one battery completely burnt ... I cleaned it up put in fresh batteries and yes it comes on but no there is not nearly enough power to suck up oil ... water yes oil no ... Not to mention the batteries were a B & & ch ; to get in and out ...
 this is the 3rd different pump I have purchased -LRB- from 3 different vendors -RRB- , and not 1 has worked well enough as far as I 'm concerned.shipping cost makes a return almost not worth the trouble to send it back . still looking for a solution to filter my cooking oil , wish me luck !
 When I got this pump I thought it was a good idea . I was wrong . It was not at all worth the price . The battery cover broke as soon as I got it . Not worth the money at all .
 does n't really work that great it is easier just to pour it out works great with water but oil is extremly slow .
 It 's kind of a pain to empty used cooking oil , so I was excited to try this . The following aspects make it dissapointing : * The motor is underpowered . It empties the oil slowly , and sometimes you have to turn it off and on several times before it `` catches '' and actually starts to move the oil . * The food sediment in the oil sticks to and clogs the filter . To get it off you have to stop the motor , let the food bits fall off , and then start it again -LRB- which might or might not happen the first try -RRB- . Maybe this happens with all oil filters , but no matter what it makes the experience with this one frustrating . * It requires three D sized batteries . You 're not supposed to leave batteries in things that you do n't use frequently , so depending on how often you fry you might end up putting in and taking out the batteries every time you use it.To be fair , even though it did n't live up to my expectations I still use this instead of just draining the oil through cheesecloth or something .
 Filter mesh is too fine to suck the oil through so it takes a lot of time cleaning the filter thus making it a lengthy ordeal . Easier just to get a funnel with a screen or a tukey pot with a built-in spigot . Do not waste your time messing with this product .
 This does pump and complete the task for which it 's designed . Problem is that it is a PITA to use , clean and stoor . With heavy batteries -LRB- D size -RRB- , it wo n't stand on it 's own and has no hook or hole for hanging it . After you pump the oil you have the choice between a tedious cleaning process or a dirty and contaminated hose for next time.I returned this and show more love to my funnel.In speaking with a King Kooker rep on another issue , the CSR also indicated that even though she received this for free , she does n't use it . That should tell you everything you need to know .
 This King Kooker pump is absolutely without worth . I got the first -LRB- notice the word `` first '' -RRB- one in , and it pumped about a cup of oil before refusing to pull oil any higher than about 1/3 up the tube . I called King Kooker -LRB- excellent customer service , by the way - they must get a lot of practice -RRB- , and they shipped a second unit to me . I put new batteries in it , and turned it on . Within seconds , the motor started smoking . I will not let them send me a replacement unit .
 This pump could NOT pump warm cooking oil out of the pan . I gave up and went to the hardware store and purchased a large funnel with a filter . In my opinion , it is a piece of junk .
 the pump is extremly slow and just dose not pump the oil out very good . I would not reccomend this to anyone .
 I am a 18 Wheel Truck Driver . I bought the inverter at a truck stop to mainly run my 700 watt Sunbeam Micro Wave . I was happy for the 1st few uses . Now I know that this is some junk that was not worth my hard earned money . The inverter will run my tv , lap top and recharge phones or my Kindle . Its great for little stuff , nothing more . I ca n't run my micro wave without unplugging my tv or laptop , even if they are turned off . I have to also turn off my a/c in the truck just to be able to run my micro wave and , and I have to turn off and on again the inverter 5-10 times before I can get the inverter to work right.And if the my truck is not in high idle 10,000 rpm 's , my food would never get cooked . When hooking up the wires , do n't use a fuse system because you will keep blowing them and wasting your money . I installed an inline circuit breaker and the circuit breaker works Great . I just wish the Sima 1500 Watt inverter would . The vibrations from the truck causes the red or hot wire to spin backwards and get loose . I am so disappointed with the Sima 100 watt power inverter that I am in the market looking for a better working power inverter . For these reasons I am giving this product a 2 star rating . I may have bought a bad one in the batch , but I will never buy another Sima again to find out .
 This is junk ! The install end of the bar is improperly shaped and wo n't stay in the tire while trying to mount a tire . Tried to hold it in and down and wound up mashing a couple of fingers . Had to spend an hour whith a die grinder reshaping the end to get it to work . The hold-down device was stiff and difficult to screw down on the rim because of sloppy thread cutting . The whole thing is an exercise in imperfect , sloppy , lackadaisical work that comes out of China . I should have asked where it was made before purchasing . Buy American !
 I would not recommend this item on any thing bigger than an atv tire . I tried to dismount my wife 's cobalt tire although it would do the job it suremade deep scratches . And the product is cast wrong .
 the passenger side lacks a keyhole so i never installed them because i dont have power locks and need the keyhole . would be great if my truck had power locks so i didnt need a pass side keyhole . blah !!
 Well I was using this for the first time yesterday extracting the plastic neck of a transmission filter from its rubber seat and it broke where the shaft meets the handle . Now it 's loose there and I do n't know whether it will break off . So , since I bought it back in July and ca n't return it , I 'll try epoxy glue before using it again . It might be okay just for pulling spark plug boots ; but , if you use it for anything else better not put sideways force on it .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 These pliers are n't to well , I thought they were something totally different . They are built good but the design is horrible . They are to small to use on most cars and trucks . Work ok on some 4 cylinders , but really do n't need to use pliers on the 4 cylinders these work on . Waste of box space and money , might do decent on lawn mowers or something but they suck for an automotive shop .
 It worked well ... While it worked . I used it twice , and it just quit . It wouldnt be too bad if I hadnt already moved the distributor and now need to drive an untimed pickup -LRB- but I really wouldnt know , would I ? -RRB- to buy a replacement . Borrow , rent or buy the next level up . The worst tool is the one you have to buy twice .
 The product does not work . It was connected as supposed but it never turns on . I also checked the manual for solutions in the trouble shooting section but nothing works . I ca n't actually return it because it will be more expensive to me than the cost of the product itself . I 'm in Venezuela . I wish you could refund or give me another solution as soon as posible . I will be expecting news from you , thanks in advance ...
 This timing light is junk , it worked for about 5 minutes , then the bulb burned out . Very cheap product . I know it was only 35.00 but would expect it to work longer than 5 min .
 This Actron CP7527 Inductive Timing Light is Such ... I use it for 2 times and it stoped working , I rate this Product one Star.Actron CP7527 Inductive Timing Light
 They say you get what you pay for ... I bought this inexpensive timing light because of the great reviews I read about the product . I guess I had a little different experience than you guys . I used it twice to set the timing on my old F100 pickup . I was having some distributor issues . When I went to check it a third time ... no light ! I checked the ground , the plug wire connection , etc and still nothing . Now I have to deal with the crap of trying to return it ... argh !
 bought from amazon.I hope amazon will stop letting this be sold on their site.what do n't I like.I dont like that this timeing lite has wires that are poisonyes poison.I noticed a small tag on the electric cord , many people would miss reading this little tag.It says that the electric cord contains lead , goes on to say , a chemical known to the state of california to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm wash hands after using.end of tag quote.Now its nothing for the communistchinese to send poison products over here.I resent that a american company knowing that this product contains lead still sells it.a tiny tag does absolve them.I also dislike the way the product was packed.It takes a very sharp knife and great care to get the product out of the plastic.a lot of products are packed this way.I expect a lot of people cut themselves trying to open it .
 The package states that it 's a xenon bulb , I do n't know how long the gas last in a tiny little bulb , but it started dimming and then just stopped flashing . It 's only good for one use in less than 2 minutes and not get the job done .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 The bumper rubber that came with it does not fit to the strut rod . Lots of modification needs to be made to use this product . I am unhappy .
 The original boot and the top spring isolator are all one piece . I was not replacing the spring isolator and returned these parts because they did not seem to be compatible with the original spring isolator .
 Because of the price , I purchased two of these ; the order showed that they were supposed to be NEW - however , when they arrived , one of the packages was `` taped-up '' with clear tape.When I installed the first one , power went to the unit however there was no suction from the washer resevoir tank - Synopsis
 The timing light did not appear to work correctly . The manual sucked . I called the manufacturer 3 times for support . They promised to send more detailed info and never did .
 I bought this to use on my 6 volt Ford Flathead car , I followed the instructions and used a 12 volt battery , it would not work the & digital readouts went crazy , so I used a modern coil wire in the distributor per instructions , still no good , I tried wrapping the timing light in aluminum foil , still no good . I tried it on my modern car and it worked fine , but I need one for my 6 volt car with points and copper core wires . I do not need one for my modern car , so I returned it to Amazon with no problems and got a full refund very fast . it is a nice timing light at a very good price but just not for my 6 volt cars .
 I sent this to my brother in Australia as a gift . The box was in good condition and the physical look was great but does not work , maybe there was something wrong with it internally . It would be a hassel to return it because it is currently in Australia .
 I did a search for 4mm Ford headlight adjuster and I had about 6 hits . This tool was cheapest so I bought it thinking the $ 3 was worth the risk that it was something I would only get one use out of . Unfortunately with the shipping costs it was placed in the `` I may regret this purchase territory . '' The item had no picture but the description suggested it was the same as the other 5 -RRB- 4mm adjuster tools listed . I should have copy pasted the part number into Google for an image search . This tool will NOT work between the core support and the headlight housing . I am not sure why anyone would want to remove the headlights for adjusting them for aiming . Using this tool would suggest ballpark and remove , ballpark and remove until you have it aligned properly . Technically you could adjust a headlight , just not mounted in the car . In my case it was a waste of cash . Hopefully this review will make you aware of the intended use of this tool . Maybe there is some Ford out there where this tool will be able access the lamps . To me this `` For aerodynamic style headlight adjuster bolts on late model Ford , Lincoln and Mercury vehicles '' suggests Crown Vics . Honestly I wasted $ 13 because of a poorly crafted ad with no picture . I 'm giving this tool one of these 2 stars based on my careless shopping research .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I ordered these shocks for my 2002 Suburban and I have to say that I am completely disappointed . I was n't expecting a miracle , but the `` load adjusting '' abilities of these were completely non-existant . I used these to replace the factory -LRB- 175k mile -RRB- shocks on the rear of the truck . When I removed the original shocks from the truck I noticed that they were , A -RRB- in amazing condition and were still working great and , B -RRB- they were significantly larger than the Monroe shocks . The body of the original shocks was easily 1/2 '' larger in diameter than the entire outer spring of the new Monroe shocks -LRB- which left me worried -RRB- . I have several trailers I tow on a fairly regular basis ranging from a small pop-up camp trailer to a 16 ' flatbed to a 24 ' pontoon boat to a 28 ' toy hauler . The new Monroe shocks made no difference in the ride height for any of these trailers compared to the factory shocks . In-fact , I use a anti-sway hitch for the toy hauler which weighs easily 100lbs by itself , and just putting the hitch on the back of my suburban will sag it 1 '' with these shocks . No change from stock.Now again , I was n't expecting a miracle , but even 30 % -40 % reduction in sag from the tung weight of a trailer would of been nice . I have noticed that most other reviews for these shocks fail to mention using them with a trailer , or what types of trailers they were used with . As daily driver shocks , they seem to preform exactly like the stock shocks , which is about the best thing I can say for them . No extra stiffness or harsh ride . Just a totally stock feel .
 About the only good thing I can say about this product vs. the vast Taiwanese and Chinese competition , is the use of a large threaded post and hand-tightened nut for installation -- all similar products should be as easy to install as this Ghost Concepts version.However ... the wiring used is a threadbare , chintzy gauge . This bothered me the most . I know copper went up in price ... but damn . Makes the stock wiring on my SV-S upper look like DC transformer conductor in comparison . Do n't cut through the copper trying to get the insulation off ... use a dedicated wire stripper , as dykes can cut right through the copper before you feel it.The bullet connectors used on this product do not fit the application . I had to install my own OEM-sized bullets from an aftermarket kit to fix this -LRB- as I was splicing this into a harness with a set of LEDs already installed , this had to happen anyway , to be fair . But it did n't make it any easier to get going ; just relieved I had to swap the connectors out anyway -RRB- . Quality overall is not impressive , adequate . No idea how it 'll deal with rain , and its rather thin , fragile-feeling construction does n't give me much confidence on that.LED brightness is not impressive at all . It will be fine for my application , which is to supplement visibility from the side at night for my other LEDs . But compared to products from a reputable firm like Custom LED , the LED performance is typical of Chinese products -- fair to poor , esp in direct sunlight or dusty/rainy/foggy conditions that limit visibility . It is also very directional -- unless you are directly above the LEDs , their light is dim , plus the reflector/lens distorts what light does emit at an angle . : -LRB- Being that many of its competitors can perform as well for much less than the cost of this kit ... I ca n't recommend it , even with its trick hand-threadable mount . It 's only other advantage is being recessed in the hole on an FI-generation SV650S fairing , rather than in the airstream , giving a cleaner look . I 'll live with it , as I 'm a tech and can modify the wiring and connectors and adapt . Less-handy owners ... may want to look elsewhere . : /
 I bought two of the boot kits to replace the rubber one that lasted for almost 20 years . It comes with the bumper that is supposed to absorb the shock when the ability of the strut is exceeded when you hit a really big bump . The problem is that the bumper is just a place holder . It looks like the real thing , however it is hollow hard plastic . The second boot was obviously returned by a unsatisfied customer . It was dirty and 2 parts were missing . The item was sold directly by Amazon . My choices were to replace the item or get a refund . In other words , tie my car up for 3 more days on jack stands or walk to the nearest auto parts store that carries the item . Some choice . I just wish Amazon would insure that return items were checked out first to make sure that they contain all of the pieces before selling them to someone else .
 These caliper covers did not fit my Honda VTX 1800c . I had looked at the fitment chart before I placed order and I said it would fit my bike.There was a fast delivery but when I looked at them and my bike calipers they didnt match up.Good news was there was no charge for returning , bad news is I still need caliper covers .
 It lasted a few months and then the wire frayed and smished into the plastic roller . Window froze in down position.Total waste of money.Maybe you 'll have better luck . Maybe there was some slight misalignment in how I installed it.But be forewarned . It 's a huge saving over buying original Toyota equipment , but it 's also a crap shoot .
 The first time I looked they said they fit my ZX3 . When I got them I quickly realized they did n't ! They have a through bolt on both ends ... NOT for a ZX3 . Maybe another model ... Rather than pay a return fee , restocking fee , and postage -LRB- a grand total of waaaay more than I paid for the shocks -RRB- I just absorbed the shipping and sold them to a guy who could use them .
 I ordered 4 - 2001corvette o2 sensor 's and one or more has failed . The plug in read out I used does not show which one is bad , just that I have a bad o2 sensor . Less then 25 miles . Cleared the DIC and eng lite come back on . Will now have to spend $ $ $ $ to find out which ones ... There goes any savings ...
