 Though Amazon 's online catalog shows this backup light switch as applicable to the 1995-1999 Mitsubishi Eclipse with the 420A 2.0 l DOHC engine and F5MC1 transaxle -LRB- built by New Venture Gear as the A578 , and installed in Chrysler Neons beginning in 1994 -RRB- , this transaxle-mounted switch is actually for the turbo 2.0 l engine , or the 2.4 l SOHC engine.Update
 The rear window deflector does not allow the rear windows to close without binding . I 'm very dissapointed in the quality and functionality of the product . Feels cheap and does n't work well .
 This did not fit as advertised and had to return it . The product was for the wrong application . Got the correct part locally .
 Decided to try and cheap out and get these for a 2002 passat gls wagon with a blown out CV boot . EMPI has now moved the production of these axles to China and I am a bit skeptical about the quality . They are also a SOLID axle opposed to the hollow OEM ones . I have head stories of people with new ones that are not balanced and vibrations get worse after installation . For me , I would call these a hit or miss item . You may get one that works fine , you may have to go through 5 just to get one that is ok . Also noted , the boot material felt stiffer and cheaper than the OEM one .
 The hose did not fit my Honda Accord as stated in the Description . I ended up with a 2.50 or so refund for it minus all the shipping charges . I do not think this was fair considering they said it would fit a 1991 Honda Accord LX .
 well this was supposed to be for my truck and when it came in it looked nothing like the picture and it came no where close to fitting my truck dash ! it was to short and completely different than what they said i was getting ... compared to the picture ... i paid about 35 dollars for a piece of crap that doesnt work ... thanks alot !
 This regulator came with a AC Delco 1995 copyright date sticker , had the 19120846 part number . This is interesting since the part number is for 2000 and later vehicles according to GM.Also , the motor on new unit says `` China '' and the motor is upside down on the forward end of the regulator . Also , there is no part number on the regulator frame , the original GM regulator has a part number on one side of the frame . Unit does not fit 2000 Yukon front drivers door due to motor being mounted upside down as compared with the original . It appears as this is a Chinese made part sold as a OEM AC Delco.Not sure what I received ...
 Goodyear Gemini put these Bosch Plat + 4 plugs in my MPV and only lasted 24,000 miles . They were all fouled . Car would n't start and was towed to shop . Shop indicated these Bosch Plat + 4 plugs do n't work with MPV . Replaced with NGK 3186 .
 First of all product is not even what is shown in photo . There is an extra flap that hangs over the passenger side air bag . Top cut out for dash tray is the wrong shape and size . This dashmat was a waste of time . I will not be ordering another dash mat from amazon . Looks like I have to go to ford to get the right dash cover for my F150 .
 I 'm not sure what this product was made for but it is absolutely useless for tire mounting . It 's basically soapy water . It evaporates in a matter of seconds after smearing it on the tire . Try another product for mounting .
 I agree with th 1st review . Not worth the bottle it comes in . Go to the dollar store and get a bottle of dish soap .
 Charged restocking fee for wrong Amazon `` does it fit '' . That pretty much says it all . I followed the advice of amazon and ordered the part Amazon said was the right part . I ended up paying to ship the part back , and was charged a restocking fee . I ended up with about half of my 40.00 bucks after it was all said and done . I had a chance to reorder the right part and I went elsewhere.I will still do business with Amazon . I already have since this happened . Just be careful and make sure you are ordering the right part . Amazon is a great place to shop and I will always do business with them.Car parts are tricky .
 well you get what you pay for , these lights belong in some import store , the paint was already gone from the center of the back of the light i guess what ever company in taiwan builds these -- things dosent even wait for the paint to dry to package them.i started to bead blast them and repaint them but i think ill just wait and see how long they take to rust , besides i think it would be a waist of paint.save your money or go to the big crate store they cary better quality than this.this is the last thing i buy that says procomp on it . .
 I bought this product to remove some light scratches caused by a towel . I followed the directions and applied this product twice to a small area of my front hoood . There was absolutely no improvement . I have to wonder if these great reviews were added by someone who works for a company that would benefit from a good review . Do n't waste your money on this product !
 It makes a nice shine , but it does n't take out any scratches except the most superficial ones .
 Used this product on blue clear-coat finish -LRB- Saturn L100 -RRB- and saw only a slight difference in the faintest scratches . Deep scratches and scrapes -LRB- as noted on the label -RRB- showed no improvement . A basic wax produces the same result . Do n't spend the money .
 I was looking for a surface scratch remover for my charcoal gray 2006 Passat . I read the reviews for this product and purchased a 6.5 oz . tub , and the recommended auto polish/wax . This product is like make up because it merely covers up and washes right off just like foundation . You girls know what I 'm talking about . If you get it wet it melts away . I have been using the product since I ordered it June 2012 . I applied the product to the 7 surface scratches on my car as directed . -LRB- 1 -RRB- I washed and dried the car -LRB- 2 -RRB- I applied a generous amount of the product with a clean auto safe cloth -LRB- 3 -RRB- I let the product dry to a white haze -LRB- 4 -RRB- I wiped the product off with a soft auto safe cloth -LRB- 5 -RRB- I applyed Nu Finish Car Polish/wax as recommended.I was so shocked that it actually worked , and the surface scratches had disappeared . BRAVO for Nu Finish!But wait , is that rain I see ? After months of rainy afternoons in the Orlando area , the scratches returned . Typically it rains every afternoon between 3:00 p.m.-4 :00 p.m. in the Orlando area , but do n't tell the tourist.I repeated the process over several months , and again the surface scratches disappeared . Hurricane Isaac has been dumping rain on Orlando for the last 3 days , and again my surface scratches returned.Basically folks this is a temporary solution that you will have to apply again and again if you wash your care , or if you live in rain central -- aka Orlando.I give this product a 5/5 for packaging , 5/5 for ease of use , 5/5 price , & 0/5 for `` scratch removal '' This is an excellent solution to those annoying auto scratches and door nicks you get in the parking lot.However , with ` truth in labeling ' this product does not perform as advertised -- remove , remover , removes . It states on the bottle 6 times that it actually removes scratches -- this it does not.It 's a great foundation cosmetic for your car , covers cosmetic flaws temporarily , and it is very affordable . Therefore , I recommend it for this purpose , and not for removal.Pros : Easy to applyLessens the appearance of scratchesDoes not damage paintAffordableCons : Time consumingDoes not remove scratchesRequires shaded areaLends itself to the purchase of add ' l products -LRB- auto cloths & polish/wax -RRB-
 Thanks to a couple daughters , two bicycles , two cars and a tight garage , I had the perfect test bed . I thought I would try Nu Finish Scratch Doctor to see if it would remove any of the scratches on either car . From the lightest , almost invisible scratch to the bigger ones that had taken a bit of the paint off , none of them were removed or even affected by this product . The car was thoroughly cleaned and I spent much of an afternoon reading and re-reading the instructions then trying to refine my technique , all with no effect whatsoever . However , the product did work fairly effectively as a bug remover , which is how I will use it in future . To imply that this product will remove a scratch of any kind just seems false advertizing .
 Nu finish Scratch Doctor does nothing to fix scratches ; tried it on some minor surface scratches on my car and I might as well used normal wax on it ; it shines but the scratches are now more noticeable , not gone as this product promises ! This product is nothing more than hipe ! Interestingly , they offer a money back guarantee on their wax products but not on this Scratch Doctor ... now I know why . Save your money .
 I have used this item on my car and follow all instructions but it does not work at all . not on even light scratches . I 'm very dissappointed . What a waste of my money .
 This is just like any other product that claims they can remove scratches ... you wax on , wax off but the scratch never really goes away . I tried over and over again with poor results . On top of that , the package leaked during shipping , so I received a big mess .
 This product does not work the scratches are still there . I would like my money back if I could . It 's more like a wax with no shine . It does n't even give a shine . Wow !!!!!! What a joke . I put on a nice amount on it then wait then I wipe off and nothing . If I am doing it wrong please let me know other then that its no good .
 Someone keyed my car so I have been trying to find something that would fix it . Nu finish did n't work !
 I bought this product because over winter i was chipping ice off of my car and got a few real light scratches on my car . Did n't even remove paint it was just on the very top so I thought well i do n't want to spend much money I would buy this product.Well it does n't work ! I followed directions and it looked like it worked at first but then it did n't work . I tried it several times but still no results . My scratches are still on my car and i 'm returning scratch doctor . One nice thing the only reason I give it one star is because it has a money back guarantee so I get my $ 10 back !!!!
 This is as effective as Turtle Wax Polishing Compound which costs about 3 dollars for about 2-3 times the amount of Nu Finish Scratch Doc . Either way , I 'll assume that by surface scratch they actually mean ultralight superficial scuff marks . This is essentially soft-scrub for scuffs on car/boat/truck / etc paint.Don ' t waste your money on this product
 I bought Scratch Doctor instead of Scratch Off , a product I had tested and liked before , because there was all sorts of hype on the front label
 Bought this item last year to remove small scratches . Did not work at all ! Tried several times ! Do not understand how this product can get any good reviews!I 'm have waited all this time to try another product and will report my findings .
 I bought it thinking `` scratch doctor '' that should work ! This product does not even come close to the old product I bought from TV commercial ! It DOES NOTHING to those surface scratches on my car . I think this product should be placed in the car polisher catagory , not `` scratch remover '' . A money scam by its label .
 I used to use GS27 which did a good job getting out scratches . I picked up Nu Finish Scratch Dr. due to positive reviews . I was amazed at how little it did . It 's like they just put their wax in a different bottle . I have an 8 r old car with all kinds of scrathes and marks . The marks I was sure the GS27 -LRB- which I 'm not sure they make anymore -RRB- would have fixed , the nu finish did nothing . Might as well wipe hand lotion on the scratch . A waste of $ 10 . I gave it 2 stars becasue it did polish out extremely faint scratches . I noticed the areas where I had worked the product had the super fine scratches that look like haze on the clear coat cleared up . But that is the only thing it is good for . If it 's a scratch you can feel , then I doubt this will do anything for it .
 I wanted a lasting solution sadly , this is not the one . I 've followed exactly what the procedure says but after 1-2 weeks the solution wears out and the scratches shows up .
 I ordered , received and tried this product.It did not work at all.The little scratches are still there .
 This junk should really get zero stars from me ! I looked at it online , read the reviews and figured it would be the product to remove some light scratches from my dark blue colored car . I washed the car and applied the Scratch Doctor as directed . Nothing changed . Nothing . I rubbed harder . Nothing . I added more of the goop and rubbed again . Absolutely nothing happened but my arm getting a great work out and me breaking out into a sweat . I paid $ 10 bucks for a tube of crap . Do n't bother with this stuff . If you have scratches , go to the body shop and get them to fix them . Plain and simple .
 I used the directions it said on the tube and now instead of little scratches that you notice up close they are bright white scratches that are obvious much farther away . Thank you so much Nu Finish for making my car look like crap !
 This product did nothing , it did n't remove and cover one surface scratch . I had small marks on the hood of my Corvette and it was a waste of money .
 It hurts me to type this because I 'm a big fan of other Reed-Union products like Nu Finish , Nu Vinyl , Cling , etc. . Unfortunately , Scratch Doctor is only moderately good for scratches . It will completely remove extremely light scratches - the kind you have to get down close to see . Anything beyond that it might be able to improve to some degree , but it is still easily visible . I 've found that it is about 90 % effective for paint transfer from one car to another . You have to work at it , but it will do a pretty good job . Like Nu Finish Polish , it is also good for paint oxidation and haze , but that 's what Nu Finish is for . Sorry Reed-Union , but this one is a dud .
 And I tried several times . Yes , I follwed the directions exactly . It did n't remove a single scratch , no matter how faint . It did NOTHING . I might as well have put Oil of Olay on the car scratches .
 After applying multiple layers of Nu Finish Scratch Doctor to several fine scratches on my Lexus IS 300 , the results had no effect whatsoever . This product does not work as claimed by the manufacturer , not even for the finest hairline surface scratches . I had great expectations in this product because I have used their regular Nu Finish in lieu of regular car wax on my cars for over a decade with great success , because it lasts so much longer than regular car wax .
 Simple review , it does not work , even with a buffer.I suggest you try a lite rubbing compound it 's cheaper and more effective.If this does n't work it is past the clear coat and needs a pro to remove it .
 I have purchased this product after seeing it advertised on TV and this stuff does not work - garbage - a waste of money & time .
 I did n't expect too much from this product . I did n't think it would remove deep cuts . but to my amazement . I found the product to be completely useless . It could n't even remove some of the whitish , very shallow scratches . I do n't know who rated it 5 stars , Maybe those are from the manufacturers themselves . But I can tell you for sure it DOES N'T WORK ! Do n't waste your money .
 I tried this product quite a few times on swirl marks on my suv and followed the directions to the T . It did not work at all ! There was not even a tad bit that worked . It definetly made my vehicle shiny if you are looking for a wax . This does not cover any type of scratch or swirl mark . Do not waste your money or time . Find something else !!!
 Nu Finish did n't work very well -- definitely not like their commercials , will not use this product again . Buyer beware , you 're better off with another brand .
 I bought this product based on the several reviews of it on this Web site . Well , perhaps I missed something somewhere ... but I followed the instructions on the tube precisely . I even applied it three times to a very minor , superficial scratch on my brand-new , metallic-silver , Nissan 370Z touring coupe . I had missed the scratch when I bought the car less than a month ago ; so , obviously , it was n't very visible to start with . But `` Scratch Doctor '' did not do a thing ... nothing , zero , null , rien , nada ... to improve it , not even marginally . I do NOT recommend this product ... . a total waste of my money ! I 'll try something else next !
 Do n't waste your time with this product . I am experienced with mechanical and body work , and I followed the instructions exactly . There as no improvement at all to a very light clear coat scratch .
 Once again I got sucked-in by product hype -LRB- I should know better by now -RRB- . This stuff did n't remove the swirl marks , was very labor-intensive and the end result was no better than when I started , except now any paint chips are a nice , bright white that stands out nicely against the dark blue . Save your money .
 I bought this product at a local store and used it on my black Camry . Here is my experience : The polish was difficult to apply . It gobbed together and it took a lot of work to spread around . Keep in mind , I 'm like most people and did it by hand with a foam pad.After wiping with a terry cloth and finishing with a microfiber , I looked at the unsatisfactory results . Other waxes I used in the past did not fill in the chips and scratches with white residue , but this ... wow , everything turned white . No problem , I thought , it should come out after several washes and some TLC over time.No . Many washes later , white residue is still coming off the tiny nooks , chips , and scratches and they are still as visible as ever , especially on the front bumper . I finally bought a black paint touch-up marker to go over the nicks all around the car , and I realized that Nu Finish was indeed good if someone is looking to identify all the imperfections in the paint of a black car . Otherwise , I 'm not happy.I 'm giving a token two stars because my experience was with the overall appearance of my car after using the product , instead of evaluating the quality and performance of the polish itself . If you have a brand-new or white car , this is probably the product for you .
 Very hard to buff out , leaves a splotchy look but it will fill any small nick in the paint leaving an extremely bright white spot . I did one front quarter panel and the hood -LRB- f-150 -RRB- then I stopped the results wear just horrible . This is one of the worst auto products I 've bought . .
 I have been waxing my vehicles for 42 years and have tried nearly all waxes known to man and am always looking for something better . I had never tried Nu Finish Paste Polish but the latest Consumer 's Reports magazine rated it very high . I have a year old white pickup that is in showroom condition and I applied the polish to the hood . I noticed a liquid that beaded like tiny droplets of water was separating from the paste as I spread it on the hood . I did n't think anything of it . I let the paste haze as usual and then wiped it off . My hood now looks terrible . Where the tiny droplets were , there is no paste coverage so the finish looks spotted . I put another coat on with a dry applicator thinking maybe I had it too damp the first time . Big mistake , now it looks even worse with big swirl marks when you look at it at an angle . Now to try to get it off . Save your money and aggravation , in my opinion , this product is garbage .
 I used this product on a black Ford pick-up . It turned a milky color and it took hours to get it off . It might look better on a light colored vehicle , but I would n't take the chance .
 I thought that this would be great , but it was a huge headache and more . I do n't really write reviews , but had to make sure that people do n't make the same huge mistake as I did with this crap . It 's not mean for cars , and do n't let it touch anything else or it will ruin it . I wish I never saw this stuff and let it ruin my car .
 First of all product is not even what is shown in photo . There is an extra flap that hangs over the passenger side air bag . Top cut out for dash tray is the wrong shape and size . This dashmat was a waste of time . I will not be ordering another dash mat from amazon . Looks like I have to go to ford to get the right dash cover for my F150 .
 It matches my car but the problem was , it wo n't stick to my car . I followed the instructions as indicated but it just wo n't stick . Overall it served the purposed on to my car .
 My OEM part number was listed in the description of this item . Item was not a replacement . Screw holes did not line up . OEM resistor cover did not fit over part .
 I ordered this Dallas Cowboy 's tire cover because I wanted one with just the Dallas Cowboy 's star and this wasexactly what I was looking for ... BUT ... When it came in the mail , the tire cover had the blue star but also thewording `` Dallas Cowboys '' . I did n't want the wording ... Just the blue star ... So I contacted them and they insistedthey sent me the right one until I copied and pasted the Amazon web page still listing the tire cover with justthe blue star , then they admitted they ran out of those and had to substitute with a tire cover that had thewording on it ... They offered to refund my money if I sent it back to them , but since I already had it in hand , and I am a Cowboy fan , I put it in my SUV which is what they were counting on me doing I guess ... I can understand when they run out of a item but I think I should have been contacted before they replaced it with something else to see if I would accept it ... Or not.Joe
 This product shows a different picture than the hula girl that received in the mail . It was very disappointing knowing that the picture is that off from the product they were selling and I read other reviews saying the same thing .
 I bought this fuel pump for a 1997 Buick Riviera . I check out the spec 's and what cars it was made for.It listed my Riv . OEM replacement . WAS NOT ... nothing was made to fit in my 1997 Riv . Even the ring that fits over the pump after you install the pump to seal it into your gas tank did n't fit pump.Sent it back to Amazon , Amazon was GREAT !!! No problems with my return what so ever !!!! Even paid for shipping back!So ... if you have a Buick Riviera ... do n't buy this pump .
 It was too small for the tacoma . Direct me to a longer one.As a result splash of mud is still coming back on the back section . How can this be corrected .
 Very flimsy plastic , with silver letters instead of the white on the original , and were not close to the form or factor of the original mud flaps . Buyer beware . Toyota charges about $ 100 for a replacement so I thought I 'd give these a try . Save your money .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 The previous washer pump was trashed , so I bought this inexpensive replacement . Unfortunately , it only worked for about two days . Now the water spurts out in sad little fits . I pulled all of the connecting hoses and made sure they were clear of obstruction .
 well this was supposed to be for my truck and when it came in it looked nothing like the picture and it came no where close to fitting my truck dash ! it was to short and completely different than what they said i was getting ... compared to the picture ... i paid about 35 dollars for a piece of crap that doesnt work ... thanks alot !
 I bought this in 2009 for my '97 318is . Just like the other review says , it just does n't fit . Now I cringe when I hear the Fram ads on Pandora . I do n't buy Fram anything any more . II know it does n't pay to be a cheapskate ... . but I seem to always fall for these cheap prices .
 Fram CA8007 was verified by the online system to fit BMW 318ti -LRB- E36 -RRB- but the filter is too large in one dimension by about 1/4 '' .
 Everyone loves changing their oil & filter right?Nope - It 's something that has to be done & we do it.However , Purolator filters are are not very good at filtering your oil.I have run Wix filters for years with no problems or complaints.I run Full Synthetic Motor oil and chance oil & filter every 2800 - 3000 miles.My engine oil had always come out clean , almost like new looking until my Wix dealer had to Special order me a case of Wix filters , thus I purchased these Purolator filters.After running 600 miles I checked my oil level and found my oil to be filthy.I changed the oil and filter using a new Wix filter , after 2862 miles my oil was like brand new.I 'll pay the extra $ for quality !
 I give up trying to order this part . None fit right . It needs to fit in a slot , and have the correct nozzle size for the tank unit . What a joke this is . Ca n't find part in parts store either . I will have to see if can get from GM directly and pay a small fortune . This or replace the whole tank unit . . They should n't sell things that do n't fit . I can easily handle the electric part and the hose . But can not remold the plastic to fit a slot , nor want to chalk the opening . I 'm not a plumber .
 dont waste your money , just go to junk yard and get a real one out of a car for this washer pump . this annco was really cheap junk
 I have a black car and this product is much harder to remove than the other quick wax products I have tried . It would be just as easy to use regular wax . I would never reorder this .
 i bought one off the tool truck for 8 or 9 bucks and it didnt last but maybe a couple months.Spend the extra money and buy the otc hei spark tester.i think its only 20 or 30 bucks .
 The item I was sent is completely different from the picture . I 've chosen to keep the product in case it comes of use , but I am VERY unhappy with your services . I expect to get what I see and at this time I was greatly deceived !
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 Having used IR air tools for many years and having gotten very good service out of them , when it was time to replace my old IR 3/8 drive impact I of course bought another IR . Sorry to say that I should have looked at the CP 's . My 25 year old IR 3/8 gun has almost as much power as this one and the quality of the tool is just not there like it once was . Also was very disappointed but not surprised to see that it is made in China . Would have gladly paid more for the old time IR quality and power . Think I 'll see if I can find a rebuild kit for my old IR . By the way I repair heavy equipment and trucks so I use all of my air tools a lot every day every day , everything from 1/4 '' drive air ratchet to my 1 ' drive impact all older IR 's .
 I bought this impact just about a year ago and it just died on me . Automotive repair is my profession and I use this impact about half as much as my 1/2 inch impact . With that I was expecting a lot longer service out of it .
 I bought this mirror , but it wo n't stay on . As soon as the boat starts bouncing , the set screw backs out and the mirror falls off . If you are able to drill a hole in order to mount it permanently , this would be a nice mirror .
 The wiper blade does not fit the vehicle application that the site recommends for the wiper blade -LRB- Infinity QX56-rear window -RRB- . Perhaps I can use it as a shower squeegee .
 I ordered the Anco Aerovantage 12 inch wiper blade and I received it the next day . I was impressed with how quickly they processed and shipped the item . There was a problem though . The item came in a large yellow envelope . When I took the item out of the envelope , the package of the item itself was torn open . I examined it and the blade itself was dirty , filled with black dirt . I called Amazon customer service and they will be sending a replacement to me while I will be returning this item back.I ca n't comment if this item is good or not until they send me the replacement .
 Got this for my Toyota Highlander 's back window wiper . It did n't fit and would n't go on the wiper arm . When I realized it would n't go on , I tried to slide the rubber blade itself off so I could use it as a replacement on the existing wiper . The rubber blade would n't come off . Trashed it !
 not for the car i searched would not fit was the wrong size for the car it says it was
 Even though I verified this would fit my 2006 Hyundai Tuscon , it did not work . I tried installing it myself and then I took it to the service department . I found out my rear window wiper is considered after market and is not available without ordering it from Hyundai directly . Hence , the two stars . Be careful with Amazon 's template . It 's not accurate.The product looks sturdy and even so - like the previous review , electric tape is necessary to keep it on . I ended up ordering my wiper from Hyundai for $ 1 more .
 The fit guide stated that this would fit my Scion XB rear wiper , when in fact it does not . Wo n't bother to return however .
 Purchased this spark tested to troubleshoot rough idling problems with my 4-cylinder car . It did not work too well for me as my spark plug was fairly deep in the spark plug well . I had a hard time plugging the end into the spark plug , having to carefully fish it down to seat/mate it properly with the spark plug.Also when removing the tester from the spark plug , I had to pull on the wire as I could not access the boot from down in the tube . I do n't know how this will affect the longevity of the connections but I assume pulling on the wire wo n't make it last too long.If you have a short spark plug tube , this will work well for you .
 I bought this to remove a really stuck plug boot . The plastic handle grips keep pulling off the tool . Save your money and buy something of better quality . This is junk .
 KIT DID NOT WORK ON REAR WHEELS I SPECIFIED MY CAR 'S MAKE MODEL AND DESCRIPTION AND STILL GOT THE WRONG KIT , WILL THINK TWICE BEFORE ORDERING FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN .
 I ordered this idem for my 2001 gt eclipse the box had several vehicles listed but not mine . My very competent mechanic told me this could not be fitted to my vehicle . So , this has not been a positive experience for me .
 Do n't be fooled . These are not street legal and are for show/off road purposes only . It 's a waste of money because they wo n't let you return them .
 This was stated to fit my 2011 Chevrolet Equinox ltz . It does not . I am very disappointed with this purchase .
 Clean the outside of the plug Okay , but does not clean the underside or inside to well .
 Actually i didnt get this for myself but my grandpa has one and says it does NOT work!I do NOT reccomend this product !
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 the product did not fit a standard rear window wiper for a lexus 2004 rx . ALL the other brands products fit the bracket , but this product 's was too wide . i had to take just the blade off and replace the blade . but what a waste since i bought the entire wiper . i am CERTAIN this will be the case for many other models of cars becasue the size of the wiper on the lexus is standard .
 The item description on the website is Fram CA9361 Extra Guard Rigid Panel Air - 2 pack . I was expecting 2 pcs of this filter type but only got one ! It was supposed to say 2X the performance .
 The band is way to stiff and the collection band has too much slack and lets the ring band tilt causing damage to the rings .
 The picture is wrong . In the Item # T436-1XRL , the R means Ratchet Stop . The picture is of a micrometer with a Friction Stop .
 I have had 3 of these pumps go bad over the course of a year . Lost fuel pressure to the high pressure pump on my 02 RAM Humming diesel and nearly cooked it . Lucky that I have a gauge and idiot light . Save your money on these pumps for this application and purchase the Raptor pump made by Airdog . I now have confidence that I wo n't be left stranded . A buddy of mine has had the same issue with this pump , so its not just my bad luck . Maybe Carter is n't the reputable name it used to be ? Amazon kicked butt though . fast shipping and best price . hope this helps
 I installed this pump as a `` reliability upgrade '' to replace the weak / failure prone stock lift pump . This one was installed and lasted about 1500 miles over a 4 month period and is now dead . I investigated carter 's warranty and not surprisingly it is a month shorter than the useful life I got out of this pump . I will not be installing another of these style pumps .
 While the picture is correct , the actual product that was shipped is wrong . This is a Mr. Gasket issue . Over the years , Mr. Gasket 's products have been less than desirable , but they are the only game in town . Now , they have the correct picture , but wrong product in the package . Not worth the time and effort to return .
 The product took forever to ship , and once I finally got it , it was open and pieces missing from the box . Pointless buy and do n't waste your money here , I 'm just saving you a headache . Terrible terrible terrible terrible .
 *** Comes complete with all hardware for easy install - Wrong ! *** Includes roller fairlead for smooth cable pulling - Wrong!Don ' t expect to get the mounting hardware . The box came with the winch mount and the roller fairlead mount.There were no bolts included in the box . Thanks to ACE for having the bolts needed to complete the task.The Roller Fairlead is NOT included.It is clearly stated on the instructions that the Roller Fairlead is sold separately.This 64.00 item is only worth 30.00 since it does not have the items needed.Amazon does a good job of taking the order and getting the item delivered quickly , but when it comes to having an issue with an item it is nearly impossible to get the issue corrected without doing a return.Hopefully someone at Amazon will read this and correct the listing .01.16.2010 Yep ... Amazon corrected the listing . However , I am without the Roller Fairlead.It is nice to know that good customer service is not their policy.My second order came with the mounting hardware but no Roller Fairlead . Just one more thing I need to buy.Superwinch 2202855 Mount Kit - You will need to get a Roller Fairlead . This kit does not come with one . This is the worst part of the Yamaha Kodiak ATV install . Get a hammer and bring a lot of patients . It is difficult to align holes for the mount with the frame and the ATVs push bars . The mount is a very tight fit for sliding over the frame mount , then the bumper bar attaches to the mount to the frame using the bolts in the hardware kit.There are many holes and it is possible to mount anything other than a SuperWinch if you have another selection .
 with hundreds of different air clenaers , they should have the dia size in inches so you can make an decision on weather or not it will fit your car .
 I bought two of these for my Subaru and one failed after about a year and a half and one was dead on arrival . I am going with NGK/NTK to replace them .
 I ordered this product looking forward to the great reviews I had read about it . I get the package , open it , and it had exploded everywhere . It soaked the box it came in and the other products that were shipped with it . NOT HAPPY !
 Replaced the 25 year old original equipment ones with these . They worked well for less than a year then lost the ability tokeep the lid up . The lid started to close slowly by itself at first and in a few months it acts like the lift support is missing . Wentback to the cut-off broom stick . Turned out to be a poor value .
 These were ok when I first put them on . They became streaky and noisy in no time .
 I bought two of these rotors thinking that they are Beck Arnley premium and the finish on the drum is real bad . These are made in China and the quality is real bad . I bought another set for my hyundai from Amazon and they sent me a nice set with great finish , which were made in Brazil . These items are cheaper on amazon but not worth it .
 Locks barely worked when new . Inferior lock . 7 months later RUST !!! I keep my truck in the garage 100 % of time . Too bad an otherwise good design is ruined by the locking mechanism .
 I 've used this floor mat design for over 15 years and it has been one of my favorites . Unfortunately the material they are made from has been changed to some kind of cheap rubber compound that is stiffer and has a strong `` burnt rubber '' smell that I associate with poorly made chinese products . The mats have been in my car for 3 weeks and the smell has not gotten any better . Enough , they are in the trash and I 'm airing out my car .
 THE BEST ON THE MARKET FOR THE PRICE ... WITH ALOT OF REALLY `` COOL FEATURES '' ... YOU 'LL BE GLAD YOU BOUGHT THIS ONE FOR YEARSTO COME . . ! THIS UNIT IS REALLY 200 WATT 'S . . ! -LRB- NOT 15WX4 -RRB-
 I ordered this and was thrilled by the great price ... What I got was a towel in the mail . It appears Mr. Thirs is shorty for Thirsty ; which appears to be some wonder towel that absords more water then a regular towel ... NOTDo not order this !!!!!!!!!
 This is actually two separate ramps . `` It '' does not fold . `` They '' are not joined together . They are well-made and quite solid ; however , they are not hinged or joined in any way .
 BEWARE : Amazon will tell you that this fits a 2002 GMC Sierra 1500Engine
 The rack is actually pretty good but you have to drill into your tailgate . and the bolts were n't the right length for my truck so I had to order longer ones . Nobody stocked those type bolts where I live . They should work on they 're instalation options and charge a little more if they need to . They should make it line up with factoru holes so you do n't have to drill into your brand new vehicle . They had a good Idea but then dropped the ball .
 Warning the item pictured is not correct . I returned the filters for a refund.The picture indicates a metal oil filter -LRB- blue can -RRB- . The item shipped was a paper filter insert only .
 step is to short when pulled down it feels like it is going to pull off the tail gate . I returned item .
 I still have not installed this item due to poor instructions that accompany the item . If you have a tailgate rail protector the fit seems off . I need someone with experience to determine if it will work before I drill holes in my truck .
 This tool will only work on a two -LRB- 2 -RRB- valve motor . It will not work on a 4.6 . 4v -LRB- a 4 valve -RRB- motor . The advertizement says it will work on a 4.6.2 v , 4.6.4 v. or a 5.4.4 v . However it says on the factory packaging it is for use on 4.6 2 valve ford motor .
 I called OTC and they sell a new version of this tool , same model . If you do a google search many stores will show the new picture . It is based on the Ford tool 303-567 . According to them , all new sales should be the new version . It is uncertain if Amazon has old stock.The new tool bends at 90 degrees instead of being straight , and has a raised area where the socket is placed -LRB- instead of being flat -RRB- . There is much cam cap interference and it adds tons of frustration to an already difficult job . The tool may not even work when centered on the cam , you may have to offset it a bit to account for the obnoxious raised area.You must use this new tool with a long horizontal 3/8 extension or the socket head will lock onto the cam cap . This is what happened with my 95 4.6 L engine . It is less of an issue with the 32V engine but its still very awkward . I do n't know about later years , but it is suggested for all modular engines . The tool got two stars because it works great on the center valves where there is no cam retainer.These tools are designed by Ford . I do n't know why they would change a good design into something that is practically unusable .
 Out of the box , tool only removed two rockers . Was not enough space to get tool into position for the rest . Take 1/4 '' punch , remove roll pin holding the two piece 's of the tool together . Then you can install one part on top of spring , other part under cam , then reinstall tool back together with your pin punch -LRB- not the roll pin -RRB- . Oh , and I forgot to mention , Take the roll pin and through it as far as you can . This was on a 06 4.0 v-6 explorer.Dan
 After sanding and grinding to fit properly , the follower had no place to go . Save your money and buy a nice set of screw drivers and pop the follower out when cam lobe is positioned on heal .
 Let me preface this by stating , I do n't own the tool , however my father does and he and I have been working on overhauling the top end on my 03 Explorer 4.6 2V engine and we were using this tool in the process of both disassembly and assembly of the heads . The design of this tool is not optimal as it places the fulcrum in the wrong location and thus in turn you can not apply even spring pressure in order to get the valve keepers in place when assembling . You also run the risk of damaging the valve stem in the process . The KD tool that was 1/2 the price worked better for the task at hand during reassembly .
 What came in my package is not what was pictured . What is pictured is an electric fuel pump with an input and an output . What came in my package was a cam-driven MECHANICAL fuel pump with four ports . It was $ 25 , so as the saying goes
 The illustration of this item shows an electric pump , and the text description reads : Product Features * Precision , spin-balanced and polymer-encased armature reduces noise and vibration for quiet operationIt does n't have an armature . * Premium carbon brushes , utilizing advanced materials enables longer , reliable service lifeIt does n't have brushes . * Non-return valve maintains system pressure to reduce hot start problems * Noise suppression coil virtually eliminates radio frequency interferenceIt neither has nor needs RF suppression , as it is not electrical . * Bosch impeller ring enables smooth fuel flow for reliable performanceIt does n't have an impeller.What came in the box did not in the least resemble the photograph or the item description.I wanted it to pump fuel , so I chose it on the basis of the description and the maker 's reputation , I 'd no interest in the cars it fitted.The list of these makes it clear that it is a * Mechanical pump * intended for use with carburetted engines.Be warned!On the plus side , Amazon accepted it back , paid for the shipping and will hopefully be refunding me , so all I wasted was a fair bit of time .
 What the H-LL ?????? Listed as Fitting a 92 CAMRY , BUT when looking at `` Fits These Autos '' Where the H-LL does it say CAMRY ???? Amazon FOULS the AIR once again , and of COURSE , they say , `` WE ONLY PROVIDE WHAT INFO THE VENDOR SUPPLIES ... `` TTTHHHHHHHPPPPPPTTTT !!!!
 The comparison chart says it should fit on my car , it does n't . My mechanic had to splice the connector and use my old one.Although shipping was fast I am still unhappy with the WRONG/ghetto rigged product now attached to my vehicle . I now wish I had just used advanced auto .
 This tool is a absolute joke . Mine doesnt expand at all , even when it isnt in a pipe ! Then there is the finish , someone used a can of the cheapest spray paint they could find , and painted it fully assembled . The paint was chipped in places , pooled in others , and missing all together in others . Paint dripped down on to all the ground bearing surfaces , threads , painted over the 2 o rings , the solvents in the paint i 'm sure degraded the o rings.I rented a OEM brand tool -LRB- linked below -RRB- from AutoZone , took them apart and compared the two , they are designed somewhat similarly , but I ca n't figure out how this Lisle tool could possibly ever work unless you welded the far forcing code to the 6 expander sections.Dont waste your money , and thank god Amazon has prepaid returns.http : / / www.amazon.com/Tailpipe-Expander-2-1-Inch-3-7/dp/B004FDMWAE/ref=sr_1_cc_1?s=aps&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1338008022&sr;=1-1-catcorr
 Save your money -- bought four -- applied per directions -- 2 out of 4 fell of within 10 days -- whereabouts unknown
 I purchased this product to cut a seven year old 2 1/2 '' tailpipe . It was unable to cut the tailpipe and the tool actually failed before a single successful cut . The tool is poorly designed and one of the arms collapsed as the tool was tightened around the pipe . I can not recommen this tool . It may work better with a 2 '' tailpipe or smaller . The tool is too fragile to be considered a serious automotive speacialty tool . Lisle makes great products , but this is not one of them .
 When using this product the rivets that hold the cuttwheels on have broke and off made the cutoff blades come off of the device . HAKF WAY THROUH THE FIRST USED ! It is also flimsy and will cut at spiral angels when tightened . I know it is cheap but please remember it is cheap for a reaon . Spent more and get a chain one !! Pros
 Got this to replace my broken chain type exhaust cutter . This tool is very flimsey . You really have to take your time to make sure your cuts will be lined up even while your cutting & if your not careful you can easily make the pipe out of round . On the positive it gets the job done and its less tedious then using a handsaw , but the same if not better results can be had with a cutoff wheel . If you want a nice clean cut I strongly suggest paying the extra for a decent chain type exhaust cutter . This was on an aluminized steel piping , I seriously doubt it would cut through any kind of stainless steel . What can I say , you get what you pay for
 One of the ventvisors has a factory defect and a small scuffed place . Did n't notice until it was installed . Going to keep them , but disappointing ...
 If you are trying to fit 2 1/2 '' exhaust pipe this device will not work even if you ensure it is well lubricated . The standard pipe here is about 2mm thick and I had to go to a muffler shop to get it expanded . What happened was the pipe expanded about 1mm or less then the bolt snapped and the spreader popped out and ended up in the muffler , this took a bit to get out as I was assembling the exhaust and had to remove a section of pipe to get to the muffler in the exhaust tunnel . I would probably recommend getting a grade 8 or higher bolt and see if it works but I think the bolt it comes with is about a grade 3 bolt .
 This size was wrong , it was too big and it came apart , and the paint was annoying . Go to harbor freight and get a cheap on , they are just as good , an make sure to oil it well , and be prepared to break it .
 Than the end of 2007 . Mine has faded away to be almost unreadable.Love the message , but the messenger is just scamming good , politcally motivated folks .
 Installed and as i tightened flanges they bent and caused leakage on new copper OEM Honda exhaust gaskets . Pretty flismy . And to loud , need a little baffle for good loud pipes , Other wise stick with factory pipes . CObra Lousy Engineering and they will not make it right
 The system itself is probably the best thing on the market , except that you need a $ 100 adapter to spray the fluid in the intake . Buy the one titled `` Do-it-yourself '' for a couple of bucks more .
 Do n't waste your money on meguiar 's quick detailer ... the best quick detailer on the market is Griots Speed Shine ... no haze you 'll swear the paint is wet ...
 I treated my paint with Ultima Sealant - do n't know if that in conjunction with Quik Detailer contributed to the mess ... In any case , Quik Detailer , esp . when humid , does NOT buff out to a wet looking shine.When used as directed - dust swept off , 1 microfiber for application , 1 for buffing - it leaves a streaky haze that DOES NOT BUFF OUT.Its like trick birthday candles - buff it off , and it seems clear for about 5 seconds , return and the smeared haze is back again worse than before.The haze looks like someone wiped butter on the paint and let it dry.It came off ok after a water wash luckily - I will never , ever go back to it.I got drastically different results with Griots Speed Shine - buffed off clean and clear with no work and left the paint looking wet and seemingly slightly improved - honestly seemed to even out the texture , lessening the appearance of surface imperfections .
 Received the ash tray . Its small . It rattles around in the cup holder . It 's hard to hit with a cigerette . Impossible to hit with a cigar . Not impressed ...
 Whilst the tool looks robust and better than any other of the same type -LRB- and I have tried a few -RRB- , it does not fit 1 5/8 '' pipe . It too large and hence unfortunately useless for my project .
 Accel is an excellent brand for cars 1/4 of a mile , but personally regarding this ignition control module I am not satisfied , its lifetime is very short when used continuously , thanks amazon for good deals .
 ACCEL 35361 Ignition Control Module ! original is not an imitation with accel label me a month to work hard and of poor quality . now my Ignition Control Module by previous generations and works best
 I ordered a custom dash mat for a 2000 Jeep Cherokee what I got was a two piece try to make it work dash mat . It was supposed to have been a one piece custom made dash mat . This was n't even cut right . It would n't even cover the whole dash .
 This device has multiple , confusing , scales for measuring tread depth . After you decipher using the appropriate scale , it provides an accurate reading , but the effort it takes to calibrate it properly makes it more trouble than it 's worth . There have to be other devices that are easy to use and read results .
 I dont like this because while technically it does measure in 1/32 increments ... it has 4 positions that have 4/32 increments each . . its really stupid i dont understand why not just make one scale with 1/32 increments.its cheap and probably better to get a better one .
 this is not acceptable at all the picture and the description is not same as the part i got , , , i got Disc Brake Caliper not a rear brake pads . you did n't care about the rest of things , i am parking my car for 1 week in garage just waiting this part and now i have to wait again and again to be honest , you have to check the item b4 you sent it to the customer
 i used it on my car and the scratches are GONE !!!!! i was happy but then , if you dare to wash youre car , the scratches will be back , like when you polish it you can hear the scratches telling you '' ILL BE BAAKK !!!
 I just want to say that most Meguiar 's products are wonderful , but something went wrong with this one ... On arrival everything seemed fine , however , on opening the package there was what looked to be leaked wax on the sides and I attributed this to another can of wax perhaps having leaked onto this one -LRB- because there was no leaked product anywhere else in the shipping box -RRB- . Unfortunately , on opening the container , 2/3 of the wax had apparently leaked out but was nowhere to be found . since the Meguiar 's box it came in was still factory sealed I can only attribute this problem to the product itself and not mishandling by shipping ... I am very disappointed
 This item is misrepresented . Meguiar 's no longer makes Clear Coat Wax as pictured . I ordered this item because I did NOT want CARNAUBA wax but I received Meguiar 's Gold Class Carnauba Plus Paste Car Wax instead . The Clear Coat Wax has been discontinued . I returned the Carnauba Plus wax and notified Amazon that this product does not exist but I see they are still offering it for sale .
 Wire harness does n't match up , very Frustrating . I cant seem to find any information on line about the differences in the harness . Does n't make since that they make these products differently . Should be plug and play .
 My car has gone through 2 of these alternators . Besides having to pay for the alternator , on each occasions I had to pay about $ 200 for the installations . Apparently , this thing is only good for a few weeks . I 'm so disappointed that I refused to obtain a third one , even if it were under warranty . Instead , I paid for a GOOD part from a NAPA repair shop , and although it set me back about $ 650.00 , I have a warranty on both the part and the labor . Never buying auto parts from amazon again.The only good thing about this product is that it fits .
 I can not believe my eyes when I opened the box . The filter is apparently an used one . Who would buy an used fuel filter , oil filter , or air filter?UpdateAmazon customer services are really the first class . Unfortunately , the quality of products does not match up . I received the replacement which again is the same as what I received the first time . It is not Amazon 's fault , but ACDelco . ACDelco brand name will be completely erased from my memory .
 ordered the pump and installed.one week later i had to drop tank and install new pump.went back with better brand .
 Hey it would n't let me leave 0 stars ! > -LRB- Yeah I agree with the other reviewers . These bulbs are bad ! For the past year or two I 've had a solid HID fog light kit I got off Amazon , actually . That gets a 5/5 . These get a 0/5 . They are SEVERELY overpriced & are NOT noticeably brighter to the degree that they 're worth any extra money than the crap stock ones u can get for a couple of bucks at the local auto parts place . I remember contacting Sylvania after one of them prematurely burnt out after some time . The lady responsible for my inquiry , after learning that they had been shipped , dismissed my inquiry due to the fact they had been shipped in the mail & not picked up from some local parts place . She , in a sense , cited the shipping & not the very short life span / bad quality of the bulbs as the reason they prematurely burnt out . Yeah , alright . On my specific vehicle the `` Silverstar '' thing is a big scam ! They appear whiter but are not that much noticeably brighter . I think the standard Sylvania Cool Blue bulbs were the best out of anything I tried . Do yourself a favor & stay FAR AWAY from the Sylvania bulb trap & BUY AN HID KIT OFF THE WEB !!! They 're ridiculously brighter & my entire HID headlight kit cost about as much as a set of supposedly bright Silverstar bulbs . Alright maybe $ 10 to $ 15 more but that 's not a lot . & I 've had the kit for over a year with little to no problems , 3x the light output , & a fraction of the power consumption . Just looked on the web
 If you have every changed the fog light bulbs in a 2000-2002 trans am you know its not something you want to do often . My stock bulbs were fine . The silver stars did project a better light given how deep the bulbs are in the front fascia . But , one burned out after 1 year which was only 5000 miles mostly daytime driving . Not worth the hassle of install given the lifespan .
 I really ca n't tell the difference between the stock bulbs and these expensive units . Would n't recommend them . The high and low beams I purchased for the same vehicles and from the same vendor work great .
 When purchasing this product , I took in consideration Sylvania 's market share and quality history . However , upon installation , the bulb burned out within the 1st week . $ 20 down the drain . If you are gambler , I recommend spinning the wheel . If not , look into another more reliable product .
 I put Sylvania Silverstar H1 low beams in my 2006 Mazda6 about a month ago . The other night they both went out at once . I found out from a Mazda6 forum that this has happened to others . I put the OEM bulbs back in and they worked fine . I am filing a complaint with Sylvania . What a rip-off .
 They may look good , but they do n't last long at all . I 've had PIAA bulbs in for at least 3 years now , but one did burn out about 5 months ago . I 've replaced that left headlight bulb with a Silverstar TWICE ! Each bulb has only lasted 2-3 months . While they are certainly cheaper up front than PIAA , in the end they are no worth it for their poor life .
 Do not buy these . I bought two for the same light this year . The 1st one lasted about 3 months . The 2nd 5 weeks ! Complete garbage .
 I would agree with other users . This is a great bulb but it does not last very long . Sure there are tons of variables that will affect the longetivity of the bulb but compared to an average halogen , this bulb will only last for about a year or less based upon my experience . Buy PIAA 's if you can .
 I agree that they look very nice at first . They do not last long at all on my car . Maybe a few weeks . I have bought the two-pack twice . I thought the first time both foglights went out it was due to the unusually cold weather this winter , so I bought another two-pack and installed them when the temperature was back above zero degrees F . The second try burned out quickly as well.Considering the short time these work , I would not agree that it is a bargain , but maybe these particular fog lights do n't like my particular car -LRB- 2000 SAAB 9-3 SE -RRB- . I think I have the Sylvania Silverstar headlights too , but they have operated normally .
 `` This combined effect of higher pressure and the halogen cycle give halogen lamp much longer life '' is apparently a bunch of bull , since the bulb only lasted 6 months . I 've used the non - `` high performance '' bulbs in the past and they lasted anywhere from 1.5 to 4 years , so I 'm going back to those if I can find them .
 Got these because I could n't find what the OEM used , which was the Philips H11 Long Life bulbs.The Sylvania 's were not near as bright as the original Philips , when the Philips were fresh and over time , they got dimmer much quicker then the Philips bulbs.Now , I 'm looking for the Philips H11 and the only place I can find them is from a company in the UK . It amazes me that I ca n't find them here in the States , when they come as the OEM bulb in the Camary .
 For $ 7 bucks I ca n't complain much , but am.Pros : Does an OK sorta of good jobCons :1 . Does n't maintain suds nor soapiness . I start at the front , work around the passenger side , rear end , then the drivers side . By the time I got to the rear , the suds had diminished and the soapiness of the water long gone calling for a refill . Mind you , 1/3 cup of soap to two gallons of water one should expect more , right ? 2 . Has a perfume odor . I want my cars cleaned not smelling like some imitation gaga flower .3 . Same cleanliness and sudsiness -LSB- sp -RSB- as Meguiar 's Next Generation -LSB- lavender/purple color -RSB- . Big hype ; name and color change does not equate to quality .4 . Same cleanliness and sudsiness as my local auto store generic brand at $ 4 . Sorry Meguiar 's you lose , BIG time.Will not buy again .
 the product itself works great and was shipped and delivered within 1 week.however , this is only 64 ounces ... 1/2 gallon . if you are purchasing for home or personal use , you are better off ordering the 1 gallon version , which is cheaper than the 1/2 gallon !!! even if you are reselling this stuff , it would be cheaper to buy the 1 gallon .
 The Spectra Premium NSP01A oil pan is not a viable OEM replacement part . The advert claims that this item is powder-coated ; however , it is just treated with enamel . The oil drain plug supplied on the pan is not the Nissan specified -LRB- M12-1 .50 -RRB- oil drain plug . The NSP01A comes with a much larger , non-Nissan specified , -LRB- M14-1 .50 -RRB- drain plug . I did not bother to install this pan as it is not within the specifications of the original Nissan oil pan . I am promptly returning this for a Dorman 264-500 oil pan , which satisfies Nissan specifications , and going to do this job correct the first time around.Dorman 264-500 Oil Pan
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 Do n't bother looking at this product because it just does n't work , in reality it made my suv slower than faster . Now I have made alot of upgrades to my suv like a gibson catback exhaust , weapon r cold air intake , a stage 2 performance chip , aem dryflow cone air filter . When the supercharger was installed I did n't notice any horsepower increase or torque , once I removed the so called supercharger put my foot on the gas pedal VA VOOM away I went . Another reason why I removed it because I was getting no power I research the some sites on the web and 99.9 % were all negatives no positives . I had originally thought it was the performance chip , I first had a stage 1 mod then right when I had gotten the supercharger I upgraded to a stage 2 mod and I saw no difference until like I said earlier I removed the supercharger and WOW it really moves now . BEWARE remember do yourself a favor do n't learn the hard way like I did , or you 'll be out a few bucks while the seller is laughing with your money .
 I 'm looking to buy a supercharger , so I decided to investigate the electric version . The numbers on this unit do n't make sense , here 's why : The belt driven version that produces 4-5 PSI pressure requires about 25-30 HP from the crankshaft . This unit claims to produce 2 PSI of pressure . That would mean that at least 10 HP is required . 1 HP = 750 Watts . 10 HP = 7500 WattsP = E x I or Power = Voltage times CurrentThis unit 's required 2.2 Amps times 12 volts = 26.4 wattsThis unit falls short by 7473.6 Watts -LRB- 7500 - 26.4 -RRB- It 's actually robbing power -LRB- the air restriction of the blower blades and the friction of the bearings -RRB- from the engine as the blower `` free wheels ''
 Anyone who buys this should have their head examined . Its a scam . This does nothing for a vehicle . This guy should be arrested for this crap .
 Do n't bother with this . If you want this same product , go to your local marine supply store and ask for a bilge pump . They cost about $ 30 and are the exact same thing as this . Do n't buy this unless you like wasting time , money and intelligence
 this thing is a joke I bought one just to test . this thing actually made my car lose 18 % hp so I decided to install it on my motorcyle with almost the same results . I have read the so called SUCCESS stories and they all link back to the OWNER go figure . DONT BUY THIS PLASTIC PIECE OF JUNK
 This is a fan !! A supercharger is ` an air compressor used for forced induction of an internal combustion engine . ` This will not create boost like a roots blower/supercharger or even a turbo and I seriously doubt it can add any horsepower to an automobile engine , in fact it may cause a loss of horspower by restricting airflow . Mass Air Flow Sensor
 This product is a pain to use . I found my bottle to be extremely difficult to squeeze - probably because it seems to be a slightly liquified version of saddle soap . It requires a lot of scrubbing to lift dirt . It permanently filled in the little holes in the seating surfaces . This product did n't make much of a difference when it comes to conditioning - the seats still look dry and texture did n't improve.The other day , I tried theTurtle Wax T485 ICE Total Interior Care . It did a much better job lifting dirt and improved the texture some with NO WORK . I 'd pick that product over this one , since you can use it over all of your interior surfaces and reduce your car car products.EDIT
 I used this product on my vehicle 's leather seats . -LRB- 1998 Aurora -RRB- It did n't do as good of a job as I had expected . I did n't notice much difference in the appearance after using it , and my seats are just a touch on the slippery side now . The scent is n't too bad ... not overpowering or `` smelly '' . : -RRB-
 I bought this Leather Cleaner for My Ford King Ranch which has some pretty expensive leather seats.I should not have . The cleaner did work however the seats did not seem to have any conditioner at all.I gues I will just have to fork out for the King Ranch conditioner again .
 I really like Meguiars products , so when I needed a leather conditioner for my Mercedes seats I passed up Lexol and Armor All in favor of this . I 'm disappointed to say that I ca n't recommend this product to anyone.The bottle says `` conditions without introducing an artificial shine , '' and I guess that means `` will make your leather look and feel incredibly dull . `` The application is easy and it does n't leave a white residue , but within hours of applying it the like-new sheen it gives to your leather fades away and it makes the seats in my new Mercedes resemble the leather in my 2001 Chevy Suburban -- flat , dull , life-less . It 's not typically what you would expect from leather seats . It does n't look anything like the seats when they were on the showroom floor.I can understand why Meguiars did n't want to put an artificial shine element in with the conditioner -- nobody wants seats that look like they 've been dipped in Armor All Ultra Shine -- but nobody wants their new leather seats to look 10 years old either . I honestly do n't know how this product was ever released .
 It did n't touch my boat seats !!! a little mold and dirt ... try tylex tilex -LRB- sp -RRB- worked great !! rub maguiars on after -LRB- maybe -RRB- I 'll update after summer !
 I tried Meguiar 's rich leather wipes on my new sports car and over the course of a single day , it turned my black leather seats to slightly greenish brown leather seats . It claims to protect from UV rays , but instead it destroyed my leather seats . They should add a warning that this could happen .
 Purchased both 02 sensors for replacement in my NA 850 without the CA emissions system after getting a CEL for the downstream sensor . Cleared codes and drove car for a few days , CEL came back on indicating a low voltage read from both 02 sensors . Car was smoke checked , and exhaust manifold was replaced because the flex joint was broken -LRB- obvious air leak -RRB- . After this repair , the exhaust was checked again , and got a clean bill of health from Boston Volvo . Car drove great for 4 days , CEL light came on for 1 day and then shut off on it 's own -LRB- bulb not blown -RRB- . Drove the car without a light for 5 more days until the CEL light came back on today , indicating low voltage fault codes from both O2 sensors . The 20 + year veteran tech at Boston Volvo says he has never seen an after market sensor with the same precision as factory , and does not recommend using them . Seeing as this guy has worked on 3 different Volvos for me , I 'll take his word for it . If he 's not right about these parts I 'll certainly update this review to ensure due fairness .
 The photo that Amazon uses is wrong . On these bulbs , the tip is not covered/painted . Thus , you can not use these in a fog or low beam application where the factory does not use a separate shield in front of the bulb to prevent oncoming glare.It is , however , suitable for driving or high beam applications , but then just get the Philips product which , at the time of this writing , is much cheaper and higher quality . See http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00480KOP4/
 The OEM Headlights on my Honda lasted 5 years before the first one burned out . I bought two Silver Star bulbs and installed both . The light is pure white and is a noticable improvement in brightness over the OEM bulbs . I was very happy with my purchase until the first bulb burned out after about 3 months . I thought it must just be a fluke and bought another pair , replacing the blown one and keeping one as a spare . The second bulb burned out after 9 months . I 'll be trying something else when the next bulb burns out !
 this thing looks like junk.Hope i never have to depend on it.Bought for a spare in emergency.May be ok .
 This is not a high quality tool , but it works for occasional use . I had two problems . First , the flexible cable is held onto the head of the gauge with a press-in ` rivet ' . That rivet came loose and the cable separated . I repaired it by threading the rivet hole and installing a set screw . The second problem is that the 1/2 inch drive fits very loosely onto a ratchet and socket . This sloppy fit makes the gauge somewhat inaccurate and the gauge tends to fall off the ratchet when moving it about.And a general comment . There is some free play between all ratchet , socket and accessory -LRB- extensions -RRB- parts . Make sure that you take up that free play with some slight pressure on the wrench in the same manner when reading both the starting point and finish point .
 I bought one of these things from Amazon because it was well rated ... When I got ready to use it , was another thing , the one shown in the photo 's on the internet has a square hole in the top center for a 1/2 inch drive wrench ... mine has a round 7/16 '' hole with a shallow groove about 1/8th inch down from the top ... making it useless to me ... , It still has the same part number as the correct product . It appears , that Lisle had not completed the manufacturing process when they packaged and shipped this product ... looking at the photo of the item enlarged , on Amazon , it shows what appears to be a square hole of a size that a would take a half inch drive torque wrench ... what I received has a slightly smaller round hole that would not accept a half inch drive ... because it 's a round hole not square and it looks like it was machined as a next to final step in the process of manufacturing , no final machining done ... I suspect it was not Amazon that caused the problem but poor quality control at Lisle ... . I emailed Lisle and asked how I was supposed to use this , which had an apparent flaw.PS
 I returned this decal . It was much bigger than I expected and I had an almost screen like appearance to it .
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 NOYHING FOR A BOTTOM . PAD JUST FALLS THROUGH THE BOTTOM . VERY POORLY MADE .
 I bought a double-pack , hoping it would keep my cell phone and ipod touch on the dash but even though the car was spotless , it did n't work on anything but a perfectly flat surface -LRB- e.g. , it never worked -RRB- . I 've tried other non-slip pads that worked far better but thought this was a more elegant design.Lesson learned .
 WE NEVER RECEIVED THIS UNIT OR HAVE HAD ANY CONTACT WITH THE SELLER ???? EITHER GET US A REFUND OR GET THE JERK TO SEND US THE UNIT !!!!! Thanks , Walt .
 The Jug is very nice but I orded black not blue , did NOT get what I requested . They even show a picture of a blue Jug but black description .
 This ashtray take two hands to put out a cigarette . It is very clumsy . I threw the ones I bought for people away .
 THE PICTURE SHOWS THAT IT HAS A HOLDER ... IT DOES NOT HAVE ONE WITH IT ... THE HOLDER EVEN HAS THE CLIP CLAP LOGO ON IT SO I WAS UNDER THE IMPRESSION THAT IT HAD ITS OWN HOLDER . . KIND OF LOOKED TO ME LIKE IT ATTACHED TO A VENT . . NOT REAL HAPPY WITH PRODUCT ... YOU SHOULD UP DATE THE PICTURE AND SPECIFY THAT LOOKS CAN BE DISCEIVING
 Not sure how some other reviews said this stuff does n't sling . It is a gel and slings just as much as every other gel . No more , no less and I did apply it with an applicator . It does have a high gloss and looks great . My advice is to apply a very small amount , spread it evenly and wipe down the excess . It 's a gel so waiting a few hours or overnight wo n't make a difference.Overall , i like the look but it def 100 % does sling!UPDATE
 I have detailed automobiles for over 20 years and prefer Meguiar 's products . This is an OK product but one I would never buy again . The consistency was too thick resulting in more product being used , and takes at least four times longer to apply . You have to apply in smaller areas over and over again to work the product into each crevice between letters , numbers , ridges , etc. similar to polishing metal . Just too tedious . This would be fine if the tires looked better but I find they look that same as the other higher-end tire shine products . The grape smell was very nice but that 's about it . I 'll stick with Meguiar 's Hot Shine for overall ease of application , speed and quality of shine .
 all these tire shine products are the same , look great when you put it on 2 or 3 days later you ca n't even tell you put it on , like flashlight batteries , everyone company tells you they last long , but they still stink .
 I purchased this a while back . And while it did it 's `` job '' of blinking when the vehicle was rocked or significantly moved - does it deter ? I highly doubt it . Another negatory
 I bought 3 and 1 do n't work , and 1 works sometime , and the 3rd is fine ; 1 out of three is bad business .
 Absolute Junk product , do not buy . Works when it wants to , needs to be in an area that receives ALOT of direct sunlight , LEDs are not that attention calling in the first place . Do Not Buy .
 After several attempts to order this item , and repeated failures of the retailer to deliver it I was forced to cancel the Amazon order and bought a similar product from a local retailer
 I ordered the Gibson 615571 Stainless Steel System -LRB- 1990 Short Box Chevy PU -RRB- . The pipes were all bent fine , but one seemed to be too short . It caused all the brackets to be off position , and all had to be modified . I needed additional steel and a welder to install . The brackets/clamps in the system are not stainless steel . Also , stainless pipes seem to be more rigid and require all the joints to be tack welded or the pipes will twist at the joints -LRB- all brands seem to do this -RRB- . This was not my first install but it was the worst .
 Item sucks lasted about three months and seems came open and started leaking exhaust fumes and making noise ... Do n't buy it .
 When I received the fuel pump module I noticed it was covered in green dye -LRB- the kind they use to mark connections to make sure they do n't miss anything -RRB- . Looks like they spilled about half a can in the bag and did n't bother cleaning it up . While cleaning it to remove all the excess dye I discovered that the casing was cracked on the bottom . Not what I 'd expect from a brand new part . Fortunately the casing was good on the old part so I just swapped them out . This is the only reason I went with 2 stars instead of 1 . I do n't think any of this had anything to do with Amazon so I will continue to shop there but I will not be purchasing anything more from this supplier .
 Do Not purchase from Auto parts giant Store . It took them almost a month to ship the item . It was not the original brand I ordered and in the end it was not even the correct item for my car . Now they will not return it because it is an Electrical item . Their customer service is terrible , the guys that work there do not care about you the customer !!! They practically laugh at you because they know there is nothing you can do about it .
 I bought this to use for my video camera and cell phone charger . I was able to use it , very well , for about 3 weeks . Then one day I bumped it , not hard enough to even dis-lodge it from the cigarette lighter socket , then it quit never to work again . I replaced it with one from Radio Shack and bought the extended warranty . I have had no problems since ! This is a good product and worth it 's weight in gold , but buy one with an extended warranty .
 Had for about 9 months . Worked fine to power a cell phone but then it started to smoke . NOt sure I would purchase another unit . Looking for a more powerful unit .
 I bought one of these and my mother bought one . Both of these smoked , hissed , and put out a noxious fume when used in our vehicles . One was used in my mother 's Prius and I used mine in my Explorer . My mother was afraid that it had fried her computer , but luckily it did not . I 'm so glad she warned me because I had bought it to charge my son 's Nintendo DS in the car . This is a horrible product and it does NOT work .
 I received a plastic container , with electrodes with the shape factor of a motorcycle battery . It was heavy with lead and lead oxide cathodes and anodes.I had no electrolyte.It did not come with Sulfuric acid at 1.25 sg.It did not come with any electrolyte , water or anything.Just try and buy sulfuric acid at your neighborhood hardware store . Or try and get some from a battery dealer , especially after buying that battery on line.A battery is a boat anchor if it has NO ACID .
 I bought these specifically to attach my license plate to the inside of my front windshield . The suction cups are made from hard plastic ... how these are considered `` suction '' , I do n't know . I had a different set before these that were flexible and rubbery , and had a GI Joe grip that kept my license from falling off my front bumper -LRB- I gave them away as a birthday present to a good friend of mine -RRB- . I 've been looking for an alternative ever since , and I have to say , these Cruiser Accessories Suction cups are terrible . Look elsewhere .
 I received my tool box missing two stationary trays , deep molded tray and the j bolt hardware . Manufacturer told me those items cost additonal and the j bolts are for another model , they called the `` challenger '' series . I contacted both Amazon and Manufacturer to correct the misleading information . Buyer Beware ! It 's typical manufacturers like this one that provide false information to get you to buy their product , then try to play the `` It 's Amazon 's fault , not ours '' game . The Manufacturer blamed Amazon for it 's product description and did not want to honor the items is was supposed to come with . I give 1 star for lying and just not admitting the mistake and also for trying to make me pay extra for items that was supposed to be included .
 The picture shows a set of disc brake pads by Wagner , but the item is definitely NOT a set of brake pads . They look like parts to a drum brake set -LRB- maybe -RRB- . Now I have to figure out how to return these things .
 Bought this lighter but can not understand how to use it , it does not fitt my car.waste of money
 This prodcuts is no different than the at least 10 different wheel cleaning products that I have tried and have not found one of them that actually `` cleans '' wheels . They do remove some of the grime and brake dust , but they alwasy leave the wheel looking less than clean . I always end up breaking out the chenille wash sponge and rim brush to get the built up gunk off of the wheel . Ovreall I think these wheel products in general are just a waste of money , but I keep trying them in the hope that somebody will eventually create one that works , because I do hate scrubbing rims .
 I have an older BMW with basket weave rims . Anyone who owns them knows how notoriously difficult they are to clean . I figured I would give this product a try to see if it could save me the time I normally spend scrubbing between each crease to eliminate the brake residue on my wheels . Turns out it did n't save me any time and hardly worked at all.The foaming action cleans the tire nicely , but it left all of the nooks and crannies in my wheels filled with brake residue . I tried reapplying and re-washing a few times on each wheel , but the truth is , there is no substitute to elbow grease.After doing all four wheels I realized I had used nearly the entire bottle and they still were n't clean ! I ended up just scrubbing and washing each wheel by hand . I find that kind of outrageous . Definitely will not purchase again . $ 10 down the drain with the dirty wash water .
 I love meguiar 's products but this wheel cleaner was a waste of money . It really did not clean the wheels as suggested . Do n't waste your money !
 I am an auto detailer and I bought this product to help me clean rims . Let me just say that this product does not remove any stubborn brake dust and requires a lot of hand buffing to get out dirt when a good wheel cleaner should do the work for you . This stuff is also fairly expensive and doese n't last through that many washing of the rims . I now use a degreaser to clean wheels as it does a much better job and is a lot cheaper . I buy Purple Power Degreaser at Lowe 's in the car section , I get a 2.5 gallon bottle for $ 13 , lasts me quite a while and cleans rims wheel and takes all the greae off the rims with little scrubbing.One Gallon of Purple Power Industrial Strength Cleaner Degreaser
 I purchased the Meguiar 's All Wheel Cleaner today and the stuff did not work very good at all ! I sprayed the cleaner on a water soaked wheel and waited 15 seconds for the cleaner to work as directed on the bottle and barely any of the brake dust came off . I do not recommend this product and am really surprise Meguiars would sell such a terrible product ! Do not wasted your money people !
 Although worked fine on my rims , it stained my brake calipers and brake disc behind it . There is no way to spray it on without getting it on the brake parts . It caused it to turn white in some areas where it was sprayed . Given in many cars the brake calipers are exposed , it can make it look very ugly . Ruined my brand new car !
 I have not read anyones reviews , but I can tell you I bought a dozen of these , what a waste I ised them on aluminum , plastic and chrome rims , and the brake dust does not disolve , loosen etc. . . water and scrubbing works better . Find another product .
 I used Meguiar 's All Wheel Cleaner as directed , and the cleaning power is mild to weak . I use it to cover the entire surface and deep down in the crevices for the lug nuts.Meguiar 's wheel cleaner removes 50 % on the surface and less than 30 % inside the crevices for the lug nuts . Spraying the wheels a second time with Meguiar 's All Wheel Cleaner has no effect . I had to clean by soap and hand brush.The product that I used before isMothers 05924 Foaming Wheel & Tire Cleaner - 24 oz , and I will be returning to it . Mother 's cleaning power is much higher especially around the crevices for the lug nuts .
 Received item leaking . Did not like product . Does not work that well . Waste of money ! Can clean your own rims with regular car soap and water and comes out the same !
 This stuff might be good for something but not for wire wheels . Yes , I followed instructions under perfect weather conditions and wheels and tires were barely dirty . For one thing , it took nearly half a bottle to cover 4 wheels and tires , but worse yet it left a filmy residue on both . Especially problematic on wires.Best thing is that I only had to throw away a half bottle .
 Be aware that the screws do not fit the BMW license plate mount.I was disappointed when removing my old license plate frame and trying to insert the new screw with a new BMW license plate frame that the screw holes did not match . Also the wrench used for installing these screws have a bend that is impossible to use with the tail gate of the care in the way .
 Received these today , the package had been previously opened and closed again with staples . they did not fit a Subaru and in small print at the bottom it reads , `` Fits most American cars '' . Would have been nice to have this information before I ordered .
 These screws do not work at all on my car . They are too short for the front license and in the rear , the screws are machine screws . I have a 2009 Toyota Corolla . They are pretty but rather useless for my car .
 I purchased two sets of these . One set had screws that were too small for the included tool ! Since no other tool I had would work with them , I tried the tool from the other set . It also would not fit . Out of both sets of 4 screws , a total of three screws would fit the included wrenches . Not the kind of quality I could recommend ...
 Unable to use all of the fasteners because supplied wrench wouldnt fit . Pin hole in wrench machined off center and some of the screws had poor internal hex dimensions -LRB- too small -RRB- . Had to put some off the screws in a vice and hammer wrench into place.I would not buy these again or recommend .
 This product does not work . The screws are too short ! You cant use the anchors so it defeats the whole purpose . Complete waste of time and money .
 Total waste of money . Did not fit ! Had to purchase a setfrom a local auto store .
 FALSE ADVERTISING !! PICTURE AND DESCRIPTION CLEARLY SHOWS THESE ARE `` HEX '' AND NOT `` STAR '' SHAPED . RECEIVED THE `` SWITCH & BAIT '' PRODUCT - THE STAR . I NEEDED HEX TO GET MY LICENSE PLATES OFF MY CAR . FALSE ADVERTISING !! Even weeks later , the same hex pix is being displayed , RIGHT NOW !! It 's a fine product - BUT NOT WHAT I NEEDED NOR ORDERED .
 There is no zero stars option or I would have used it.These screws do not fit the screwholes in the Toyota I boguht them to use on . They are a waste of money . Save yourself the misery .
 I purchased the product to go along with a License Bracket I purchased . The screws were too large for the hole in my car and the plastic locks could not be mounted because there is no way to access the rear of the position the licence was to be mounted . Purchased this product before with an older model car . If purchasing this product make sure it will work on the newer model cars that are out . Good Concept locking screws , but the product was useless on my car model and a waste of my money !
 `` Engineered by Carmate , Japan '' but proudly Made in China , the `` can '' is a length of aluminum tube with a -LSB- flammable ? -RSB- plastic cap glued into each end . The `` snuffer hole '' is plastic too . The maker warns users to be SURE the cigarette is completely out before closing the lid or leaving the car . Apparently this `` aluminum ash bottle '' is the functional equivalent of a take-out Dixie Cup . Informed car owners will play it safe , and use a Real Steel soup can instead .
 lookes well but have a bad cape , have no rubber soleit is usefull but not hermetic ! honda genuine cup size ashtray is much better with the quality and much more usefull ,
 It is an unfortunate combination of my car 's layout but the cup holders are set behind my gear shifter and in front of the center console so it is not easy to pop this open to ash next to my thigh . The cupholder is too large for it so the thing rattles around quite a lot . In the dark it is impossible to find . I usually end up just piching out the cherry and then throwing the butt in here because the snuffer is not very good . I might try finding one of those foam beer can holders to make this fit more snuggly in my cupholder because this thing is smaller than a standard 12 ounce American soda can . I wish there was a way to mount it up front on my dash somehow because I cant take my eye off the road long enough to get my cigarette put out in here . At first I would pick it up and hold it in front of me but then it is taking both hands to put out the smoke . I am frustrated that new cars do n't just build in ash trays too . The safety issue with people who do choose to smoke having to figure out a quick spot to put out their smoke sucks .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!! It is totally garbage ! I had to replace the oil cooler lines on my 2000 Blazer , so I found this piece of crap -LRB- did n't know at the time -RRB- . I removed the old one because it was leaking where the steel met the rubber . First of all , when I went to install the new one , -LRB- mind you , this is a `` direct fit '' part -RRB- one of the hoses kinked ... are you kidding me ???!!! So anyway , I used about 5 zip ties around that area to prevent it from kinking . I installed this part in October , 2011 . Here it is April , 2012 , I decided to do an oil change and when I went to replace the filter , I looked up through the access door , and this `` wonderful '' piece of automotive engineering looked like it was about 100 years old ! The rubber part of the assembly was all dried out , cracked , and starting to leak . I suppose I could get a replacement under warranty , but I do n't want to get stuck doing this job again in another 6 months . The original one lasted for 160,000 miles . Just goes to show , when it says `` made in China '' , it 's junk . Unfortunately , 90 % of everything in this country is made in China nowadays . Looks like I 'll have to go to the dealer & pay an arm & a leg if I want it to last . I will NEVER buy anything manufactured by Dorman ever again !
 I bought this to repair my leaking original equipment oil cooler hose -LRB- at 210,000 miles -RRB- . Now 3 months and 3000 miles later this one leaks worse than the original . !! Great job CHINA !!! / sarcasmI gave it one star -LRB- big red one -RRB- only because I ca n't rate it 0 stars .
 the outer axle boot keep on slipping off due to NO flare up design on the end tip . Dorman 614-030 HELP ! Universal Fit CV Boot Air Tool
 TerribleI gave them the exact modle , make , etc of my car and they sent me these floor mats that did not fit . The good part was that amazon took them back without a hassle
 I bought this hose in Oct. 2011 to replace orginal on 94 S10 pickup . The fit right but now 8 months later this hose blew out and left me on the side of road . The hose looks like it has been on the truck for 10 yrs not 8 months !!!! Cheap hose that will blow in a few months ... Do not buy or you will be sorry . I learned you get what you pay for . . buy name brand .
 All light when traveling through the same medium travels at the same speed -- the speed of light . Period . The product description is misleading when they claim that LED light travels faster than other lights . LED lights may have enhanced intensity , making them brighter . Check yo facts bruddah .
 When I got my new car , I wanted to keep the interior in top shape . Since I had spent the past 11 years keeping my old car 's interior in really nice condition with Armor All , I figured that would be OK until the guy at the auto store told me about Meguiar 's reputation for being the premium brand in detailing and car care . I spent the extra money on this and used this stuff for a solid year.The most noticeable attributes of this product are its rich , creamy foam and the powerful cedar scent it gives off when you apply it and for about a week afterwards . I think it makes a good first impression in that it really DOES appear high class and it has a scent that most people might find comforting . However , it soon goes sour . This product is GREASY . The description is completely wrong . This stuff is slippery and very , very , very oily . This is good , since the thick coat of oily product would logically protect longer ... however , this oily coating attracts dust and hair and dirt like a superconducting magnet and it 's VERY noticeable on black vinyl interiors ! It also does n't seem to want to go on evenly , with blotches and uneven shine on large , flat areas and textured vinyl unless you layer it on thick until it 's an oil slick ... the entire Mazda3 interior is a finely-textured vinyl and it 's a pain to lather the entire interior in this greasy stuff that gives you a headache with the smell . It 's also VERY shiny . VERY shiny . But only in the places where you apply a lot of it . Everywhere else , it 'll be splotchy or have different reflectiveness . Again , this is magnified on black vinyl.I 'm throwing this out and going back to Armor All .
 I installed the oil cooling lines on my 1994 Chevy pickup using the Dorman Products # 625-107 and 625-108 cooling lines in February of 2007 . They are both leaking again . I thought I would have better luck using an aftermarket product vs. a Genuine GM part -LRB- which I used the first time they leaked -RRB- . I am disappointed in the short lifetime of the Dorman parts . We 'll see how good their limited lifetime warranty is when I submit a claim .
 Not what I thought it would be . Made to dash look really sloppy . First thing I have returned .
 I 've been doing my own brakes for a long time and these are the noisiest brakes I have ever had . Greased everything like your supposed to and even took the squealers off . Have 200 miles on them and they still squeal every time I apply the brakes .
 Shipping was quick and well packaged , but the gasket package was opened with the distributor gasket missing . I had a spare from a prior job so I got by with out it . When it says new it should be all there and new
 Sensor worked great for 3 days after install . Then yesterday morning it threw a code for the same sensor I just replaced . Very disappointed in Bosch .
 Just replaced sensor 6 months ago and already it went bad . Should have lasted longer than 6000 miles . The code came back thatis was not reading a high enough voltage . Beware when you buy on line , at least the dealer would have replaced it . I just through my money away .
 this is not needed 99 % of the time only a select few ajustments need this piece . buy this if you need a 59 second alarm siren or program 60 seconds without it . 60 seconds is fine for me . trust me before you can get this out of your toolbox and unwind the cords i will be done programming mine the usual method and still have time to laugh at you while im cracking a ice cold beer
 Placed an order for this item and my card was charged , the next day someone called and said they made a mistake and that they have n't seen this product in a long time and they recommended lucas spray . they also asked me not to leave a negative comment.But if you are a true detailer lucas is no match for the slick stuff.I think if you are a seller of a product you should make sure you have the product before you list it .
 Drive shaftInferior rubber surround . I would not buy another . center support was installed by my mechanic . Within 2 months support startred to fail -LSB- ... -RSB-
 You have to stick it to something in order to keep it upright -LRB- it says the gel inside could leak out if you do n't keep it upright -RRB- , which to me is kind of a bother . But once I stuck it somewhere , I do n't really smell it much . It does n't seem to be very effective considering the size of the thing -LRB- couple inches square -RRB- . Ah well .
 I 've researched the Invidia cat-back exhaust for my car -LRB- 2000 Mitsubishi Eclipse GT -RRB- and I loved the way it sounded on my car , so I decided to buy it with the Titanium Tip because I thought it would look great on my car . I ordered it from Trends-Auto and it delivered on the date like it said . But the picture of the exhaust that they had for the Invidia has a Titanium Tip . So I called the seller to make sure that the one I was going to order was also going to have the Titanium Tip . I talked a representative named Mike -LRB- I believe -RRB- and it seemed like he did n't know too much about the Invidia or even what a Titanium Tip was . He said the one I was about to order was going to have the tip so I bought it . When it finally arrived at my house I discovered that it did n't have the titanium tip . I was very disapointed because that was the part I was looking forward to the most . All-in-All it installed just fine and sounds great . Just wished it had the tip ... The description should be more specific .
 I bought this to replace a mechanical pump on my car.It worked about 6 hours then developed an internal short.I would have returned it , but I had had the unit for a whilebefore installing , and it is on a vehicle that is driven very little , now even less.knock on it with a screwdriver handle and it starts most of the time , otherwise have to take it off and bang around on it till it starts again.I would imagine this type fix will quit working shortly.I am concerned that gas may leak down into the electric motor and causea fire or explosion . Buy at your own risk .
 We purchased this rooftop cargo carrier to transport our suitcases and beach items during our summer vacation to New England . We were initially concerned because it was so inexpensive for the size and worried that it might not fit a Trailblazer . Upon arrival we were pleased to find that it not only fit securely , but was rather stylish too . Although it appeared weatherproof we soon found that it was not . It began raining at the onset of our trip . About four hours in to our fourteen hour roadtrip the weatherproof lining began disintingrating . By the time we arrived at our destination all our possessions were soaked and coated in tiny grey vinyl flecks . This cargo hauler might be cheap and look nice , but it is not worth your money !
 When we received this carrier , it stated on the box that it does n't fit newer style roof racks that are either flush or molded . -LRB- However , there was nothing in the product description to indicate that ! -RRB- We have a 2004 Chrysler Town & Country with the factory installed roof rack . The clips on the latch-down belts that you have to wrap around the rack do not fit between the bottom of the rack and the car ! For that reason , we were unable to actually use the bag , but it did appear to be of decent quality . Make sure you have half an inch or more between your roof rack and the roof of the car before you get this one !
 I purchased this for our 12 hr drive to vacation . I knew with the price being so low that I was n't getting anything fancy , and I was fine with that . I also knew this was not waterproof , and packed all my stuff in giant ziplock storage bags so it would n't get wet . It did rain for maybe a half hour on our drive , and when we arrived to our destination and when we opened the cargo bag , we realized that the interior of the bag disintegrated from that little bit of rain . Little bitty pieces of chipped off ` water-resistant ' material went EVERYWHERE when we opened up the cargo bag to unpack . All over carpet in condo , all over ziplocks . Good thing I used the ziplocks , as they were more durable than this piece of JUNK ! To be honest , I 'm a bit disappointed with Amazon for even carrying this product . I trust the quality of their products , and this was a total fail . Will return ASAP . My advice ? Spend $ 10 more and get a waterproof cargo bag .
 So we used this exactly as instructed , and only filled it 3/4 of its capability . The straps came loose , the material ripped in several spots , and the inside shed material all over our stuff . I am very disappointed with this product . It was n't even worth the 25 $ . We had to tape the straps and rips halfway home to ensure it made it . Ridiculous !
 I have a 2008 Prius without any sort of roof rack . I purchased the 15 cu . ft. Roof Bag and installed it with no real issues . Then it started to rain -- the straps soak up the water and transport it to the interior of the car , where it drips all over the seats . This is completely unacceptable ! To add insult to injury , I ca n't get in touch with their customer service department . The recording either states their business hours -LRB- which I called well within -RRB- or that all their representatives are busy , then asks you to leave a message , and that 's it .
 Bag ripped up on first use only traveling 500 miles . The wind shred it like knives into butter . Do n't waste your money !
 If you think having a large piece of metal hurtling around inside your car in an accident is a good idea , you should consider this product . Otherwise look elsewhere .
 The product photo display depicts 2 ea . tube , an o-ring and a pressure coupler . Package had only 1 ea . tube in package . Pictures by sellers can be deceiving .
 this part is garbage . after installing this fuel pump in my car -LRB- 69 firebird 400 which previously had the holley red fuel pump -RRB- it could not make more than 3 psi . Checked everything
 In the picture it shows every thing you need to install it on your car but it dose not come with a plate witch cost an extra 100.00 + This is not a good deal you can get all you need cheeper some were else . I 'm very disapointed
 unfortunately , I received 2 lefts or for further clarification , 2 driver 's side flares and no passenger side . to complicate matters the installer decided to install the passenger side first and then discovered operator # 38 's error in packing . the driver 's side went on perfectly , but then he went back to the installed one and gerryrig it to fit properly.when I informed amazon of this I was advised there were no more in stock and that I should contact bushwacker myself . not a very satisfactory way to handle a situation -- in my opinion . after several wranglings via emails , amazon offered me a $ 49.00 credit on the order , which I accepted because the installer 's job was not so bad as to be noticeable unless you were going to a car show , and I wanted to put the matter to rest .
 We received the charger in a timely manner with little to no damage from shipping . However , the charger did not work . We had to trouble shoot the unit and found internal wiring not connected . I spent my anticipated savings correcting the assembly problem . Even after all this , I will continue to purchase on-line .
 This product functional but is unattractive I preferred my $ 29.00 Pep Boys cover which wore out in 30 days as apposed to the cost of these seat covers .
 works but already had to put 2 batteries in it and have not had it more than a month . not worth it !
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 I ordered the AutoXray 700 as a Goldbox deal . Only when I inserted the CD that came with the unit did I discover that the CD does not have codes for vehicles manufactured later than 2003 . The AutoXray 700 CodeScout is a DISCONTINUED PRODUCT and does NOT have manufacturer support for updating the code list in the manual for vehicles newer than 2003 . The only way to access codes is through the AutoXray website , which means you must have an Internet connection and computer available when you are working on the vehicle.When I contacted customer support I was told that this unit ONLY READS `` P '' codes . It does not read B , C or U codes.Further , the unit does NOT READ manufacturer specific codes -- only the SAE codes **** Nowhere on the Amazon website , on the packaging , or in the user manual does it say that the unit ONLY READS SAE P codes . **** The product is being returned to Amazon as mislabeled and misleading .
 Over the years I have purchased many dozens of electronic and mechanical items from Amazon and this is only the third time that I have used their excellent return process . I can see this product being fairly rated with four stars if you own a vehicle between 1996 and 2006 , use windows 98/XP operating system , and got the daily deal price that I did . But even at the daily deal price , it was just too lacking in features and had severely outdated and crappy software . I opted to return it and look for a deal on a better unit .
 Bought this code reader because it was on a lightning deal.This tool will read generic codes and comes with a small book that lists what the generic codes are . This DOES read car specific codes . It comes with software that you can put your car make/model/year into along with the code and the software will tell you what the code means . For example my car threw out P0420 -LRB- Generic - Read out of included book -RRB- and P1456 -LRB- Manufacturer Specific - desribed with the included additional software -RRB- This item CAN delete codes , with the closest auto zone being 30 minutes away and the cost being 30 $ this has already paid for itself in gas.Shipping was slow . Placed order on July 23rd -LRB- Monday -RRB- item did not leave facility until the 27th and was delivered on the 31st , a trip which 1 way is 2 hours 30 minutes . So in conclusion it took 8 days to move this item 2 hours and 30 minutes away.For the cons . When installing the software my virus protection notified me of spyware it detected . Being more technically savvy with computers than cars I did a little digging and indeed did find this software contained spyware . Which is a VERY big break of trust with me.If it were not for the spyware included I would highly recommend this product and rate item 5 stars . Item is as described and does what item said it would do . As it stands , I will not rate this item highly because of a company more interested in making money off of my computer habits rather than actualy helping me with my car . Will keep item because I 've computers already been infected and -LRB- hopefully -RRB- eradicated . If your not as tech savvy though I 'd say spend a little more and get a product from a auto company that sticks with what their best at , selling car items , not personal info .
 I bought this product at Wal Mart , because I bought a new set of tires and black magic tire shine that I previously used , was not leaving a high enough gloss . This product looks good when applied , but slings all over the car leaving an oily mess . I thought that maybe i didnt let it dry , so the second time I applied hot shine I let it dry over 12 hours before I drove my car , and when I got out , it was slung all over my ride . I proceeded to throw the bottle away . The only reason I 'm not giving this 1 star , is the fact that it might not stick to my tires . As previously stated Black magic worked well with my bridgestone 's , but not my Michelin 's . The tire shine that I find to be the best are tire gels . They have the deepest , wettest , glossiest shine , that I love and they do n't sling . All of the gels are good , but eagle one tire gel is my favorite .
 After washing our car and our truck twice each -LRB- a total of 4 car-washes , so 16 individual tire applications -RRB- , my bottle is empty . Had to put it on really thick to even notice a difference between dry and `` wet '' tires . I will not be buying this again .
 Meguiar 's products are definitely great products , but i wasnt too happy with this tire spray . It doesnt have the high gloss like some of the other products ive used .
 I thought i was going to have the same results as Black Magic but i was disappointed with the results . it starts off glossy when you spray it but as it dries , the gloss starts to disappear . i tried it out twice to test it on wet tires n dried tires and the results were the same . so im goin back to black magic since it been good to me .
 Meguiar 's 4 Hot Shine High Gloss Tire Spray . 24 oz.Bought this product at Walmart on sale . Used them on my new Michelin tires , after few weeks brown spots start to appear making the tires look unappealing . I Just ordered Armor .
 My experience is that it is not made very well for potenial snags , as earely in my use of the mit I caught it on a fender edge while washing the car and it frayed , and this has continued to occur ; one does not expect a product such as this to start falling apart as it has .
 This hooks on ever piece of trim or gap on the car and then unravels . Only good for washing the wheels , do n't let it touch the car finish or you 'll be left blue string snagged everywhere .
 Bought this mitt thinking it would be a great addition to my car care kit . It works ok but I suspect it wo n't last long . After 3 washes , it 's already deteriorating . The `` loops '' that make up the mitt wash surface catch on the edges of the car and pull out creating long lengths of the loop product . Not well made and not the best of designs . Would not recommend this product . There are better options .
 After charging for days , this unit can not even budge a V6 . It is not rated for the advertised power output -LRB- 400 Amps -RRB- . After repeated emails , the manufacturer appears to have no interest in helping me utilize the unit .
 We have a '99 VW Golf GTI , which regularly fails to start due to battery problems . -LRB- Apparently this is a regular problem with VWs - they are handing out solar panels to charge the battery when parked . I guess that makes the Golf a solar-gasoline hybrid car :0 -RRB- . Anyway , I bought a replacement jumpstarter because I misplaced my previous one . This Amico models simply fails to start the engine - too weak . I 'll have to buy a different model .
 this product did n't work as i expected at all did n't hold a charge cables were so short as to be inpractial poor product an design
 They use a very cheap gel battery in this unit that is meant to cover you for the warranty period but no longer . At exactly 13 months it died on us and never worked again . We ended up buying the Clore ES2500KE to replace it and it 's like night and day.The Clore never misses a jump , we 've dropped it in the mud , on rocks , and banged it around in the back of a pickup and now over a year later the Clore is still going strong . Skip this headache . You 'll be glad you did .
 I bought these item it workded fine for awhile and then I could not charge it backup . So I bought another one , Not these one had it for severly month and it is just great.Bad News Do Not Buy !
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 I like 3 in 1 oil but I hate this dispenser . My biggest complaint is with the nozzle that has a pull-on push-off style tip that gets easier and easier to operate with time . After using it a while the mechanism quickly becomes worn and then the slightest pressure on the tip will cause it to close . In practice this means that I have to keep the tip hovering over the work because the moment it touches , the oil stops flowing .
 I thought this container was terribly designed right from the first use . However , tonight I noticed a definitive 3-in-1 smell in my office and found that it magically started leaking up and out the top of the spout . The bottle has n't been touched/moved in many months , so who knows the driving force behind the leak -LRB- temperature cycle ? -RRB- . I miss the metal container . When I get to the store , I will be buying a non 3-in-1 product as my own personal statement against horrible engineering ...
 I had one of these . The oil is fine , but after a few months , the bottle leaked and the oil ended up everywhere . I never damaged the bottle so it must be made with the wrong plastic or something.Going back to a metal can .
 I second all these negative reviews . This can works a few times and then fails . Oil comes out of all the the connections except the tip.3-in-One is a fine oil . Save yourself some heartbreak . Buy the big 3-in-1 can with the ordinary tip for $ 3 less . Then use the $ 3 you save to buy a metal can with an extended tip -- the cheapest one with a reasonable amazon rating . I found many with the search string `` oil can '' . Then just empty some of the oil from the large can into it . That will give you an extended tip with some control and the original 3-in-1 can with its convenient short tip that will suit most needs .
 The telescoping spout is an abject disaster
 I received a shipping box full of oil . Oil on the receipt , packaging , everywhere . It reeked ! Lesson learned . Do n't buy things like this through the mail . This could have been avoided if care was taken to actually close the cap before shipping ! Not good . Enough said .
 I 've used 3-in-1 oil since 1955 . It 's a good product but this container with its telescoping spout is a bad idea . I 'm not sure why it telescopes , since my arms works pretty well in that regard , but the real difficulty is with the shut-off nozzle at the tip . If you touch the tip to the item you 're oiling , it depresses the shut-off valve , defeating the purpose of the dispenser . If you 're doing something like oiling a bicycle chain you need three hands - one to rotate the chain , one to hold and squeeze the oil container , and third to keep the tip from retracting . The original metal can is much easier to use . I will continue to use 3-in-1 oil but will not purchase it in this container .
 As others have said , this 3-In-One 10034 Multi-Purpose Oil Bottle with Telescoping Spout drips oil everywhere . Even though this bottle looks like it should work well , the metal can works better .
 3-in-one oil is an old brand and the oil itself is fine . Just a regular fine penetrating oil . The can with the telescoping spout is a disaster . This has to be the least ergonomic oil container in existance . There is no way that I can find to despense the oil with out using two hands on the container . That leaves no free hand to hold any small item to be oiled . Please bring back the old flat sided metal can that clicks out the oil when you squeeze it .
 Three In One Oil is a great product , I 've been using it since I was a kid . I needed to replace my old metal can as it was nearly dry , and made the mistake of purchasing this product.The engineer who invented the spout on this product should be fired AND exiled to a desert island . There are no instructions on how to use the spout , whether to cut it -LRB- as one would with the old containers -RRB- or just pull the top off . When I tried to pull the top off it would n't come off at all . I had to use two sets of needle nose pliers to separate the top from the oiling tube that you eventually figure out is down inside the container.The container appears to be like an old fashioned oil can where you push on the bottom to get oil out . In fact the plastic container is hard enough to deflect bullets . If you have arthritis or weak hands forget squeezing out any significant quantity of oil.Buy Three In One Oil , but steer WAY clear of this container .
 Fortunately I have n't wasted my money buying my 3-in-One oil in this dispenser.I have been using 3-in-One oil for over 60 years with great satisfaction.I was visitng my 94 year old mother and she asked me to oil the hinges on her back door . She produced the subject 3-in-one dispenser for me to use.Wherever she purchased it , it was the only 3-in-oil oil dispenser they carried.What a joke . A straw is unnecessary for most uses of 3-in-one oil .
 3-in-1 oil is indispensable whenever you have anything mechanical around . However , when you combine the oil with this cheaply-made , poorly designed bottle , you get oil that is un-dispensable . The telescoping feature seems like a good idea , but then you realize that you have to use it , or no oil comes out . The tube will always be covered in oil , so it makes a mess . The red plastic cap is poorly sealed , and the tip falls off or comes open , leaking oil everywhere.Get this in a different package and you will not regret it .
 This item had no smell at all when I opened the pakage . I do not know if it was just old stock or what but it had no oder what so ever.It does look cool hanging from my mirror but it is not an airfreshner.If you are looking for an airfreshner do not buy this one .
 These devices have a smaller diameter than my car 's lighter sockets , and in the case of a lighter socket behind a door , are too long to shut the door .
 I do n't mind that it does n't look exactly like the advertised pic.It does fit into the socket of the car I chose before buying this product.That 's a plus.The minus
 It did work when I got it , and it did work for three , maybe four months after I got it . Then , one day , it not only quit working , but the heating element started coming uncoiled and caused a blown fuse.I would n't have thought that a replacement cigarette lighter for a car would be a science akin to building a space shuttle , as there is no real rocket science involved . However , it might be worth your while to spend a few extra bucks and go to your OEM for a replacement if you need one .
 This does not fit my BMW 135I Convertible . Very disappointing . Now I will need to buy a BMW lighter that probably costs way too much : -LRB-
 Made in China junk will not stay in at all must hold in to heat up . Not worth my time or money to return .
 This lighter was so big it got stuck when we tried to put it in and now it wont come out !
 I ordered the lighter because of the picture in the ad showing a ring at the end of the sleeve quite clearly . The lighter I received had the same number , but was not even close enough to be mistaken for the one pictured . Beware , all pop outs are not interchangable . Did not work for me .
 It is too small in diameter to work in my car , a 2005 Saturn ION , door.The price is great , delivery time very good but it is n't worth the time andmoney to return it for a refund .
 Hi i was really interested in the westin step side for my truck.But when i saw the shippers shipping rate of 250.00 i feel off my seat . # 1 I know for a fact the step sides are not more then 20lbs for one so you would think 40lbs plus maybe 10 lbs for matt . Sorry no way am i paying 250 for shipping and i ` m shore most of the people out their shopping will not pay that either thanks anyway.Bruce
 We ordered this cooler a year ago and they kept saying it was on back order . Well ... how far back .
 Unfortunately , this product is Made in Taiwan , and is no better that the cheaper brands from major auto parts stores . Returned and purchased from Toyota .
 This a multipack of different door lock clips that are supposed to be applicable to the tailgate handle of a 2007 GMC Sierra . This is n't entirely untrue but is n't really the case either . After 15 minutes of fooling around with three or four of the clips I finally managed to get one of them to work . My suggestion is to go to the dealership and pay for the GMC replacement .
 I purchased this product , because my tail gate clip was broke , . They only had an assortment pack . The colors did not match , what was there and the plastic did not fit through the holes , in the tailgate rods . I suggest going to the dealer , like I did last time and save a pain , in the butt ! The few dollars I saved was not worth it . Not to mention , the shipping was as much as the parts and it came , in a small envelope !
 Note that this gasket has adhesive on one side for easier installation . No drama with the install.The gaskets are very thin . They come in a pack of ten , which , I guess the buyer should beware of anything this cheap . Four times I put one on the tStat housing , each time coolant still leaked . When I pulled the tStat housing off to replace the gasket I had just put on , it was this wet mess , like wet newspaper , with no integrity . Should n't the designers have expected that this thing would come into contact with coolant ???? I did all sorts of RTV applications to protect the gasket and provide a seal . Nothing worked . I got a thick gasket . Leak solved.These gaskets are only good for a tech school that teaches gasket replacement . I can pull a Ford 302 thermostat housing off in 5 minutes thanks to this gasket -LRB- including removing the serpentine belt -RRB- . -LRB- I have had so much practice . -RRB- For a car your family depends on , find another gasket .
 Good feel to it , looks nice -LRB- do n't think there 's any real carbon fiber on it -RRB- , the attachment process is a complete joke . What a piece . It comes w / 3 flimsy plastic inserts -LRB- half inch of very flimsy thread engagement -RRB- . To install you pick the one that is closest to your threaded shaft , and self-tap the thing on . I stripped the threads without even knowing i 'd hit bottom , and I was trying to be careful.I will have to lathe and tap an aluminum insert to make this thing work . So , for the price you should be able to pay a machinist to fix it for you , right ? I will have to . nothing worse than a loose shifter knob , and it already is and I have n't driven with it yet .
 Installed on a 2003 Nissan Altima to replace the factory knob that cracked apart . This knob sits way higher than the factory knob , which caused the boot to ride up and separate from the console only a couple weeks after installation.I ran into the same issue as the previous reviewer as well . The threads stripped and I have been driving with a loose knob for a few years now -LRB- I never bothered to get it machined like the other reviewer -RRB- . After a few years , the carbon fiber paint has started to rub and flake off , and the red plastic underneath is starting to show through .
 Description states `` complies with California 's AB1953 Low Lead Laws '' , yet the back of the package has CA Prop 65 warning , `` This product contains chemicals , including lead , ... '' . Does n't appear to be nfs61 compliant . Not intended for potable water ?
 As a check valve it seems to work well . The product description gave me the impression this was made to fit on the end of your rv hookup hose . It is not so . It took a fair number of adapters and by the time I added a pressure regulator , -LRB- which is hose thread -RRB- I ended up with an 8 inch long frankensteined looking thing . In short it can be made to work but not as sold .
 They will tell you only one in stock but when you order and pay and the money comes out - you get a NON SINCERE EMAIL THAT STATES ... Back Order - Very misleading - Especially when I could have chosen another company ! HORRIBLE COMPANY ! I was getting a Christmas Present for my son and they did this to me . HORRIBLE !
 This is another piece of Chinese junk that is invading our markets . It did not work when it arrived because the plug did not extend far enough to contact the center of the 12 volt power receptacle . I attempted to repair it as I needed it for a trip I was taking the next day . The tip did not unscrew as it was supposed to and I had to purchase another plug . It still did not work after a new plug was added . This was a complete waste of time and money and I would n't bother purchasing this item .
 I bought a 4X4 Posi Lok for my low mileage Suburban . The stock actuator failed at the worst time possible . The OEM components were a little more expensive , so a reliable mechanical setup seemed like a good idea . Wrong . I recieved the correct kit that was missing parts . I called the manufacturer , whose rep was friendly the first time , but after not recieving anything for two weeks , I called again and he became surly and informed me he 'd probably sent the parts , but that may have been the other guy that needed components to complete his kit ! My vehicle was out of service over a month , whereas OEM components could have been installed in a few hours.Do not waste your time and money on 4X4 Posi Lok , go to the dealer and get the right parts the first time .
 this package doesnt include armrest , when i recieved this shipment , i compained amazon about missing part and they send me replace shipmentbut in replacement shipment as well this piece is missing , i called amazon and they are not sure if it is part of this packageBad part - armrest is missing so uselessGood part - It is from amazon so no issue in refund/return -LRB- best part of amazon -RRB-
 Very inaccurate and will read level until you really tip them . They also get stuck in place and you have to tap them to get the ball moving . The adhesive is useless and when I went to screw them in they cracked under the lightest pressure . If they were n't so cheap , I would take the time to send them back . Now they are just headed for the trash and I have two holes in my trailer for nothing . : -LRB-
 This set of levels seemed to be quite good in construction . However , the adhesive tape did not last one full week before they were lost to the road somewhere . I suppose I should have screwed them down , but my buddy has another manufactures version that he had attached to his camper over a year ago with just the adhesive tape backing provided and they are still there . The surface area was thoroughly cleaned and minor scuffing to ensure adherence but ... Off to find the version my partner used . This turned out to be a waste of money for me .
 A couple of days after I put these on my camper , they filled up with condensate . Get a better product . Do not buy these .
 Bought one of these for my RV . Found that they are not precise at all . A cheap level from the hardware store beats these . The RV could be as much as 10 degrees out of level and the ball would still be resting at level . Found some water/bubble levels at an RV dealer that work much better .
 I have n't installed yet , but on one level in the package , I discovered that there is a piece of loose plastic in the track that the metal ball travels in , this causes the ball to stick and not move at all.Perfect case of Quality control missed it , but then WTF do you expect it was made in China.Now I have to contact Camco and try to get a warranty replacement , or just go buy something locally as they are pretty cheap and probally not worth the hastle to get replacement.Other than that if you install them correctly with screws and not the stick on backing they will be fine and `` Precise Enough '' for most applications .
 These are absolute junk . I ordered two sets . One package a level was missing the ball and the other package one level had a burr inside that would n't let it work right . Also they are noisy they are not glycol filled just air , so the ball rattles around . I was going to use them on a machine to help set rough grade will get filled gauges instead . A product I would suggest is a digital angle meter level .
 You would have to be so far off that items would roll of of your counter before these would be handy . Do n't use them at all anymore .
 They will indicate the correct angle if your the Titanic just before it went under the waves but outside of that its junk . They will be un-glued and replace with something much better . Dont waste your % % % % % % % % % .
 DO N'T BUY THESE . YOU COULD SLEEP ON A HILLSIDE AND THEY WOULD SAY YOU ARE LEVEL.AFTER THE FIRST OUTING I RETURNED AND BOUGHT THE GREEN LEVELS WITH A BUBBLE I HAVE N'T INSTALLED YET BUT KNOW THEY WILL WORK BETTER.THESE ARE A WASTE OF TIME
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 It has no anti-skip memory . Both normal and MP3 CDs skip . The USB port does n't recognize there 's anything plugged into it most of the time . I 've tried several different flash drives . USB playback is choppy if your mp3s are high quality -LRB- 320Kbps -RRB- . If they 're lower quality than that , it will play fine . There are no next/previous folder buttons . Navigating an mp3 CD with just next/previous track and the + / - 10 tracks buttons is annoying . With a normal CD , it will remember where you left off and resume next time you turn the car on . With MP3 CDs , it starts over from the beginning every time . It is not worth the retail price of over $ 200 . I am happy with it because I only paid $ 60 for the unit and installed it myself .
 When I went to mount this to the trailer I could move it a 1/4 inch before the ball would move that would have been about 1 inch out of level on the camper guess that would have been consider OK since it was made in China .
 This is an okay portable 12v compressor . The connectors are 3/8 , rather than the much-more-common 1/4 size , so if you have any other hoses or accessories , they 're unlikely to work with this device . I found the included connector for tire inflating hard to use -LRB- compared to most others -RRB- and because of the straight geometry , I ca n't use it for inflating the small tires -LRB- such as on a stroller or child 's bicycle -RRB- .
 Keep in mind that this is the same sort of compressor that comes included with batteries in more expensive , heavier units . Can it fill your car tires ? Yes , if you can wait ... and wait . It will not fill your car tires to 30 psi in just a few moments . It will get just over 20 psi and then it will bog down . It looks like a good grade electrical compressor , but it struggles at what it does . I have a 125-pound tank that I 've attached these to and it never gets over 60 psi ... and it takes a long time to get there . So do n't expect miracles from this little guy . Small tires , okay , but larger tires , better get something better .
 I thought I was ordering the large size that would cover the entire cargo area of my Jeep . But you must read the FINE print that this is a single seat cover ! UGH ! I wish they would show a picture of EXACTLY what you are ordering and not a picture of something they do n't even carry ! Talk about false advertising ! I am so upset that I wasted my money on this item.Worst part about it is that if I do put it on the passenger seat and my dog sits on the cover it is so slick and slippery he slips right off and into my dashboard ! And if I apply the breaks while driving he get slammed into the dashboard.This product is actually DANGEROUS to your pet .
 After I purchased this , I felt like it was a waste of money . A blanket would have done just as well . I had a number of problems.First
 Pros
 I have a t bucket with dual carbs . The carbs and air cleaners are in plain sight so I wanted knew `` white '' filters for the season . Local store only could get one . I ordered another from amazon and it was the correct number and size , however , it was in an older and dusty box . The filter element was different in appearance and yellowish . I could n't use it !
 Simply put , I was unhappy with these headers because of the workmanship , difficulty in installation and in the end the I could n't get the Driver side to fit my 1980 Camaro.On the Passenger side I had to remove the Starter , the Dip Stick , the cross-member behind the lower A-arm and remove the wiring that was in the bolted on shroud in that area . Since I am making a Drag Race car out of this vehicle I had already stripped out the AC/Heater components . I seriously doubt I would have been able to get the Passenger side header in had I not removed the AC/Heater components . And I mean everything about the Heater/AC was removed from the fire wall.On the Driver side however , the header did not fit . It hits the same cross member support located behind the lower A-Arm and it hits on the Oil Filter . If I remove both items to install the header , I 'll never get the oil filter back on.Lastly , for some unknown reason , the pipe leaving the # 3 cylinder had been intentionally dented . And I mean a big enough dent to affect performance . I did n't know at the time why this was . I assumed it was for clearance of something else on the engine in that area . But nope . No reason . Fabrication error ? I do n't know . They also over `` dented '' for one bolt entrance on the inside bend of one of the pipes.In closing , I am shocked with Hooker and disappointed in these Headers .
 Bought item and installed easily , after my first fifty mile trip arrived to find out that the handle fell off and it fell apart , will never buy again !!!!!
 These are so thin that they have warped and are coming loose from the sun . My truck is garaged most of the time . Very disappointed .
 The poor stamped forming of this part caused the two bushings which bolt to the frame to be significantly wider the the OE part . I would guess that the overall width of this part was 3/16 '' or 1/4 '' wider which made it nearly impossible to fit my vehicle -LRB- custom modification was necessary -RRB- . I was also disappointed with the right hand side of this same part . Although the width was ok , the alignment of the two bushings which bolt to the frame was not correct . They should be axial , however they were not and it took almost all of travel from the swivel in order to be installed.I do not intend to buy another Beck Arnley aftermarket part .
 Be aware you do n't need this adapter for the bed extender that you can buy with the 2012 Nissan Frontier King Cab . Everything I read online before buying said `` you 'll need this adapter '' but it turns out not to be true , at least in my case .
 Had an older travel trailer with the same type of connection ... but when I got this package , it seemed be just a hair too small to hook to my dump valve . Thought maybe it was just a tight fit -LRB- cause noone wants that stuff to spray out -RRB- so I put a little elbow grease into putting it on and SNAP the hook fitting broke off ... now I bought a different setup from a local store fit perfect and came with a rubber gasket that seals it great , for about the same price .
 `` Heavy Duty '' ? I think not!This hose failed the second time we used it . The material is about as thick as celophane . I 'd send it back , but the Post Office takes a dim view of sending hazardous materials.Spend the extra money and get a hose that is genuinely `` Heavy Duty '' .
 The product calculator states these brakes will fit a 1996 Honda Civic ... they do n't . Going to other websites , they agree in my assessment . The only 1996 Honda these brakes support is an Accord EX . Beware !!
 i instal this starter in my car and i have all kind of noises when i start the car , i bought this starter bicous it was written prim um quality , and this starter is not good
 Was replacing an older set of rails from a different company . Took a lot of time to prep the bed and clean with solvent . Applied all the included tape plus another 16 feet of trim tape from the auto parts store and they lasted 3 days in april before bending and warping all over the place . Now of course that it is over 110 degrees in Las Vegas they are only much much worse . Next time it is spray in bed liner or nothing .
 It was great while it lasted in the Houston heat -- until I forgot to turn it off when I left my office one evening . Next morning , it did n't work . The warranty had a notice that the warranty was void if the cushion was left on for more than 12 hours . Seems to me a single timing chip that costs less than a dollar would have avoided the problem .
 We have never tried the heating partion of this product , but I purchased it for my hot-natured husband who was spending long periods of time in an un-air conditioned truck . The product provided no relief . I now understand why there are plent of these labeled as ` gently used ' on auction sites . This was a total waste of money for us .
 Easy install , easy uninstall . Opened window on freeway and it blew off . Lucky it did not cause an accident behind me.Piece of CRAP .
 it seem to be ok i have not used it my spring set up did not work how ever it did seem to be a nice quality
 The heating element did n't work at all . The massaging controls worked well . Even though a bit noisy , you get used to them . I returned this for a different product . I ordered the Wagan IN9738-5 , also from Amazon , as the replacement and it 's great !
 I used the previous reviews before buying this which were really useful.The product was awesome for the first two weeks , then the padding must have softened up or something , as the vibrator/motor ? in the back pad really started to protrude through & feel really uncomfortable on my spine , even when switched off -LRB- not in use -RRB- . It 's too uncomfortable to use now , shame as until then it seemed awesome.I guess you get what you pay for something ! Next time i 'd probably research and invest a lot more $ 's in one .
 My heated seat stopped working . I thought this would suffice . Made sit higher , which I did n't like and the heat did n't work . The massage was wonderfull tho .
 This product was a gift for my wife . While the vibrating back worked the heated portion did not . I of course had to send it back and have not heard from anyone as to how I will be compensated .
 This cushion seems to have been very cheaply built . It 's uncomfortable to sit on because the vibrators poke into your back . The heat is weak . The vibration was actually kind of nice while it was on . 1 week after we had this , the cigarrette lighter charger broke . I 'm not even going to waste my time trying to replace it or have it fixed . Junk .
 This item was ordered for one 3000 mile trip . 1500 down to FL and 1500 back to NH . The heat and vibration aspects get a four out of five and are still working well as of this writing . The method of securing this to the car seat gets a one because there is no zero . The first of the two seat back straps broke at 500 miles . The remaining one is still working but is insufficient to hold this in place . The straps for holding the bottom portion to the seat are absolutely useless and are the cheapest thing in the construction . It should also be noted that there is no way to enter and exit the vehicle that allows the cushion to remain in place . A woman with a silk dress could n't do it . If you are flexible enough to climb out of the sunroof and lower yourself back in the same way , then the cushion MIGHT stay in place . I however , am not that flexible so be prepared to spend another five minutes of adjusting after every gas stop . Duck taping or super gluing the cushion to the actual car seat could work but ... really !
 Bought this as a gift , the heat never worked ... and that was the main reason I bought it . `` Massage/vibrate '' function did work though . Too much of a hassle to repack and ship things back sometimes ...
 bought this for someone for christmas . it does not massage , it vibrates . no heat that i can feel .
 The massager works fine but heating does n't work . It does n't get heated even after keeping it on for hours.I would n't recommend this product for it 's heating feature .
 although it fit good , snugly , had good cushioning & vibration ; the heat portion was dissapointing . Even though it was on for an hour , I could n't feel any more than when I pulled it out of the box .
 Do n't buy this product as a seat warmer ! Its heater is way too weak . The problem is that it heats AND massages . Since both can be on simultaneously , its maximum heat wattage must be low to avoid blowing the car 's fuse . I bought it for its battery-saving , automatic , heater shut-off , but I sent it back after I gamely tried it for two days in two cars . The shut-off , which turns off the heater when there is no weight on the seat , is a terrific idea for people with cars whose 12V plug remains on when the car key is removed , but someone needs to sell an automatic-shut-off seat warmer without a massage -LRB- and with adequate heating like the far cheaper heat-only versions -RRB- . Without the messaging mechanism it would also be far more comfortable . I 'd buy two of those !
 We got this as a gift for a friend . When she used it the massager part worked great but the heating element did not even come on at all . Looking for a new brand .
 I had to return this product because while I liked the heat component the vibration was more annoying than helpful . It does have a few sections that you can individually select to vibrate , but I found with even just one on it was too much for my sensitive body . I also found the vibration pads in the seat under my thigh were large enough to be noticeable to me , making my legs feel lifted uncomfortably .
 The on/off switch broke within five minutes . I used a rubber band to keep it running . The upper massage motor sat on my spine , after a week of beltway traffic the padding compressed to the point that it just hurt .
 This product is a waste of money , it is a plastic sheet with garden hose running through it . Do n't be fooled by the misleading technical details . The good news is that it shipped quickly and it was folded up real nice . Garden hose was high quality green hose .
 This is nothing more then a very thin plastic tarp that tares easily . You are better off spending $ 10 at Home Depot for a tarp and $ 7 for a garden hose and making the same thing yourself , which would be much more durable and far cheaper . Esthetically this car mat is nicer but fairly priced , only worth about $ 20 retail .
 I received the product and tried to unroll it . It 's cold in Connecticut right now . The floor protector would not flatten out . The on-line description does NOT mention that their directions state to unroll the protector in the sun at a temperature of 90F . Also , the temperature has to be a minimum of 50F to apply a tire abrasion pad to the protector . Their instructions state the garage floor has to be defect free and vacuumed to prevent stones , etc. from damaging the protector ! OK - what about all of the sand and small stones that fall off of the car with the ice and snow after winter driving!I RETURNED this defective product - it would not unroll and flatten out . I suspect that even if I was able to install it , it would be quickly damaged due to driving over it with small stones , etc. that accumulate with each snow storm .
 This product is a waste of money , it is a plastic sheet with garden hose running through it . Do n't be fooled by the misleading technical details . The good news is that it shipped quickly and it was folded up real nice . Garden hose was high quality green hose .
 This is nothing more then a very thin plastic tarp that tares easily . You are better off spending $ 10 at Home Depot for a tarp and $ 7 for a garden hose and making the same thing yourself , which would be much more durable and far cheaper . Esthetically this car mat is nicer but fairly priced , only worth about $ 20 retail .
 I received the product and tried to unroll it . It 's cold in Connecticut right now . The floor protector would not flatten out . The on-line description does NOT mention that their directions state to unroll the protector in the sun at a temperature of 90F . Also , the temperature has to be a minimum of 50F to apply a tire abrasion pad to the protector . Their instructions state the garage floor has to be defect free and vacuumed to prevent stones , etc. from damaging the protector ! OK - what about all of the sand and small stones that fall off of the car with the ice and snow after winter driving!I RETURNED this defective product - it would not unroll and flatten out . I suspect that even if I was able to install it , it would be quickly damaged due to driving over it with small stones , etc. that accumulate with each snow storm .
 This product is a waste of money , it is a plastic sheet with garden hose running through it . Do n't be fooled by the misleading technical details . The good news is that it shipped quickly and it was folded up real nice . Garden hose was high quality green hose .
 This is nothing more then a very thin plastic tarp that tares easily . You are better off spending $ 10 at Home Depot for a tarp and $ 7 for a garden hose and making the same thing yourself , which would be much more durable and far cheaper . Esthetically this car mat is nicer but fairly priced , only worth about $ 20 retail .
 I received the product and tried to unroll it . It 's cold in Connecticut right now . The floor protector would not flatten out . The on-line description does NOT mention that their directions state to unroll the protector in the sun at a temperature of 90F . Also , the temperature has to be a minimum of 50F to apply a tire abrasion pad to the protector . Their instructions state the garage floor has to be defect free and vacuumed to prevent stones , etc. from damaging the protector ! OK - what about all of the sand and small stones that fall off of the car with the ice and snow after winter driving!I RETURNED this defective product - it would not unroll and flatten out . I suspect that even if I was able to install it , it would be quickly damaged due to driving over it with small stones , etc. that accumulate with each snow storm .
 I installed the product . I called the customer service to check the ends on the cable . I changed one to fit my application , the wrong type of connector -LRB- spade vs , ring -RRB- was on the cable supplied . I left on a trip and the unit stopped working on the second day . I looked at the warranty requirements and i do n't have the origional packing so it appears i am out thye money . Never buy this product .
 By far the most disappointing thing I have ever bought from Amazon.comVinyl itself is very soft and light and flaps around even when you place it on the ground.This cheap piece of viny has a folded edge where you are supposed to insert pieces of supplied garden hose to make the border !!! Do not waste your money on this ... please !!
 The CarPad works fine when new but it did n't last as long as I had hoped.The vinyl dries out and cracks after about 2 or 3 years and then it no longerprovides much value . It would be nicer if they used a better quality vinyl .
 Really , beware of ordering from them.I ordered 2 items - I did receive one , it took almost two months , but OK . As one reviewer wrote , it is heavy plastic with 4 plastic `` hoses . '' You decide if it 's worth $ 180 . Then , when the second item came , 2 months later , it was the wrong item - a small carpad that I can not use . The company nevertheless charged me $ 80 , the price of the item I originally ordered , whereas the item I was sent is priced at $ 38 on their website . I sent 3 emails - no reply . I left several telephone messages . No replies . This was in June . I called again July 19 , another answering machine , no human being . This company has overcharged me for something I never even ordered , and six weeks later they still have not rectified this . I 'm now dealing with Visa to dispute the charge . Carpad seems to be on the brink . Do n't deal with them .
 Really , beware of ordering from them.I ordered 2 items - I did receive one , it took almost two months , but OK . As one reviewer wrote , it is heavy plastic with 4 plastic `` hoses . '' You decide if it 's worth $ 180 . Then , when the second item came , 2 months later , it was the wrong item - a small carpad that I can not use . The company nevertheless charged me $ 80 , the price of the item I originally ordered , whereas the item I was sent is priced at $ 38 on their website . I sent 3 emails - no reply . I left several telephone messages . No replies . This was in June . I called again July 19 , another answering machine , no human being . This company has overcharged me for something I never even ordered , and six weeks later they still have not rectified this . I 'm now dealing with Visa to dispute the charge . Carpad seems to be on the brink . Do n't deal with them .
 i ordered a harley davidson grill for my harley davidson f250 from you and you just sent me the inserts for a grill when i ordered it i was in the impresson that it was the hole grill not just the inserts now i gota order me a new grill that the inserts will fit in i think you need to post alittle more info about your products before you sell them ... . Dale Walton
 I used this twice before it broke . The unit itself is fairly solid but the plastic that holds the black extender clips in place is what keeps breaking . I was shipped one that I had to return because it broke in transit . Now second use and the same piece broke . Yes it has a supposed lifetime warranty but I dont really want to be contacting people for new ones every few weeks during the winter .
 I was hoping this would be a better ` broom ' / ice scraper combo , but I am disappointed . It is made of good quality material , but the ice scraper is n't all that effective , and the broom sweep is not wide enough or thick enough to tackle a lot of snow . The head is tall so it does n't store under the seat very well , so I just hung it on a nail near my vehicle and have used it a couple times to brush the snow off the pickup hood . I 'm only using it until I find a better vehicle sweeper that wo n't scratch the hood .
 The plastic stoppers that hold it in place when extended snapped off the very first time I used it , now it 's junk.I would not tell anyone to buy this product .
 I got this snowplow for winter ... After used it for one month , I noticed that my car 's paint has been badly scratched by the rubber bristles ... Even a polish or buff can not fix my paint on my hood ... I should say , it is real heavy duty , but too hard for your baby vehicle ...
 By far the most disappointing thing I have ever bought from Amazon.comVinyl itself is very soft and light and flaps around even when you place it on the ground.This cheap piece of viny has a folded edge where you are supposed to insert pieces of supplied garden hose to make the border !!! Do not waste your money on this ... please !!
 The CarPad works fine when new but it did n't last as long as I had hoped.The vinyl dries out and cracks after about 2 or 3 years and then it no longerprovides much value . It would be nicer if they used a better quality vinyl .
 Really , beware of ordering from them.I ordered 2 items - I did receive one , it took almost two months , but OK . As one reviewer wrote , it is heavy plastic with 4 plastic `` hoses . '' You decide if it 's worth $ 180 . Then , when the second item came , 2 months later , it was the wrong item - a small carpad that I can not use . The company nevertheless charged me $ 80 , the price of the item I originally ordered , whereas the item I was sent is priced at $ 38 on their website . I sent 3 emails - no reply . I left several telephone messages . No replies . This was in June . I called again July 19 , another answering machine , no human being . This company has overcharged me for something I never even ordered , and six weeks later they still have not rectified this . I 'm now dealing with Visa to dispute the charge . Carpad seems to be on the brink . Do n't deal with them .
 Really , beware of ordering from them.I ordered 2 items - I did receive one , it took almost two months , but OK . As one reviewer wrote , it is heavy plastic with 4 plastic `` hoses . '' You decide if it 's worth $ 180 . Then , when the second item came , 2 months later , it was the wrong item - a small carpad that I can not use . The company nevertheless charged me $ 80 , the price of the item I originally ordered , whereas the item I was sent is priced at $ 38 on their website . I sent 3 emails - no reply . I left several telephone messages . No replies . This was in June . I called again July 19 , another answering machine , no human being . This company has overcharged me for something I never even ordered , and six weeks later they still have not rectified this . I 'm now dealing with Visa to dispute the charge . Carpad seems to be on the brink . Do n't deal with them .
 I ca n't tell you how disappointing this thing has been . Unless there 's a significant ice covering -- like 1/2 inch or more -- on our car , this does nothing . You ca n't use it as a scraper for regular ice because it does n't make good contact with the windows . And it 's not even that great for scraping ice . It works , but so do far cheaper scrapers . The $ 4 scraper from the gas station is just as good for scraping , AND for ice .
 the Rectractable lights out vent shade does NOT retract very well nor does it keep the light out . the shade leaves a gap on the sides that lets light in . It works like a pull down window shade and since we have a thing called gravity here on earth , DUH . A piece of cardboard and a strip of velcro would work much better . On our last travel trailer , I velcro 'd an old political sign -LRB- cut to size using scissors -RRB- and that worked just great . The product has to be screwed onto your existing vent so you will be stuck with extra holes once you throw it out , and you will very soon after installing it.I also bought the
 I guess you get what you pay for , this is one of the least expensive steering wheels Grant offers . The wood looks nice , but the rivets are not flush with the wood . They are indented and makes me wonder if I 'll get splinters in my hand . The spokes are just silver painted and make it look cheap . Overall this just looks a little cheap in my car as I have no silver paint in my interior , I guess it would be okay if your cars has silver in the interior . However , for me it just looks a little too cheap so I 'm returning mine . As far as build quality , it is okay , seems sturdy .
 The blower motor was noisy to begin with ... then the motor burnt out causing thick electrical smoke to fill up the car.Ill be going to get a replacement today , I really hope I got a manufacturing defect.Will try and remember to update this
 You sent us the wrong running boards , we purched full length and you shipped for the cab only . We did n't notice the problem until the mechanic had already installed it .
 Amazon 's description did not correspond to the product we actually received . Unforgivable.This is total bummer not only for the deception but the time and money you need to spend in returning the product -LRB- specially when it weights over the normal items -RRB- .
 This bagpack is ridiculously small . Believe me it can not even fit 1 college book . The description did not say that it is for Elementary School kids . Believe me THIS BAG IS FOR ELEMENTARY SCHOOL KIDS . YES !!! IT IS THAT SMALL . I 'm gave it as a present to my friends cousin , who goes to the elementary school . I am not kidding . The photo is misleading . It is unbelievably small . If you buy , you 'll see .
 The dimensions of this bookbag where not stated . The bookbag is extremely smaller than the photo depicts . I had to pay double shipping sending it back . A big disappointment .
 The timing light failed to function . Connector pins in handle did not appear to be assembled correctly . Screws in housing had heads stripped . Made in the USA , quality of manufacture poor .
 ... as long as you do n't ingest it . Lead sheet by itself does n't cause any health problems . It 's only when you eat it or breathe particles released from grinding or cutting that cause an issue . As an acoustics engineer , we use lead sheet all the time as a means of adding mass damping to ductwork to reduce flow noise . It 's cheap and can be formed to complex shapes pretty well . In a car , this stuff would be most effective in adding mass to large body panels -LRB- doors , trunk floors , etc. -RRB- to reduce the amount of external road noise getting into the car . All they 've done here is package it in a convienent form with adhesive backing and added a hefty markup .
 The thing comes with a warning about installation procedures as it has a literal layer of lead on the thing ! I know that in theory , you put everything on top of it so that it is covered . But , the cabin of a car is generally pretty sealed and I ca n't help but figure some lead is going to get into the cabin air . At least , I 'm not willing to take the chance it wo n't . Maybe it does a great job , but , I still ai n't sticking no lead sheet in the cabin of my car!So , what I 'm going to do is , get a non-lead heat shield from a a heat shield company , like maybe Heatshield Products . And then put some Dynamat or competitor on top of that . It might cost more . Or , it might not , Dynamat products are pricey .
 All I got in return for this was the damage it did to my pocketbook and nothing else . DO N'T WASTE TIME OR MONEY LIKE MYSELF . IF SOME CUSTOM RADIO INSTALLATION PLACE TRY TO TELL YOU DIFFERENT THEIR JUST TRYING TO LINE THEIR POCKETS BUT WHO CAN BLAME THE FOR TRYING TO MAKE A BUCK .
 This may work but be careful and do not buy this for the car metal parts . The directions say
 I bought this to try to clean up and recoat some rust on the frame of my 2005 Wrangler . Spent a great deal of time -LRB- often with the Jeep inconveniently out of service for several days as coatings dried -RRB- scraping , Dremel wire wheeling , applying the product , and top coat painting . Found that in a mere summer month areas were puffing up and discoloring as rust continued to form underneath . Tried on some easily accessible areas to do as perfect prep work as was possible only to find that again within a summer month spots continued to rust and eventually break through . I now suspect that the coating part of this product -LRB- perhaps because it was made to be applied in a water based solution -RRB- may have an affinity for moisture that actually makes rust worse.On the other hand it does sort of bubble and then change colors which gives the impression that it is doing something cool and useful . Also its effectiveness may have a lot to do with the make up of the steel that it is applied to . Having used this and the same paint on other miscellaneous items has shown mixed results with some rusting quickly and others looking good after a few months . I am now leery of any type of rust converter/encapsulator product , though perhaps with other brands or in other situations they work better.I think that a better , more consistent option for my situation would be good cleanup and some common rusty metal primer and appropriate paint -LRB- Rustoleum -RRB- from any hardware or home improvement store . I know that these will typically buy at least a couple years of protection on most surfaces and I can make touchups a part of any work I do.Based on a great deal of research another option is a moisture curing product -LRB- like POR15 and Chassis Saver -RRB- which can work extremely well and last a very long time , but may not always adhere well to smoother or less well prepped surfaces and have limited shelf lives and extreme sensitivity to contamination with moisture . Then there are rubberized undercoatings which can protect well , but can also crack over time , trapping moisture and contaminants . Thick coatings also make it difficult to accurately asses the condition of the metal underneath . I 've also found that some people use an oil , grease , or wax type coating with great success , however these need to be re-applied regularly and will obviously make it difficult to go back to paint or any other coating .
 Going tapless was a bad idea . It only takes a minutes or two to clean the groove and apply the tape . The visors were constantly coming loose . I tried applying my own tape and even glue , but they just would not adhere as nicely as the ones that have adhesive on them . I definitely recommend going with adhesive visors .
 I wish I could give negative stars.This company sent the wrong item and did not refund money . They said that if I remove this bad review they will refund . This was 2 months ago . I recomend you go to a reputable NAPA store where if you have any questions or the part does not fit you can get a full refund . In short do not buy from here . It might be cheaper up front but if the part needs to get sent back you will never see a refund . They do not deserve a single star .
 The glove fit great , but , there is one small problem ... they seem to have a dye on the inside ... my hands get stained blue ... being the gloves are made in China who knows what chemicals could be in the dye . If anyone has had a similar problem feel free to respond with a solution .
 I am very disappointed in these pads . I bought them here and had them installed by my Mechanic . They squealed terribly , and the squeal could n't be corrected by my mechanic . The guards at work used to laugh at me when I arrived at the gate ... It was so bad that I had my mechanic remove them and replace with another brand . He and I both thought these were the OEM pad for my Nissan Quest minivan , so it did n't make much sense.It was longer than the Amazon return period , so I contacted Akebono to get a refund , and they asked me to mail the pads back to them at my expense for inspection . I heard from them that they had received the pads , but got no response on a refund and no answer to subsequent emails . I had the email address for two people at Akebono USA . So , not only was I out the cost of the pads and the cost of paying my mechanic to switch the 3-month old pads , but another $ 10 in shipping and a trip to the shipping place.Very disappointing for me ...
 I ordered one of these for each of my 2 cars . The one for the Town Car is great , but they sent me the wrong one for the second car . I contacted them and am STILL waiting to hear from the company about getting the correct one .
 I am not impressed with these . I did n't receive the wheel chocks pictured . They hard plastic not rubber as stated in the picture . There is no rope tying them together or holes to put one in . I will never order from company again . Could n't return product what a waste of money .
 the Extech EA25 EasyView Hygro-Thermometer and Datalogger funtion properly but we ca n't calibrate the tester and for my company is necesary the calibration .
 Amazon 's `` your garage '' feature would be great - if it was accurate . But it led me to buy this PCV valve , which it claimed was a match for my car , and it most certainly is not . Just go to your local auto parts store and save the hassle and lost money and time .
 FOR SOME REASON RECON DOES N'T FEEL IT NECESSARY TO INCLUDE DIRECTIONS AS TO WIRING . ALSO , ONE OF THE LIGHTS WENT OUT 2 DAYS AFTER THE INSTALL ... RECON WOULD NOT WARRANTY THE PRODUCT BECAUSE I BOUGHT THEM ON AMAZON . ** SIDE NOTE
 I bought these a few years ago after finding them online at Icon 's website . When I first pulled them out of the box , I was highly impressed . They look well made , sturdy , and had a pretty kick @ss look to them . You could tell by looking at them that they 'd hold together well in the event of a crash.The first problem came when I put them on . The boots themselves are so stiff there 's almost no flex what-so-ever to them . If you have to walk , it 's even worse than trying to walk around in ski boots . At first , I thought to myself , `` Hey , these are ` riding ' boots anyway ... It 's not like I plan to do all that much walking in them . `` Then , the second and third and probably most concerning problems were discovered after I took them out for a test ride . Upon mounting the bike , I immediately noticed that from the bottom of the sole to the top of the toe was ENTIRELY too thick and I could n't even get my toe under the shift lever . Okay , no problem ! Five minutes with some tools , I adjusted my rearsets and could get my toe under the shift lever . Sort of ... -LRB- Note
 I am torn because I really like the way these boots look . However , my foot could not fit under the shifter . These may be true to their name , Field Armor , not sport bike racing ... . I wear a size 9 and took a chance on a 9.5 . That was a mistake , I should have gotten a 10 because they apparently run small . Wasted my money on these , but they sure look impressive .
 Purchased a pair size 11 of Icon Field Armor boots 2 years ago.Pros
 Stitches fell out after 8-10 rides . Quality is very and very low ... Do n't get confused by its look , safety first !
 These wipers are real junk ! I got them because of a mail-in rebate buy 1 get 1 free but even that way they do n't cost their money at all . Very inconsistant , do n't do the job at all even as a brand new . They leave the winshield blured and you 'll be in trouble in a rainy days . I will never buy from this brand again and my advise to you is to do the same ...
 These wipers are very streaky . I have had these wipers for two days , and they have gotten progressively more streaky . When I first put them on , and tried them out in the rain -LRB- Seattle , WA -RRB- , they worked good for the first 15 minutes . After that , the first streak appeared . Later , the next day , I have several streaks . I checked the wiper to see if some debris was causing the streaks , only to have my fingers come away from the wipers all covered in black . Ergo , as well as being streaky , they are disintegrating .
 I bought these a few years ago after finding them online at Icon 's website . When I first pulled them out of the box , I was highly impressed . They look well made , sturdy , and had a pretty kick @ss look to them . You could tell by looking at them that they 'd hold together well in the event of a crash.The first problem came when I put them on . The boots themselves are so stiff there 's almost no flex what-so-ever to them . If you have to walk , it 's even worse than trying to walk around in ski boots . At first , I thought to myself , `` Hey , these are ` riding ' boots anyway ... It 's not like I plan to do all that much walking in them . `` Then , the second and third and probably most concerning problems were discovered after I took them out for a test ride . Upon mounting the bike , I immediately noticed that from the bottom of the sole to the top of the toe was ENTIRELY too thick and I could n't even get my toe under the shift lever . Okay , no problem ! Five minutes with some tools , I adjusted my rearsets and could get my toe under the shift lever . Sort of ... -LRB- Note
 I am torn because I really like the way these boots look . However , my foot could not fit under the shifter . These may be true to their name , Field Armor , not sport bike racing ... . I wear a size 9 and took a chance on a 9.5 . That was a mistake , I should have gotten a 10 because they apparently run small . Wasted my money on these , but they sure look impressive .
 Purchased a pair size 11 of Icon Field Armor boots 2 years ago.Pros
 All in all not that much stronger than the factory hitch as it relies strictly on the frame mounts and you give up the bumper mount . If you want a true hitch upgrade get the Reese TowBeast , you 'll be much happier .
 The wind blows this cover off my car every single day . If it were n't for the cable lock , this cover would have blown out of my neighborhood and into the ocean long ago . It 's a good material , but it desperately needs more gromments and bungee cords to hold it on the car . I find it hard to believe that BMW would create an outdoor car cover that is only effective when the weather is perfect , but that 's what they did here . Shop elsewhere , you 'll be disappointed with this one .
 Add said ceramic header , shows a picture of a ceramic header , but recieved a black header with no collector flanges . I was VERY dissapointed when I opened the box . I could hav bought these black headers from the local speed shop for the same price maybe cheaper .
 Received the wrong item ans it 's been almost 2 weeks since it was picked up and I still have n't received my refund . This was a Christmas gift for my step father and I have n't been able to give it too him . You ruined Christmas .
 Works just as it should . But has internal short circuit that weakens spark for the wire it 's attached to , the result is that the engine does n't run smoothly or at the correct speed when the light is attached . This might not be a problem with larger motors , however it makes it basically worthless on my 3-cyl Geo metro . My advice is just spend the extra 10 dollars and get one with an inductive pick-up as attaching the sensor lead to the spark plug wire is kinda a PITA too .
 Everything was great with Amazon except the timing light did n't work when it showed up . I returned it to Amazon and they quickly refunded my money . I would also caution people about buying this product because it does n't have the normal inductive pickup that most timing lights have -LRB- I think that 's why it 's missing in the picture -RRB- .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 This worked one time , second use the seal slipt in half causing the entire can to leak out . I returned it for a refund
 The premise behind these is great and I had an old set from a different mfg years ago . These however would n't make a good seal unless I actually held pressure on the thing -LRB- R134a -RRB- . Used them on 4 cans and each one required me to hold them tight to ensure I was n't leaking by the seal ...
 The can tap worked exactly as it was supposed to but after just 4 times , the rubber seal split resulting in messy leaks . Now i need to source a seal for it or make one . Would have been good if it had come with a spare . Best if used near the bottom or top of can .
 This bench seat cover was very poorly made , when I tried to install it , the tie ropes tore the fabric . I would not recommend this product . The quality was extremely poor .
 This is a spare part for a Robinair machine , I thought it was a in-line filter used between the manifold and the recover unit .
 The retaining ring is die cut from sheet stock that is flash plated prior to the cutting process . Clearly the ends will rust upon installation . Shame on Mr. Gasket , shame on B&M and shame on everybody else involved in turning a piece of Americana into a piece of junk . Buy these parts from Spectre -LRB- probably made in the same prehistoric factory -RRB- . If you are going to get junk parts , you might as well pay junk price .
 Have you been to Harbor Freight and smelled the stinky Chinese rubber tires . This Hurst boot smells the same . It 's from the the Hurst 9-C * Boot Company . I blame the bloated bureaucraty of American Government for driving what used to be made in America to foreign countries.The EPA now stands for Ending Productivilty in America and the Employment Prevention Act and Enforcing Preident 's Agenda . Under President Obysmal , the EPA has expanded beyond need to greed . * 9-C = Cheap Chinese Communist Conscritped Child Cruelty Conflicting Capitalism Crap .
 The Amazon site says this fits an escalate - but only the front pcs do - the rear window pcs are too short and Amazon will just ship another of the same kit without reading the reason for a return/replacement . Buy 2 separate kits . 1 front & 1 rear - then at least you have a chance of getting a full set that fits properly.Front fits perfectly.Try WeatherTech - more money - but at least their stuff fits and they have real humans reading email .
 This seat cover can not be recommended . It does not fit and the attachment method is so poor and the instructions so lacking that it should not be sold on the Amazon site . First thing out of the box you have a difficult time deciding which way to layout the seat cover on the seat . Once you decide the correct layout , then the mysterious attachment method has to be figured out . There are a series of attachment strings made of what appears to be cotton material ribbons . No clues are given where these are to be attached . I tried stringing them under the seat into the springs and when I tried to pull them snug one or two ripped out of the material and broke . I can not imagine that they would last any time in actual use . The fit was so poor that I decided to live with the tear in the original seat as it was more comfortable than the bunched up wad of material that this seat cover turned into . In the end , it was not even worth sending back and I threw it away and took the loss.Sorry , but this product does not warrant any stars ... do not waste your money .
 I did not buy this from amazon . . I puchased from Advanced auto for $ 29 . The material and color were very nice match for my Blue 96 F150 shortbed . But the manufacture made a terrible design decision with those string straps . They are flimsy and do n't reach on the F150 bench . Also no straps for the top of the bench . Shame as I really liked the material .
 I knew this item was over priced before I bought it , but I really wanted to buy an American made push puller -LRB- with globally sourced materials ! -RRB- . It 's a really simple device - a square bar of steel with a hole and two slots , some bolts , nuts , washers , and two flat plates.Such a simple tool at this price should really be top notch quality , fit and finish . Instead you get a mix of whatever random parts OTC threw together . The main screws arrived with a dry -LRB- they forgot the oil -RRB- phosphate coating and everything else except the forcing screw had the typical cheap zinc coating -LRB- trivalent I think -RRB- . The forcing screw was oil and phosphate . These are the cheap generic coatings you find on bolts from Home Depot . Without regular maintenance , the entire set will rust badly . The forcing nut refused to thread onto the forcing screw . It looked like there was a few burrs on the threads . I cleaned up the threads with a 3/4 '' -16 tap and actually had to remove a fair amount of material.From a design perspective there are some issues as well . The forcing screw is a standard thread 3/4 '' -16 . Forcing screws are normally Acme thread to reduce friction and increase life . A standard thread has a triangular profile and is much more sensitive to damage than a trapezoidal Acme thread . I do n't know what OTC was thinking here . Actually I do know . They were thinking a standard thread is cheaper to manufacture and they are correct . The set came with only two flat plates . These are what transfer load from the main screws to the bar . The flat plates are assembled under or over the bar depending on whether you are performing a pushing or pulling operation , respectively . Had OTC supplied four flat plates instead of two , there would be no need to reassemble the puller when you switch from a pushing to pulling job or vice versa . I guess at this price OTC could find no way to include those two extra plates . A case for this tool would also have been nice.My advice would be to build your own push puller from hardware store bolts -LRB- or high strength stainless found online -RRB- and a piece of plate steel with slots and a hole cut out .
 I brought this exact item from autozone . These pads really compliment the interior with the titanium or silver trimming but the dang brake pad is oversized especially for someone like me with a big foot -LRB- size 13 -RRB- LOL . Get it at your own risk .
 Completely under any thing reasonable usable!The break pedal is alright , very functional and very easy to install.But the other is simple terrible ! The way it is assembled makes installation very very difficult , there was no way I could use it in my Honda Civic the way it came in the box and even after two days trying it out , after I finally make it stay in place , I discover the thing stays almost in a 90 angle with the floor making it impossible to drive.Besides , there are sharp edges all around it.I guess this is what you can buy for less than $ 10 !
 I purchased after my previous plastic one with a somewhat different design , but no brand name became misthreaded after 3 or 4 years of use . How long did this last ? About 10 days ! The little black shutoff shown in the picture fell off . Kaput ! I would n't buy this again .
 I received this as an open item from Amazon . The box was labeled correctly , but I do not believe I received the correct part -LRB- or , the part was defective -RRB- . The part that the hook passes over is about 1mm too wide , which is very easy to see when compared to the stock wiper . After about 10 minutes of fussing with it , reviewing the instructions again and again , and pinching my finger , I am returning it . I am not a complete amateur -- I have done a lot of significant work on my vehicles over the years and wiper changes are routine and easy . My old wiper went back on in 2 seconds flat . **** UPDATE 2012-04-29 **** I went to the local auto parts store , and asked them about this part . They said their system told it should fit so I bought one and they tried installing it for me . It did not work and they noted that it was not appropriately sized for the J hook on a Honda Fit wiper arm . They took it back and installed a Trico Flex , which went on in 2 seconds.Amazon took my return and covered return shipping costs as well .
 I bought this kit with high expectations and at a bargain basement price a few days ago . My set arrived and everyone of the gauges stick in the bore when expanding - as if some machining burr has caught the piston . These are absolutely worthless - do n't waste your money like I did ! I taught Mechanical Engineering at a major University for 34 years before recently retiring . The old saying of `` you get what you pay for '' applies to this product .
 They dont telescope easily , bore is very rough . One of mine fell apart and springs flew all over the place . Returned for refund . Get what you pay for .
 I purchased the Stebel Nautilus , chrome version , approx . 4 months ago . It quit working last month . I also know of four other people who purchased these and they also failed . In addition the chrome finish on the plastic body is now a dull gray color . Our local Harley dealer quit selling them when they had failure rates in excess of 80 % . Just a piece of Junk !!!!
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 The bearing sent , 6200-2RSJ is not a clutch release bearing . It looks like a bearing for an electric motor or generator . The bottom bearing of the 3 shown is what the clutch release looks like but that 's not what you 'll get . The Shipping and handling and the bearing -LRB- for whoever it 's used for -RRB- are all first quality . Had the bearing been what I ordered and was expecting , I 'd have given them an excellent review .
 Apparently this product is available either with putty tape or with butyl tape . I ordered the butyl tape version , but when I opened the package to install the roof hatch on my travel trailer I found that I had the putty tape version , not the butyl tape one . The packaging is apparently the same for both , except for a sticker that identifies it . Mine was mismarked . I used it anyway and expect that it will probably be ok.Camco 25013 RV Universal Vent Installation Kit with Butyl Tape
 I was pleased with the product when it arrived , but after about 3 days worth of use , the inside of the seat broke . We took it apart and saw that it nothing but a thin , cheap , piece of plastic . We took it out and replaced it with our own lexan . I am extremely disappointed with this product . I have photos and wish I could post them for all to see . And by the way , this was a gift for my father-in-law , who is extremely thin.I highly recommend not purchasing this product .
 We purchased this item from this seller and we received it damaged not by mail . It was packaged damaged and then sent , since there was no damage to the package or protective bubble wrap . When we called during normal business hours , we received their voicemail message , but no return phone call to fix this issue . Every time we called we only got the voicemail . We do n't trust them . We received inferior merchandise , we hope you do n't !
 was impossible to get this item on my steering wheel . i waited and even heated it a little , but no good ! it is now sitting in my garage unused
 this disnt even come close to fitting my 2003 2500 ... half was sticking out looked awful . . this should be 20 dollars
 The first time I used this puller the 4581-2 broke . I hope the other three pieces hold up . For the price I had expected much better .
 Low price , nice case , However ; This ball joint remover will absolutely not remove the lower ball joints from my 1998 Lincoln MkVIII . In fact , because of the taper on the end that goes on the loosened nut , further complicated by the fact that it is not possible to insert the tool far enough to bypass the taper -LRB- at least on this vehicle -RRB- , while under considerable pressure the tool shot across my garage with enough force to damage anything or anyone in its way . The instruction picture shows the tool being used with the open end of a combination wrench ... Good plan because if I had hold of it with the boxed end or a socket I am certain I would be at the doctors right now . It 's a shame , I restore cars and I sure could use a tool for this job but fellas , this ai n't it . It 's got to go back home . It likely works for little cars with lots of room and loose fitting ball joints but ... safety first .
 This kit is good for light or one time use and will get the job done but when I opened the kit the flexible head on the ball joint splitter just fell off in my hands , its held in place with a thin rubber 0 ring . it still will work but save the headache and search out a better quality kit / tool
 Broke first time pull on axle drive and ball joint with Ford 250 . Metal is cheap-made in Taiwan . Returned it asap and try another one
 Fresh out of the box , we charged it the required amt of time and the light would not work . Tried charging it another 16 hours , to no avail . Will be returning it .
 This winch does NOT have free spooling . -LSB- Quote -RSB- It includes a free-spooling drum for fast wire payout . -LSB- / Quote -RSB- For the free spooling X2F go here ... http://www.amazon.com/Superwinch-1208-X2F-12VDC-Winch/dp/B000PD6CI6
 All photos for this item show a complete water heater bypass assy . All I rec 'd was one valve . I feel that I was ripped off and probably will advise the Syracuse office of the NYS Attorney General . Supplier probably will not care!Camco 37463 RV Supreme By-Pass 3-Way Valve Replacement for RV Water Heater Tank
 I thought I was ordering the item in pict . but only received one valve . Not the two valves with the tubing . Picture is inaccurately advertising item for sale . Had to go and buy the rest at local hardware store and ended up paying way more than I wanted .
 You only get the valve !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and ONLY one at that !! So I am upset , VERY misleading and now I needs to spend more more and time to get the right parts !!!!
 Pictures do n't tell a thousand words ! ... As others have stated . The picture is totally misleading . You only get one valve ... How can they get away with this . .
 I 'll keep it short.I bought this at a local hardware store . Sticker on the stool said it could hold 300 lbs . I weighed 210 lbs , approximately , at the time . I had about 20 lbs . in my hands . Momentum , force , contributing factors ; the stool should have been in the safe region for weight . I was n't doing anything radical at all.I made very sure I followed the directions in opening and securing the stool . I stood on it . It collapsed the very first time.I fell forward and hit my hands on the top of a pot . Both my hands and elbows , etc. , got hurt . It nearly ripped my right pinky finger off ; trip to emergency room . I will post -LRB- graphic -RRB- pictures.I did n't want anyone else to get hurt . I notified the hardware store . They were n't very interested . Finally , they gave me the contact information for the manufacturer . I notified the manufacturer . They were n't very interested.Got a call from manufacturer 's lawyer . Why he called , I do n't know . He did n't say anything initially . Kind of waiting for me , I guess . Then , they wanted all my medical records . No apology , no concern over the possibility of someone else getting hurt . Their response ; `` Send us the stool , please . '' Hmmm , all my medical records and they would have the stool . I would suspect their analysis of the stool would not show any defects . I say that based upon my interpretation of communications with company representatives.Disgusted , I said no worries , I 'm not trying to sue you . Forget about it . I took the work hit , infection risk -LRB- I had to get back to work and I deal with a lot of heath compromised people -RRB- , and pain . Nice company.I CAN NOT recommend this product , and I would never knowingly do business with this company again . I think this particular product is EXTREMELY UNSAFE , barring any subsequent design correction.Ok , it was n't that short ...
 I got this package in a very bad shape . The top surface is not smooth and the finish is rough . Over all I not happy the way it is shipped out to me and the products look and feel.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000ETK5ES/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 this stool has randomly collapsed on my child mulitple times , last night it caused a concussion ! Do not get it !
 I bought this to use to help reach into the engine bay of my lifted Jeeps . I weight 270 lbs , so naturally I was looking at something that was rated at 300 + pounds . It started coming apart at one of the corner feet and eventually failed completely leaving me balanced on the fender of my Jeep.He is how it looks now . -LSB- ... -RSB- Product Description
 I guess there is nothing wrong with the step stool , just must smaller than I pictured it , but I do use it from time to time , but does n't work for what I initially wanted it for .
 I purchased the 12 '' step stall . Was a little stiff to open and close . Upon closing , it snapped shut onto my finger . I have yet to find out if I will lose my fingernail . .
 With 29 '' it 's the tallest step stool I could find on Amazon , but it 's rather flimsy and I do n't think that it will hold anyone over 160 lbs . It also tends to fold up itself , which makes it borderline dangerous to have around small children . Not impressed .
 these mud flaps do not fit a 1999 toyota tacoma , unfortunately . they 're nice but worthless for me because they did not work and I did n't return them in time . Oh well . .
 This oil filter has a defective gasket . I had my oil changed about 6 months ago and they used this filter , Well i developed an oil leak.I could tell it was coming from the filter so I checked it to be sure it was tight and it was.Well , over the next week the leak got worse so I decided to just go ahead and replace it when i did I discovered the reason it was leaking was the gasket was only about half as thick as it should have been and it barley made contact to seal the filter.I purchased a ac-delco p-48 and compared the gaskets and it was twice as thick as the fram , put the ac-delco on and no leaks at all.I have used Fram all my life but this was my last one.Must be making them in China now or something .
 I never used it since it arrived with a leak in it and would n't hold air
 Does not fit FRONT axle of MDX . When this was ordered the web page did not indicate if this was front or rear . Hope they fix the description to tell us it is REAR axle .
 Just completed a 2.5 month , 12,000 mile trip around the US . The pressure regulator arrived with the gauge needle stuck behind the pin , that part fixed easily , just popped off the cover and moved the needle . After about 3 weeks of use , with never having had external pressure over the mid green level , this thing started leaking like crazy . This was n't 3 weeks of continuous use , as we would spend about 5 days dry camping , then 1-2 days in a commercial campground to clean tanks and recharge systems . So in reality it was in use maybe 5 days . By week 4 it was totally worthless . Do n't waste your money.Camco stuff sometimes works , sometimes is crap .
 The photo for this item shows a pressure gauge with actual pressure shown in psi . The item that was delivered had a guage with just 3 zones shown - red , yellow and green . I returned this item because the pressure gauge was useless . I had also purchased the reducer without the pressure gauge . I purchased a pressure from my local hardware store to tell what was really happening before and after the pressure reducer .
 I ordered this for regulating water pressure on my motorcoach . Arrived super fast from Amazon , but it did not work at all . No water would pass thru the regulator . Fortunately Amazon is taking it back and paying for the postage . WAY TO GO AMAZON . Thanks.Additional info . The guage on the regulator I recd only has low -LRB- yellow -RRB- , green , and red -LRB- high -RRB- . In other words there was no PSI numbers like the one shown on Amazon .
 I am returning it . I should have believed the previous review . The gauge on the regulator only has low -LRB- yellow -RRB- , green , and red -LRB- high -RRB- . There is no PSI numbers like the one shown on the product 's picture .
 This water pressure regulator arrived defective , exhibiting what is known as `` hysteresis . '' In normal language , it makes a loud screeching sound when attached between the exterior house faucet -LRB- i.e. , hose bib -RRB- and a hose with a nozzle that is shut off . When the water is running , the gauge is fine , but when the nozzle is shut off and the regulator is required to do its job -- regulate the hose pressure -- it flips out.Hope this helps , Tim
 I bought this to use on my fifth wheel camper . It worked for about a week and had extremely low pressure . After the first week it stopped working all together and would n't let any water through . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 Worked for a couple of trips then stopped the water flow completely at 4am on a chilly night -LRB- no it did not freeze -RRB- .
 Picture shows a gauge with pressure readings , the item received has a gauge divided into three sections , `` LOW '' , green , and `` HIGH '' . Many reviewers have mentioned the same issue . Thankfully amazon has an easy refund system .
 Manufacturer still has not updated photo . You still receive one with colors instead of numbers on the pressure dial . Hope it works at least . Have not tried yet . Please provide correct photo .
 I wanted to reduce the pressure in my water system . This was one of only a few devices I could find that was designed to do this function . Worked fine for a little over one month , then it completely stopped all water flow ... right outside the return window . So it goes into the recycle bin . Total and complete waste of time and money . I deserved this outcome , because other people have written of their similar experience and kindly provided warning which I simply ignored .
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 This thing has ruined three sets of rechargeable batteries . The batteries become very hot . Sometimes it charges them and sometimes it refuses to charge the batteries . I have to believe that there are better products on the market than this one .
 I had to purchase this battery charger because I had lost my previous charger which was amazing . But , this one was really really really poor . I have been using these batteries with my Canon Powershot S2IS camera . The charge does not last for a few hours - not even 50 shots , whereas the previous one I had used to last for a week - about 400 shots ! The charger turns green from red within an hour.I did get the product well in time . I am not sure if this is something related to Powerex , or the shipping company . Other batteries do last long though !
 The pants were too large . I tried to return them to the vendor Extrememoto but I did not get any response to my multiple email messages.Shame on you Extrememoto and Amazon !
 I have returned this item and am waiting to see if i ever get my money back , or i would be honest of how wrong the discription was of the vehical this would fit ! Not even close !
 CAUTION ADVISED ! I 've been putting Groboski/Highland 1009400 7 '' x 14 '' Stainless Steel Splash Guards on my 1979 Camaro Z28 since I bought it NEW the year it was made . I just finished bringing it back to showroom condition and I wanted to replace the Groboski Splash Guards to their glory too , like I have done a couple of times through the years . They have always been like Gleaming GEMS coming out of a package labeled MADE-IN-USA , BUT NOT ANYMORE !!!!! I spoke with Cequent and they moved all production to CHINA , but apparently have NO CONTROL over quality any more . These things are now full of CREASES , DENTS , DINGS , DULL AND DISCOLORED . If you do buy them , buy 3x what you need so you can pick through them and find enough good ones that you can buff out and use , then return the rest for credit . GOOD LUCK !!!!!
 I bought these and according to picture and text I did not recieve the same product.I recieved a smaller version with no rubber as advertised.Also lots of small nicks on all and I bought 2 sets.Not worth the hassle of returning.Forced to Love China .
 I actually have been thinking about returning the wind diverters . I put them on according to the instructions and they are coming loose at the ends . Vibrating as I drive down the road is not what I had in mind . Previous diverters I have bought slide into the window channel itself and have worked great .
 It does work but is pretty much bottom of the barrel product better off buying a chunk of solid plastic and just milling it to what you really want or buying the specific one to your car from the dealer . At least it was not a major purchase for me . It came with some screws but no washers and you will need them .
 Horrible experience.Cellophane on package torn.Hardware missing.Holes on frame do not line up with holes in license plate.Worthless.Never again !!!
 basically ... simply put ... it doesnt work ... my rearview mirror was in my lap after 6hrs of not driving and making sure it dried ... slipped on the mirror to the bracket n 2secs later both were back on the floor ...
 the item received did not custom fit any better than the generic products that can be purchased locally . they advertize a heavier duty model but is is not expected to be available foe some time because they can not get the raw materials for its production .
 Not goodThe price is very , very highNot worth the priceI did not expect to be soEven there is no installation facility withWhich makes you have to buy mounting screwsThere is another type of railType aluminum lower than the price is much less than the weight of
 My husband ripped his door handle off his truck in an ice storm . I ordered a replacement handle from this company . I was charged for the item . I was contacted by the seller and told that they were out of stock and they would refund my purchase . I did get a refund . They told me that they wanted to give me a complimentary handle . I was appreciative . I waited for a few weeks with no shipment . I finally emailed the seller to tell them that I would be more than happy to pay for the handle , I just needed it . I have not heard back from them yet . I placed my order Feb. 2 2011 and it is May 4 2011 . I would n't suggest using this company .
 My experience is similar to a few others here in that the Permatex product did bond the tab to the window , but the defroster DOES NOT work . Many products will bond metal to glass . The reason one would pay this kind of money is for the conductivity which they claim .
 To put it bluntly - this product simply does n't work.Perhaps Permatex produced a bad batch , but the `` conductive adhesive '' enclosed with my kitsimply is n't conductive , so my `` repaired tab '' was completely non-functional . Moreover , the supplied curing agent is volatile - so you get ONE repair attempt , after whichthe kit is no good for tab repairs anymore.And , to make matters worse , the bond that the adhesive makes is weak . My tab broke off easilywhen , several days after the ` repair ' , I removed it to do it right.Save your money .
 The product simply does n't work . I realized too late that it needed to be applied in 70degree temperature -- yeah , right ! If it were 70degrees , who 'd be repairing their rear window defogger ? Anyway , I was having my car serviced anyway , so I had the mechanics apply the tab for me in their heated garage . They suggested I wait 24hours for the glue to harden , I did ... and as soon as I tried to ` gently ' press the tab into the contact , the glue snapped off . Useless . On a very positive note , however , AUTO ALLEY , the supplier , gets very high marks ... they tried to send me a replacement product -LRB- which was wrong -RRB- and finally simply refunded my money .
 I do a lot of board level electrical repair , but I was n't familiar with the construction of the rear defrost system . I bought this adhesive thinking I 'd save time . Wrong . After following the instructions to the letter , I turned on my defrost -LRB- after 48 hrs to cure -RRB- . Nothing . My ohmmeter told me the truth ... I had a faulty repair . So , after research , I decided to get some silver solder and repair it myself with my soldering gun . Well , this crappy glue was gooey and impossible to remove which made it impossible to repair AT ALL . So , $ 15 later , I am screwed ! Now I ca n't even repair it the right way ! DO N'T BOTHER WITH THIS STUFF ... JUST GET A SOLDERING GUN AND SOME SILVER SOLDER AND DO IT RIGHT !!!
 I followed the directions exactly on this product . Although the tab for the defroster did stick , it was clear that the adhesive is NOT conductive to the point it claims to be . Long and short , defostter still did n't work after adhesive dried . Try other methods of securing the tab , butdo n't wastw your money on this product .
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!I followed the directions to the letter and the tab still fell off after `` firmly applying pressure for 1 minute '' - more than one minute in my case . The adhesive is nothing but electrically conductive paint and kneading the packet only produced thoroughly mixed paint.I received a refund for the crap only after some whining from the guy at the store . He went down the list of what I must have done wrong as if reading the directions . Yes , I thoroughly cleaned the surface . Yes , I kneaded the package . Yes , the temperature was within the range . Yes , I washed my hands after using the potty . Finally , after pointing out that some of the remaining paint was still liquid and not an `` adhesive '' , he refunded my money . Which only caused more grumbling about corporate in downtown not liking this and he does n't run the place . Why give me crap , if he does n't run the place ??? Did I say DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ? If not , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I applied the glue as directed , then waited 24 hours before trying . The first time I turned on the defroster , it worked just fine . But it never worked again . The glue is still holding , but the defroster does n't work at all now .
 Instructions were clear and specific and easy to follow . The adhesive quality was good . The conductive quality is not . The rear defrost no longer clears the rear window .
 I tried this product 3 times without success . All three times I was able to get the tab to stick very well to the glass , but there was never conductivity from the tab to the defroster glass . The glue acted as an insulator and did not allow electric current to get where it needed to get . A junk product .
 It did n't work for me . I followed the directions but in the end , I had to replace my rear window .
 The product did not work . I followed the instructions to a tee . Do not waste your money on this item .
 I purchased this product to reattach the defroster tab from my rear windshield . The adhesive did not stick to the windshield . Unfortunately , I was out of the money that I spent on the product .
 was happy to find a product to fix my rear defroster tab , i followed there guide lines to the letter and even waited another 24 hours before connecting the wire to the tab . as far as it sticking to the window i had no problem , but it did not make an elec. contact . if i had just wanted it stuck to glass i could have just super glued it . very disappointed
 After TWICE following the directions to a T , the adhesive failed to harden-except to my fingers . Was n't even the least bit tacky on the window . I washed the window 4 times and let it sit for 20 mins and I had a stopwatch timing the drying time of the activator the second time around , and still nothing . Wasted 12 bucks on this crap-should have purchased the 25 dollar Frost Fighter epoxy the first time ...
 The Permatex repair worked for one year , then the adhesive lost conductivity . It took hours of troubleshooting to diagnose the problem . Fortunately , the previously repaired tab was still firmly attached , so I was able to wedge a piece of bare copper wire behind it to make it defrost . I 'd recommend buying a product with higher silver content , such as Frost Fighter .
 Good news
 Did EXACTLY as the directions indicated and the tab fell off within 24 hours after putting the connector back on . I even let it sit for several days just to make sure the glue cured . I wish I had kept my reciept !
 I have tried this product about 6 times on two different cars , both Saturns , following the instructions to the letter . The last time I used it I had an almost surgical cleanliness . I did do the extra steps with rubbing alcohol and heated the glass with a space heater in my garage . It lasted about a year , then just fell off the window . I have had several different outcomes , all bad . Sometimes it would work , but only for a year at the most . About half the time it would bond , but not conduct . I need to have my defroster working consistently , so I broke down and got the really expensive silver epoxy . So far so good with that one .
 Product did not solve the problem , but company offered to replace the product . Good customer service .
 This is the second batch I 've tried , on my defroster tab . The first never hardened , after completely following the directions I thought maybe I had bought an old package as I have used a lot of Permatex products and they usually work as advertised . I bought my second batch and followed directions as instructed , this time it adhered and I waited 24 hours before connecting the wire and trying it . Still did n't work . I had to run a bead of solder along the tab to get it to work . Bottom line , I could have used a one dollar bottle of superglue and 2 cents worth of solder to get better results .
 The first time I tried this stuff on my daughter 's car I followed the instructions to the letter . I actually gave it an extra day before attaching the defroster wire , but the tab popped right off the window . Adhesive was still gooey after all that time . As another reviewer stated , I also thought maybe I got an old batch so I tried a second time . All seemed to go well , and this morning was the first chance to try it . . 11 degrees outside and frost on the glass . I turned it on , and after 3 minutes it had no effect . I looked at it from the outside of the glass and the area under the tab had a bright orange glow -LRB- not arcing , but glowing orange ! -RRB- . I immediately shut the defroster off and left for work , telling my daughter not to use it . . she calls me 20 minutes later and tells me that when she went outside , the entire rear window had shattered and fallen into the car . This stuff is obviously more resistive than they claim ... $ 400 mistake . . thanks Permatex
 Temperature 65 degrees . Window attachment area and tab cleaned with light emery cloth and alchol . Activator applied and allowed to dry for 5 minutes -LRB- spent the time kneeding the adhesive -RRB- . Applied adhesive , pressed tab to surface , held firm for 1 min . Tab fell away immediately.Followed 1st reviewer 's lead ... stuck tab with supergle then used a small dot of solder . If I would have read that first , I probably could have fixed this months ago with less effort and cost.Bad news . Do n't buy it .
 I followed directions and the product did not work at all.I would not recommend it at all . A waste of my money .
 this might work with gas models but wont work with my 1997 3500 dsl plug for the cruse isnt the right one and the airbag connection had a bad solder in one of the plugs had to repair the bad solder issue and then had to figure out which wires had to go where b4 i could hook up the cruse and in the process i found a shorted connection between 2 wires that i had to fix very disapionted with this product at this time
 It said 260lb/ft torque , but it ca n't remove lug bolt in my car . That 's why I return ... Over spec , useless and heavy .
 There 's nothing special about this stuff , other than it is fairly easy to use . It 's a fine abrasive cleaner mixed with soap . It does n't clean like a clay bar . The abrasive can be hard to rinse completely off . Not worth the time , IMO . Instead , go with a real cleaner/polish like Meguiars # 7 or a real clay bar .
 Although this does take some contaminants off the paint , it is not strong enough to take caked-on brake dust off , or even sap . You have to work the product a lot harder and basically scrub the contaminants off the paint . The same can be done with a sponge and water.If you are looking to remove stubborn contaminants , purchase a real clay bar kit , it will be faster , and the results will be much better !
 I applied this product to my car according to the manufacturers directions . The pasty mess that was left behind took me hours to scrub off the car and I beleive it effected the way the ice polish reacted . Use at your own risk !
 Left a residue , even though the bottle says it does n't . Did n't clean very well either . I am going to try the regular clay bar and see if that works any better .
 Buy a real clay bar , they work better and are actually easier to use.This stuff does not take the grit out of your paint.Vigorously scrubbing , recommended on the label for tough areas , did n'thelp for the light areas.I had to use a clay bar to get the silky smooth results I wanted , after I used this junk.Waste of time and money .
 thought this product was a waste of $ 15 and i am embarassed i put it on my new mercedes . left it with all still spotty marks and gross .
 Says and shows entire lift kit ... the only thing that came was the springs . Not Happy that I wasted my money on springs !
 Monroe is a name that I thought I could trust . However , I purchased 3 Monroe products for the rebuilding of my front struts and struck out on all three . Starting with this product , I purchased two of them and both had a bolt pattern that differed slightly from the cars . The mount had been affixed to the assembly , tightened with an impact wrench then I decompressed the spring . Upon attempting to mount the strut back on the car is when I found the manufacturing flaw . Disassembly caused some damage to the threads of the strut due to the nature of the locknut . But , the extra time to disassemble , order the parts from another manufacturer , wait for deliver , then reassemble really hurt my schedule . Next comes the struts . I ordered four . One had a defective threaded cap . More delay . Finally , the boot . I ordered two and one was missing parts dirty and had a cheap plastic bumper , as opposed to the heavy duty rubber needed to absorb the impact of a hard bump that would overpower the strut and spring . Monroe , get it together already . This stuff is supposed to be American made ! Yikes ! Monroe , you 're quality control stinks .
 Very upset over this order as I think the product description is uninformative . It says fabtech leaf springs -LRB- plural -RRB- so I was under the idea I was getting a pair of springs , and it came today and only one , what the heck am I going to do with one spring ???!! Not cool AMAZON !!!!! Fabtech FTS44005 3.5 '' Performance System Front Leaf Springs
 I believed the ad that said this product fits all sizes , with the caveat that it was not a chopping board . So , I bought a plastic chopping surface . Thing is , the board does NOT fit all sizes . I was disappointed about that little detail .
 The locking arm does n't work so I took it off and put a pole under the extension when I want to use it . Now it 's much sturdier .
 I purchased a Reese Class III for my Equinox several years ago . Poor quality control . The receiver socket sits 5 degrees off hence when I plug in my hitch it is crooked . I called Reese at the time and was given the old `` tough cookies '' speech . I will never buy from Reese again .
 This is a lousy generator . I was using it to power my coffee vending machines at an art fair and they asked me to leave . They even refunded my $ 125.00 vender fee just to get rid of me because the generator was making so much noise that people were compalining .
 Lasted 3 hours before the generator stalled and electrical problems . Key parts , the stator and rotor burned up and are no longer available . You will be left with a $ 600 Tecumseh 10 hp engine .
 This did not fit our needs . Must write more to compete this survey . Shucks . Wish I could leave this page before writing the minimum required .
 Did n't work on my stove even after I put in measurements . Still did n't work too small . Needs small stove to work .
 i have a 1989 F250 4x4 5.8 IFS . the headers were both a little wide for the truck , like the head flange was welded on wrong . hooker has great support , and a 90 day return policy -LRB- unlike Amazon -RRB- . the first pair needed to have the passenger frame ground 1/4 '' or so . the drivers side got smashed by the driveshaft yoke . i returned these and got another set , and they fit worse . i heated them up -LRB- installed -RRB- with the engine and a torch , and used a come-along to get the clearance i needed .
 The fragile hooks whick hold the bin against the pegboard break off during shipping . The company who shipped the item did give me a timely refund .
 Although cheap in price , it would be nice to receive itwith all the pegs intact.Pegs break off when you install it on pegboard . Wasteof money . Better off to visit your local Lowes to seeit before you buy it .
 Wrong info by Amazon . Does NOT fit brake pedal on automatic transmission-equipped cars . And then , Amazon , never replied to my written request for a return &#34; RMA &#34; and a refund . The brake pedal for manual-trans cars is different from the pedal for man-trans cars , and this pad does NOT fit both .
 I expectecd these to be CRP pullys , but instead they are Meyle pullys , MADE IN CHINA !!! They are getting hard to find , but I wanted everyone to know they are the Chinese ones and not of decent quality . Meyle is known for being junk . I am disppointed , but need them to get my car going again , so I 'll suffer with them and hope they hold until I can get ones of better quality .
 The product came defective , so I had to throw it away.I emailed the company three times and nobody ever answered back .
 I ordered 6 cans of this thinking it was RM #OZ 622 -LRB- the can displayed ib the picture , red ribbon around white car -RRB- , but its not . I went to refund this , but after hearing about a $ 16.00 re-stocking fee , I declined and gave them to a friend who is a heavy smoker.-Bottom line , the original '' new car smell '' has been replaced with Rm #OZ 622R , but they still advertise product with old picture . - BOO !
 I have used That New Car Smell fragrance many times in the past . Now this particular brand , I did n't care for at all . My husband sprayed it in the car while we all were in there , and needless to say , we all had to get out . The smell was something that I had never smelt before . I will never buy this brand . I know a good smell when I smell one , and this was definitely not one !!!
 I purchased this product believing it to be the same as the original red , grey , and white label `` MEDO '' New Car air freshener that I had the fortunate pleasure of discovering after searching high and low , once sold at Target , which actually DID have a wonderful new car aroma ... This one , on the other hand ... EEEEWWWW ! If you enjoy the smell of a Band-Aid and Formaldehyde cocktail , this scent is for you ! It was not worth the 5 buck gamble , and I chuncked it right away ! I found a different online store claiming to carry the original scent and have taken another chance , hopefully it will prove a wise move.THIS Ozium , does however , definately has a place among college pranksters , skunk handlers , and general mischievious no-good-deed-doers . This is the first review I have ever taken the time to give ... thanks for reading !
 The image is not the same product I received . You are misleading the consumer . This can bring you a lot of liability.I am very dissapointed .
 When I ordered this , I ordered New Car Smell which I have gotten from other places in the past and it is a good product . Amazon sent me something called `` Ozium '' or something like that and it was rancid . I love Amazon and will continue to use them probably , but boy they let me down this time . See the picture ? It 's got `` New Car Smell '' but now they have added `` Ozium '' to it . When it comes there is not `` New Care Smell '' logo on the tube .
 This is THE worst smelling `` freshener '' I have ever used . Its just a terrible smell . Like the other reviewer said , its very chemical in nature . I sprayed som in my living room to see what it was like and ... WOW . I opened the windoes pretty quick , I could not imagine this in a hot car . I picked it up for 1.50 at a BigLots and I feel ripped off.Dont buy it .
 Smells like old lady perfume . Smells * nothing * like a car , let alone a new one . I 'm sayin ' this stuff has the stank and it 's POWERFUL !!! I sprayed some on a rag before I sprayed it in my car and it was so bad I had to take put the rag into a plastic zip-lock bag and throw it out . After I threw it out , the scent lingered on my skin and it made me so sick I had to shower.It does n't smell like a new car . It smells like an old woman who wears too much perfume . It 's not nice to smell and it will NEVER go away if you spray it in your car . I suppose it would be good for covering an unpleasant odor but I 've bought a number of air fresheners for my car in the past few months and would have to recommend something else . There are far better products on the market for this purpose that are n't so offensive and aggressive .
 This stuff literally smells like air freshener in a Port-a-potty on a hot summer day . It 's disgusting . Going to try The Chemical Guys New Car Scent and see how that goes .
 I actually drive a car that is notorious for excessive amounts of brake dust so I was really excited to try this product out . The Wheel Wax did add shine to the wheels after applying but I bought this to minimize the amount of brake dust accumulation . It DID N'T work at all . I still get the same amount of brake dust and dirt then I did before . I do n't recommend this product .
 This stuff does n't work as they say . MAYBE the wheels have a very slight more shine , but you 'd need lab equipment to prove it to me . It does not repeal the brake dust , in fact , I think it makes it worse . I spent about 3 hours removing all 4 wheels , cleaning them , and applying the polish ... only to find no benefit . I know this for sure since on one of the wheels I left one spot unwaxed so I could compare . After a week of driving , there is no difference between the waxed and unwaxed part of the wheel . When I went to wash the wheels I hit them with water and the unwaxed part of the wheel was no different from the waxed part . Save your time and money . -LRB- My wheels are factory painted which already look great . Maybe bare metal rims might be different , but for my wheels , this product is useless . -RRB-
 This product definitely does NOT repel brake dust as claimed by the manufacturer . It does make the rims shiny but any wax should do that .
 The shape fits just like it should , but the top part of the air box has a section that protrudes through where the air filter would go and prevents the top of the airbox from fitting on . If you can visualize the top right section of the air filter needing to have a square indention to allow the airbox to fit on .
 The picture is of the rear seat but the product sent to us is the front seats ! Fabric is great but did n't try to put it on b/c we do n't need the front seat covers .
 This Mini Cooper mat did n't fit . It was way too small , and the vent holes were mostly covered . It was poorly constructed and very flimsy . A complete waste of my time and patience .
 Seat Gloves are nice idea and are effective in heat protection and water resistance . However there are many limiting attributes of these seat ` panels ' -- 1 -RRB- Panel only covers seat and back but the sides are open ; 2 -RRB- There is a very strong rubber smell that I hope will disipate over time . 3 -RRB- I ordered a blue and gray version but I received gray and black - not very attactive on tan car seats .
 Didnt fit . False advertising . Such a bummer ... thought there would be more like a 90 day return ... have n't ever had to return anything before . Out a chunk of money on a product that did not work
 not very good &#65292; the material was very cheap and it was also hard to cover on the seat . it was not worth
 I ordered ONE original metal wheel cover and what I received was a `` switch and bate '' , 4 similar looking plastic covers and I ca n't get in contact at the originating shipment warehouse to return the items ! Any help out there for me ?
 DO NOT BUY THESE WIRES.I spent a month troubleshooting and chasing down a random misfire / loss of a cylinder in my truck . I never suspected the plug wires since they were BRAND new and quite expensive -LRB- auto parts store brand was $ 14 -RRB- . The problem did n't show up right away , it took about two weeks until it happened , and it would only happen once the truck reached operating temperature and the engine bay was hot.After replacing every single ignition component , running a compression test , and growing gray hairs , it turned out to be these wires ! Since it took me so long to troubleshoot I lost my return window with Amazon . GOOD LUCK trying to contact Accel , their emails get bounced back and they do n't answer phones . If you buy an Accel product , expect ABSOLUTELY NO support/warranty after they 're got your money.So I decided I wanted to see if another set of these plug wires would fix the issue , maybe I just got a bad set - so I ordered another . The 2nd set that I got from Amazon was even worse ! As soon as I installed them the truck was misfiring and running on 5 cylinders ! Put the $ 14 parts store wires on , and the problem goes away . AMAZING!Pulled them off and returned to Amazon . Been running the $ 14 wires for about 800 miles now with no issues . I would only recommend these wires to someone I hate.You 've been warned .
 Ordered and shipped directly from Amazon . Received with a dent in the lid and the gas strut on the left side was broken off in the ball joint . The packaging looked OK so this happened during manufacturing and was shipped anyway.The return process with Amazon sucks . Forget about talking to a live person . I would rather have had a replacement strut instead I have to return the whole box . Amazon web site says an exchange takes 1 to 2 months , are you serious ?
 Wrong pads for my 2008 F150 Ford 60th anniversary , did not come with the necessary wire that insert into the pads.Had to make trip to local auto parts store to purchase the right ones .
 Ordered a set of these shades for my 2012 Kia Soul , the guy that processed my return said that Amazon has `` issues '' with its drop down ordering system that `` really need to be addressed '' The shades that were sent to me were for a full size Ford pickup , not even close to what i wanted . There was no way to verify or double check if I was ordering the right ones or even include a notation to the company of the car that they were being ordered for .
 Nice product . Did not fit the King Ranch edition from Ford . Front was too long and back was too short . I received a prompt refund though , so I gave a star .
 Replaced worn stock strut with the Gabriel G55870 on my Acura . 7 months and only 7,000 miles later the strut already needs to be placed again . Poor quality and will not buy again .
 Bought these struts for a 2000 Accord , ... shortly after installation , -LSB- very shortly -RSB- , . . noticed rattly / knocking noises coming from both sides , front . After very thorough examination of complete front suspension , even taking struts back apart to look for anything possibly amiss , ... decided the noise was coming from the struts . Ordered 2 Monroes the next time around , installed them , and all is quiet and back to normal.So , I cant recommend these at all ! Would have rated zero if possible . Many thanks to AMAZON for standing behind their products with 90 day , effortless returns . Probably the # 1 internet shopping site for sure .
 The product should state that this is an `` Emergency Brake '' pedal not a `` Help '' pedal . For those who are looking for a brake pedal on a 1994 Chevy with a standard transmission type in `` Clutch pedal '' instead and good luck finding one .
 Description say 's brake pedal pad , so I wanted a break pedal pad , but I got a parking brake pedal pad , this sucks ...
 THE ITEM TOTALLY WAS WRONG APPLICATION AS MY GM E BRAKE PAD IS ENCAPSULATED OVER A METAL 4 PRONG ATTACHMENT DEVICE AND THE REPLACEMENT WAS A SLIDE OVER PEDAL PAD AND NOT DESIGNED FOR MY TRUCK LEVER AT ALL , FRUSTRATED I GLUED IT ON :-RRB- HOW LONG WILL THIS LAST ? FOREVER IF I DO N'T USE IT ... CLARK
 I ordered one of these for each of my 2 cars . The one for the Town Car is great , but they sent me the wrong one for the second car . I contacted them and am STILL waiting to hear from the company about getting the correct one .
 Still waiting on the part to show up . It could almost o o fit into an envelop . What 's the hold up ?
 This product was returned with no problems . This item is in two pieceswhich is shown as one piece . It was replaced with a comparable Dee Zee tailgate protector .
 Does not work on a Hyundai Accent . Tried for an hour , all I ended up doing was scratching the door panel . What did work was a towel trick I found on Youtube , and it was free .
 The cover needs to be more than 30 inches wide so as to protect the entire fender , 36 inches would be ideal .
 I dont know what a magnetic property is , but apparently it does n't include sticking to metal . This cover is not magnetic , but whatever it is made of is fairly high quality and thick material .
 Avoid these . I have a 2002 Yukon . I read all the reviews and bought these for my truck . They changed the ride of my truck from `` Good to Horrible '' . They made my truck `` float '' they are the worst . This is my third pair of Monroe Shocks and I have researched and with confidence I will now purchase KYB . Monroe seals the cylinders of the shocks to prevent even movement . Hitting bumps is louder and harder with these shocks . Even simple potholes sound louder and fell harder with these shocks . Again , NOT worth the money !
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 Cheap . The blue on top of the shifter is already coming off and the pedals move side to side because of how they are ` secured ' on . Just buy something more expensive , my set will be going in the trash .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I waited extra time for these custom fit seat covers but when I received they were n't even close to fitting my truck nor anything Dodge has made in the past 30 years . Also the fabric is cheat and already had snags all over it when I took the covers out of the box . Just stay away from this sub par product , you will be much happier . These seat covers do n't come close to the standards I 've come to expect from Amazon .
 Even though I followed the directions to the T , one of the plastic connectors ripped out of the fabric during installation . On several occasions I attempted to contact LeBra to see if they would cover this under warraney . I was finally told that they could not warranty it because it was purchased online and they have no record of the purchase . It cost me $ 40.00 dollars to have it repaired at a local upholstry shop . The fit is not that great . Woud not recommend this brand of bra for the Solara .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this seat cover over a year ago ... they kept saying it was out of stock and wanted to know if I still wanted it and I always replied YES !!!! And NEVER DID RECIEVE IT !!!!
 The part that was shipped did not include the y pipe pictured , only the catalytic converter .
 I returned the first one due to crinkling and streching in the material . The replacement was the same . Amazon wisely refunded my purchase and did not send a third .
 Listed capacitiy is 1/4 in to 1 1/8 in . It actually is a minimum of 5/16in to 1 1/8 in . Same part number as other robinair 's . This item has the wrong description and now i will have to return .
 The picture shown is not what is actually sent to you . I basically tied up $ 90 in funds so I could get the wrong thing and return it . The people sending this item are aware that you will receive an item different than pictured but have not managed to change the picture or description . It is DEFINITELY not a direct fit anything . I am extremely annoyed with the whole transaction and hope that for future buyers they know better than to buy this and get the wrong item .
 The converter I received was not the one I ordered and it does n't fit on my -LRB- vehicle as it should -RRB- . The specifications say the length is 23.9 '' while the one I received was just 16 '' .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 They promised up , down and all over the page that this was a good alternator , tested and inspected eleventeen times before it left the factory , etc. . Well , I got it and it was a total dud . Did not spin freely and had a ton of friction and a tap tap at a certain point in the rotation . This is spinning it with my fingers , so who knows what would have happened if I tried to have a motor spin it . Keep in mind I did n't discover this until I was elbows deep in grease and did n't have a ride to work . The technical support guy did n't know anything about anything , and I am STILL waiting on a replacement , weeks later . Do n't trust these fools ! P.S. remanufactured in Malaysia .
 The gas cans Amazon sells do n't fit this rack . I bought both the Enviro Flo 5 gal can & the Midwest 31733 5 gal . spill proof can . Both are too wide and do n't fit in the rack . You would think they would indicate and sell the matching can to go with it but they do n't . How aggravating ... Otherwise the rack it built very well . Heavy duty . In fact , a little to heavy . .
 The mat itself fit great . It looked better than expected . The only draw back is that it did not come with velcro attachments in order to secure it .
 I actually ordered this for a Chevy Silverado and twice they sent it for a Cavalier . I ended up having to pay to have it returned the second time because I had to say it was my fault . grrr I am sure if it was for the right rig it would have b een great .
 Caution . This product looks good enough , however , it does not fit either the truck or the winch that the website suggested . Now , it will cost approx 35 % of purchase price to return it and pay the 20 % restocking fee . I would not recommend buying this online without a better return policy , as you it is not as simple to match a winch and truck to their recommendations as we thought . Expensive lesson , and still need a winch carrier ...
 I purchased the TPS from this seller it did n't get here for two week and when it did the part looked great once installed my car ran worse I had to take it and have a computer hooked up on it , and what comes up bad TPS there is a position bad so they are just sending out bad parts
 Would like to write a useful review . There is one problem i ca n't use it , because the mounting bracket that is supposed to hold the mirror in place does not work.there is no grip teeth on the mirror side , the replacable grip teeth are fine . Tried tightening with no luck . Hopefully others have had better luck ! Should have bought a five dollar model .
 These were cheaper than the dealer so I went with them . But these things are so soft . They have to be made out of the cheapest metal possible . Do n't bother with these softies .
 I just received these tap sockets and they look beat up . I 'm not sure if they are manufacture reject but they have machine wear marks and dents on the edges of the machined surface . The black finish is also discolored . I thought they might have been a used and then returned item but the inside of the sockets looks perfect . That is the only reason I 'm keeping these sockets . I own the smaller set of Lisle tap sockets and use them daily . I am now skeptical of Amazon and Tooltopia sending me the best product possible .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Dash cover was of pretty good quality but the fit for 95 Bonneville Pontiac was an awful fit . It needed to be at least one and 0ne half inches larger especially along the front edge . Sides were a short fit . Cut outs were fair fit . Sun can blister and crack exposed area . Back to the old towel to cover the dash .
 this is advertised as 8 '' . this is infact an 18 '' piece of junk . gave one star b/c i couldnt leave blank
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Got this for my pickup truck for plowing as cheap temporary solution , and that 's exactly what it is . After only 2 months the beacon revolver motor runs really slow and the solder connections for the cigarette lighter jack fell apart easily . The unit simply can not handle the colder weather . This would be fine for rare / occasional use in warm weather , but if you 're looking for something to put on a plow truck in freezing winter weather , do n't expect this to last more than a month or two .
 After a week of rainy weather the rotating reflector stopped working . Evidently this model # 3100 is not meant to be left outside continuosly
 this product is very low qulity . It is not very bright and is not bright even at night . you can buy much better l.e.d. versions at walmart or on amazon . l.e.d. is much better . shipping was fast .
 This light is good for the movies but not for real life . There is no way that this will move traffic out of your way during daylight as its no brighter than a penlight . It was a good move by Wolo to break into the warning light industry but they should modify this to use the latest 3 or 5 watt Luxeon or Seoul Semiconductor LED modules .
 I purchased two of these . One works great , the other one has a loose socket and the bulb will not stay in . I called the manufactor and they said I must send the unit in at my expense . Most places do a will call tag . If this is the way Amazon works I will not be buying anything else on it either . I paid for the units in good faith and it 's not my fault their product is faulty . Jackie B.
 I enjoy having these things on my truck , and have been buying for the last two years . I first bought the deer , and then I went through a car wash with it . That was my fault . But lately I can not get one to last long at all .
 ordered 2 , kept 1 for myself , other was xmas gift.of course mine didnt work , , , returned it and ordered the duck , , , see what happenes with this one
 This product was sent to us twice and it never worked . When we looked at it we found that the inside of the hitch criter was broken into pieces . Amazon was nice enough to refund our money .
 ordered this what feels like a month ago and have yet to receive it . so yeah that 's happening . if you dont have it do n't sell it
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 The initial description line says ` paperback ' and not until the very bottom lines does it say it 's the book formatted onto a cd . It would be much easier to have the printed book in hand while you are looking under the hood of the vehicle than trying to skim through the cd . Guess that 's what I get for not reading the entire description , so my fault .
 The original has ball & socket joints at each end . For some reason , these guys decided they 'd only put that joint on the bottom . So , as the other reviewer said , you must remove the ball from the top joint . But what if you need to replace the unit again ? It will no longer take the original equiptment . I 'm sending them back .
 i thought this was the whole kit and it was not double check and make sure you get the whole package
 I bought the whole Thule kit . The load bars are not that strong and the kit itself is very poorly designed and way over priced . Cheap flat hooks and a cheap carrier will work just as well .
 Purchased this kit since I purchased a Dorman Brake Master Cylinder . The Brake Master Cylinder did not contain a kit so I had to purchase this separately . Since my brake master cylinder has two holes , you would think that the kit comes with two plugs with the same size thread . It does not ! You would have to purchase two of these kits to have a matching set .
 When i received this , I think I got a good deal . Unfortunately , it gave me a great surprice . It does n't fit my car and I can not put it into the air filter housing .
 Bought 2 of these for 15.00 a piece and the first one did not work . Had to swap it for the second one which did work . It was not an easy change out due to the location of the cylinder but the auto parts store wanted 50 + dollars for one so I guess I came out ahead . The problem is I do not have a spare for the next time now . Had to wait a full seven days to recieve .
 The light is very bright , how ever it does not turn . So far I have returned two of them . I hope the third one works .
 The first time I used this it broke the connections that were soldered together came apart the wiring is so cheap I am surprised a huge company like Amazon sells this poorly made piece of scrap . I am telling everyone out there , please do not buy this product you will come out much further ahead if you just toss your money out your window !
 Two major issues : + Magnet is too weak . + Coiled cord has too much tension and is nearly impossible to run in a convenient fashion.Because the tension in the coiled power cord is so great , it creates pull on the light , to the point where it can overpower the magnet and drag it a bit . Nearly impossible to place on the center of your roof.I had it off to the side close to the door . Ran the cable to the cigg lighter , without much tension . At 70mph , the power of the magnet failed , and it became detached from my roof and was dangling outside my car . In doing so , it 's yellow case cracked.This product is great if you intend to drive around a parking lot . But if you plan to actually use it for public service where you may have to race to a position in your vehicle , then this thing blows and is a fail .
 Bought this just for placing on my Chevy pickup while plowing my driveway . I realize that these cheap beacons are basically `` disposable '' and I expect to have to buy a new one every year for the snow season , but this way under par even for the `` cheap and quick solution '' range of products.After having it on my truck for only 4 days and plowing only a couple of small storms it simply died.There 's definitely no problem with my power outlet - other similar products run from it just fine -LRB- even an older cheap beacon that I have on standby but do n't normally use because it 's not very bright -RRB- . The wiring construction is extremely poor and the magnet is weak in cold snowy weather . It will slip and slide all over your hood or cab roof -LRB- wherever you mount it -RRB- . I was n't worried about the short cord because I have a cig adapter close enough to the side that it does not need to stretch , but the cord length will definitely be an issue for most of you.I did n't have high expectations for this - just hoped to get 4 months out of it . Got 4 days instead . Returning and do NOT recommend . -LRB- too bad , because the shape is nicely aerodynamic and the light was quite bright for an economy beacon -RRB- .
 Usually , you get what you pay for . Sometimes , you get lucky and get more than what you paid for . Unfortunately , the Wolo Bright Star is actually worth less than the little bit I paid for it . First , the big design problem . It has a coiled cord , which means it has no reach unless you find a way to straighten it out . Second , the visibility is very poor in daylight conditions . Even on a cloudy day , this light wo n't really attract your attention more than a 1000 feet away . On a sunny day , this light is n't really noticeable unless you 're standing a few feet away . Finally , quality is very poor . After a few days of use , I noticed moisture building up on the inside surface of the light . It had only been exposed to a very brief and light rain shower , and it has a rubber gasket , so I was confused . I took off the lens and wiped it off , but the condensation came back a few days later . After a couple weeks , I 'm guessing some of that water finally made it to the motor because the light stopped working completely . How did the moisture get in there ? When I took the new light out of its box , the rubber gasket looked brand new . After a week 's exposure to the elements , surface cracks were appearing on all sides . For $ 25 , I guess you ca n't get quality components . Stay away from this one .
 I have bought three of these lights and two have quit working after an hour of service . will not buy anymore .
 This item might be okay for night use , but during daylight hours it is n't bright enough for any type of practical use .
 Bought this for my ATV , under the new law , have to have one . Used it once , and not it does not work at all . Total waste of money .
 This item checked out fine when inserted into my cigarett lighter . After instalation in trunk with auxiliary lighter it still worked . Then it lasted less than 20 minutes and quit . Ohm testing resulted in zero connectivity . Now I am having trouble getting a replacement !!! GRRRR !!!
 This product worked for two hours if so much . Up to this day i can not find out what happened . i guess i got what i paid for ... JUNK
 yes , it lets more air in but it also lets fine dirt in as well . buy a wix filter , they are cheep and have a good filter medium . i had to clean my throttle body after using this thing . .
 These work ok , but if you need just one side forget it . The company only sells the pairs . They do n't fit well . I wo n't buy them again .
 the 2 filters for my corvette were so drenched in oil that i was afraid they would screw up the mass air flow sensor
 I received my parts in the mail 2 days ago . I openned the box up and inspected the parts . The transmission drain pan was missing from the box . I contacted LISLE and got a quick response . I told them it is missing . That was yesterday . Today they tell me they are llooking for the transmission part on their shelves . My complaint here is I think they forgot who the customer is here . I already paid for the parts . I did not get all of them I was promised . I am now waiting for the parts and they think they need to go look for it in their warhouse somewhere . I think it would be better for customer service to just go get another box and open it up to get the trans pan and send it to me . If they wish to go search there warehouse and processes to fiqure out what happened that is all great but in the mean time I have to wait for them to sort it out before I get my completed order ? So I am still waiting for my part as this is the second day of talking with them . The part seems fine but the customer service needs some work.Casper
 The part is NOT IN STOCK ! I called before I ordered and he said he had it , then when I pu tthe order in , they called back and said it would be four weeks . I called back to ask again and this time it was six weeks !
 Well I love the cover !! Love the snapless !! BUT ... I bought this last year and already two of the corners have broke that hold the rail together . I have contacted support will see if they replace them . I will follow up on here when I get an answer
 According to this site , this should fit my 5 1/2 ft truck bed . But , when the product got to me and i start installing it , I realize that it 's too long . I emailed Lund and they informed me that for my truck bed I need part number 99072 . I 'm highly upset by this and I wo n't order anything for my truck from here again so I wo n't get burned like this again .
 Wanted to replace a straight section of coolant by-pass hose , but found this hose walls are thinner than the original .
 `` Best Price Mirror '' = HORRIBLE ! I purchased the headlight , and it arrived a week later than expected . Upon opening the package TWO of mounting tabs were broke due to poor packaging . I called the company 's `` customer service '' number multiple times a day for 3 days and did not get to speak to anyone . I sent an email to their `` customer service '' and did not get a reply until 2 weeks later - at which time they asked if I would like a replacement sent ? I answered yes , and that was 1 month ago ... no response , no confirmation , no headlight . Best Price Mirror = BAD BUSINESS practices !
 The tool is well built , but not very easy to operate with just 2 hands since positioning of hooks on spring can be an exercise in frustration.The bad news - forget to use this on recent BMW models like E60 platform
 During the shipping process it was n't handled in the best way . A very strong welded bracket that holds the driving compressor to the main frame was majorly distorted . The only thing i can think of doing that kind of damage , was it fell off the self and a forklift ran into it or it fell out of the trans port plane at 35,000 feet . If it was n't for OTC 's awesome craftsmanship . top notch welding and top grade steel , it would have snapped in many pieces !!! The box it was shipped in has four holes and were not talking about small pen holes.After that happening it would have been nice to return the tool with no problem . But It 's been hell trying to contact someone to discuss returning this damaged tool .
 I have this trailer brake and it worked fine on my small trailer . When I bought a new trailer with 3 axles , you barely feel that it 's there . I 'm in the process of buying a new one . Anyone recommend a good one for a 3 axle 25k lbs trailer . Thanks .
 This unit was installed in a Chev Silerado as per instructions with a plug wiring harness . It does not provide enough braking power for a twin brake axel trailer . When I buy a product I expect it to work as advertized , this unit was junk . If you are going to make a product do it right or get out bussiness . I replaced this unit with another brand . I will never buy another product from Hopkins .
 Think this through . Universal fit ? Well , not really!I 've heard such great stuff about how well everything is made and how well it all fits together But , it did n't work for me!I bought this product along with the emergency brake handle and all other cable systems to install in a 3/4 ton GMC truck . I should first start by saying that I called Lokar directly to confirm part numbers and order this equipment -LRB- I had to have a custom cable built by Lokar -RRB- and they referred me to a reseller . The guy at Lokar who helped me took all my information , looked up the part numbers for me and NEVER said there would be an issue . I was very specific about the vehicle , year and issue I was trying to solve.I ordered three items : Universal brake cable EC-80FHTBrake handle EHB-9200Connector cable for Brake Handle EC-8001HTI just went back to check their web site and technical information to make sure I did n't mess this up -- nope , not a word about not working with 3/4 ton trucks . Just a generic claim that it works with all GM vehicles , and Dana rear ends with drum brakes.All of my emergency brake cables arrive and I start to put this together and find that the mounting bracket hole on the drum brake backing plate is too large . The Lokar cables just pop right through and wo n't mount up . OK , I think it must be missing a bracket ? So I call Lokar tech support and ask how to solve this . Their response ? This system does not work with 3/4 ton pickup trucks ! The Lokar tech said `` if you want to use this parking brake system , you 're on your own '' . Really ? I just dropped close to $ 600 on what 's claimed to be a complete system . I 've spent two days of my valuable time pulling the rear-end out of my truck , getting the old parts out and now I 'm on my own!I would have been better off skipping this stuff and you would too , since I probably need to machine my own brackets , I could have purchased OEM cables and retrofitted a brake system from another vehicle out of a wrecking yard.Not sure what to do next . I had to cut my old cables to get them out of the truck , the Lokar stuff does n't fit , and it looks like I 'm going to pay for this upgrade twice !
 Very disappointing . Over all quality is poor , look and feel is not right , knob looks cheap and action is not smooth . Paid too much not worth the cost to ship back . Would not buy again .
 IF you buy a `` fitted '' mat from Weather Tech , be prepared to `` trim to fit '' ... the fitted product . I received the fitted floormats for my 07 Sport Trac in good time but they were n't fitted like they told me . As a matter of fact , if I had trimmed them , they still would n't have worked . Not even close . I called WeatherTech , thinking they had sent the wrong ones . The rep from WeatherTech assured me they were the correct ones and would require a little trimming to fit . I asked , `` trim a fitted mat '' ? She told me `` yes , we do not make any fitted mat that does n't need to be trimmed . WHAT ??? Also , the location pins in the floor were n't even close to the correct location on the mats . My vehicle has 2 on the drivers side , their mat only has 1 . Custom fit ??? Seriously?So , is it trim to fit the fitted mats or not a fitted mat that needs to be trimmed to fit?Good luck . .
 This item is of poor quality . The + -LRB- positive -RRB- contact at the bottom did not have a spring and therefore , did not make contact with the battery -LRB- AA type -RRB- . I used a spring from an old ball point pen and cut the spring in half and wound it around the + contact wire . This allowed the + contact to make a connection with the battery . Having done that , the tool does not work very good . The alligator clip is weak and of poor quality . the test light is partially obscured by the spring contact for the - -LRB- negative -RRB- contact of the battery . Even with a direct connection -LRB- test point connect to the alligator clip -RRB- the light glowed with varying brightness with each test.I can not recommend this product to anyone .
 Product received is NOT what is pictured as the item in listing.So I am STILL in need of , and looking for , the slotted tool -LRB- as pictured in the listing -RRB- to adjust my QuadraJet E4ME carburetor.If you too are seeking the slotted carburetor tool , what you see is NOT what you 're going to receive .
 I ordered two of this item as I needed to change the lift supports on the rear lift gate of my 2002 PT Cruiser.I received 2 items marked with the same part number but of different lengths . One of them was correct and I returned the other and will hopefully receive credit .
 This is strickly a hobby meter at best or for light duty maintenance , they forget to tell you that the meter can only measure in centigrade for temp . and can only measure 20uf of cap . not very much , especialy when most caps measure between 10 and 10,000 uf , also you can buy this very same meter at Harbor Freight for $ 19.95 . It is not a bad meter I have had mine for 7 years and beat the crap out of it and it still manages to function , if you are not a technition this would be a great meter for you , but if you are a tech get a meterman or fluke , they cost alot more but they also offer alot more ...
 The only reason I bought this particular model was because of the temperature probe . However , it 's very inaccurate so far . I 've only measured temps under 100 degrees fahrenheit , and it can be off as far as 10 degrees . At first I thought it might be a calibration issue , but I could n't find any info on calibrating the temp . However , later on I found that it could be 10 degrees too low OR too high . Useless for anything but finding out if an exhaust pipe will burn you before you touch it , and common sense may be more reliable.Other than that , the build quality seems decent , and I do like the rugged sleeve the unit comes in . I wish the built in clips did a better job of holding all of the leads , though.One more thing that bothers me - I hate sending all of our manufacturing jobs to China , and try not to buy products built in China . Buy American Or Buy Used ! I could n't find any concrete info on where this was made , but some of my research led me to believe that it was made in either USA or UK . I mean , if you go to the Velleman website , it 's got US flags all over it . I got the unit , and guess what - Made in China .
 Cute but not at all a proper fit for the high back 2003 toyota celica gt seats sent them back
 I would gladly provide a written review about the comfort and quality of this gel seat/cushion BUT it can not be used in the home until the VERY OFFENSIVE odors are gone . How many days ? I do not know ! Possibly formaldehyde or ??? The cushion seems comfortable if you can tolerate the noxious gases from the packaging and the cushion . Good luck !
 The photograph is misleading . It looks like it is raised in the back and would protect your tailbone . It is flat and , for me , was not comfortable .
 Nothing more than a cushion , get the original Obus Forme seat , it may now be called Conair , a much better product for those with back issues . This seat looks indented but it is really quite flat .
 I received this yesterday and it certainly does n't look like the main photo above , as others have mentioned . I had expected that , and tried it on a few short car trips , hoping it would be very soft and conforming . While the middle portion is softer , that leaves the firmer front edge pressing into the underside of your thighs . The cushion did n't seem to really conform or be gel-like , so I do n't think it is likely to ever look like the manufacturer 's photo.In order to understand how it was made , I unzipped the outer cover . You can see this on the photos I 've uploaded above . There is an inner knit bag containing a foam rubber cushion with a recess in the middle where a soft rubber mesh is glued . No way does the soft rubber mesh meet my definition of `` gel . '' It does allow your rear end to sink down into the cushion , but they could just as easily have contoured the foam rubber or used softer foam rubber . Using a `` memory foam '' would probably be the best , but that is n't what this is.Because I have n't found anything better , I actually cut open the knit bag and cut/tore the foam away from the front edge to taper it and hopefully eliminate the pressure on my thighs . Have n't tried it yet , but if it works much better , I 'll add to this review .
 Item does not look any thing like the picture . It is flat . I do n't feel any difference when I am setting for long periods of time .
 The cushion comes with an insert saying that the off-gassing is normal and will subside within two days . This is absolutely not true . I found no reduction in the truly offensive odor in a week . I even put it outdoors on the porch . Since I was looking for comfort , I tried putting the cushion into a plastic bag , just to try the feel . My advice to others would be to keep looking for an alternative to this product . There is nothing special about the design . It is not a fraction as comfortable as the pictures suggest , and the smell is not just obnoxious but probably wretchedly unhealthy . I returned it , at my expense , and received a refund .
 First of all the ad is completely misleading . It appears to be a formed cushion with a raised back and a seat that has a formed butt imprint . What you get is a flat cushion where nothing is raised anywhere and there is no form or shape . It is totally opposite from what you think you are getting . I used it anyway to see if it made any difference or if it was magically going to form to my rear . Needless to say , that did n't happen . I could have thrown any cushion in the chair and that would have served the same purpose . I 'm not going to the trouble of sending it back but if I were Amazon , I 'd take it off my website . Do n't waste your money !
 I purchased this cushion following hip replacement surgery . A disclaimer came with cushion about an odor that would dissipate in 24 hrs . Not true . I aired it for over 4 days-even outside in a nice breeze . The odor clung to clothing if one sat on it.So I tried to return it to HOMEDICS . My mistake ! That company has given me nothing but grief and I will never purchase any thing from them again . They insist the documents printed from this website do not prove I purchased the item . Meanwhile , UPS has picked it up for return to Homedics -- at their direction.I realise now that I should have returned it to Amazon . com , but at the time could not remember what website I had used for the purchase . Homedics also will not reimbuse me full price that I paid . I am sure this would not have happened if I had used the Amazon.com return policy . Buyer beware of Homedics !
 This is a nothing special cushion . I find the seams really irritating to sit on and the padding is nothing to brag about .
 I purchased this for use in office on office chair . I wanted it as the chair I have while padded is pretty hard . When you read Gel Seat you figure it will be somewhat sort and conforming to your self.This feels like a solid piece of foam , has no gel qualities and not very soft . I would not recommend it if you are looking for something to use to pad a seat and have gel qualities.I should have returned it at once but made the error of disposing of the wrappings and the box . This is probably the first time I purchased something on Amazon that I was not happy with and am just going to give it to another worker and look for a true Gel Seat .
 I was really hoping to get some kind of relief with this cushion . After finding out that I have 2 bulged discs in my lower back that are pinching my sciatic nerve I 've been looking for something to help me sit more correct and help relieve the pain from sitting at my desk job . Well 1st it looks nothing like they percieve it to look like on the net . It is definately does not have any form to it what so ever , it is totally flat . 2nd it has made my hip pain worse ! Gave it a week and just ca n't take it any longer , gon na see if I can return it .
 This shirt is made in Pakistan ... it came in very wrinkled and those wrinkles never gone away ! I gave away this shirt ... I simply hated it and wish I never bought it ! Leather is very cheap quality .
 I 've tried this adhesive several times , on valve cover gaskets , thermostat gaskets , etc. . It simply does n't work . The gasket will fall off as soon as it 's handled . Useless .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 doesnt open as easy as you think!put the key in , turn it counter clockwise , and then turn the cap the other way around ! or something like this!have to try multiple time with the key to get it in !
 Does n't fit my car despite Amazon 's saying it will . It 's close but not quite right and wo n't lock and seal ! Product itself is OK but be prepared to return it if you order it based on the fitment/application database Amazon is using . My stock cap was in decent shape so I ended up taking the rubber sealing ring off this new cap and installed it on the old to get a seal . I was able to clear the dashboard light so not a total loss !
 UPDATED
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 These things suck . So out of true . They may be cheaper , but there is a good chance you be having them turned to get them true . Buy Raybestos and be done with them .
 I even tried my own gasket-still leaks . I will not but again-I would not recommend it either . Sorry American Specialty .
 We purchased Glare Buster for framed artwork and applied the product in accordance with the instructions . Application was smelly but easy -LRB- tape off the frame and apply to glass in a back and forth pattern -RRB- . After the application , we allowed it to dry for 15 minutes . It looked awful ! The artwork now has a dull finish and looks completely washed out in any light -LRB- and it looks like there 's a thick film in low light -RRB- . The end result is completely unacceptable , and renders our art an eye sore.In short , we are very disappointed . We are now in the process of removing the application , and it is making a mess . Windex , paper towels , and a razor blade are all conspiring to make what was promised to be a solution to glare , something of a disaster -- and just to get back where we started.My suggestion to you is do not waste your money on this product because you may find yourself with an annoying cleaning/scraping project ahead of you , together with the same glare you had before messing it up with this product.Unfortunately , I am unaware of another product that can resolve the issue . But I do know that this one is not the answer .
 Definately not as advertised by the manufacturer . Eliminates glare yes but the effect is not unlike frosted glass or blurred vision . Thankfully it comes off with a razor blade and a dry brush -- messy , messy . Serious about glare , invest in anti-glare glass instead , this product is no substitute .
 I typically do n't like writing bad reviews but at this point I have no choice . I purchased a Window regulator from National Auto Part out of Indiana via Amazon . This part was a fairly simple and straightforward Install . I received the part 2 days from when it was ordered . So far so good . I was really impressed with the time frame of delivery . I opened it up and inspected the regulator . It all looked great . I installed the part on 12-27-10 , tested it and all was well . For only 2 days !! On the 12/29/10 , my window had stayed up when I attempted to scroll my window down . Upon removing the door panel , I came to realize that the cabling within the motor had gotten tangled up . . Faulty part . The worst part is that since then , -LRB- today is 01/03/11 -RRB- , I have left 2 voice mails , -LRB- though their voice mail states to only send emails -RRB- and 1 email . I have also attempted to contact the company directly without a response whatsoever . So at this point , I 'm stuck with a bad part and they keep my money . . Well that will be the last time I purchase from National Auto Part out of Indiana . Let this review be a warning to you consumers looking to buy parts online .
 I thought that I could save money by purchasing an after market product , but no . I paid a mechanic an hourly rate just to be told and shown that the regulator was bad . Now I own a $ 45 pice of junk .
 I expected this item to be sub par compared to the OEM item but it was total junk . The cable and pulley system broke the first time I tried it so I had to uninstall the whole system . I returned it for a refund and went down to the local autoparts store to buy a good window regulator for $ 99 . What a difference in build quality ! It was completely worth the extra money to buy a good product because you do n't want to have to replace this more than once .
 Should have read these , mine also lasted 2 days before grenading ... . not even gon na bother trying to fix it like the other guy , i am sick of ripping into my door . I am goin to the local parts store and getting something that works .
 I have this installed in my 2000 Tahoe . I do n't roll the window up or down unless absolutely necessary . It sounds like a banjo string ready to snap when the window goes up or down . I have bought a couple of these -LRB- more resonable -RRB- window regulators in the past and not had good luck with them . I 'm probably going to bite the bullet and spend the extra three times cost and get a factory one next .
 I purchased this same part through Amazon -LRB- National Auto Part -RRB- and received it today . Installed it uneventfully , lowered the window for the first time and `` pop '' ! The lower clasp was not installed on the regulator fully straight from the factory causing the clasp to dislodge and the cable to get sucked into the spool . Once in the spool , the cable kinked inside without the needed tension and jammed the motor . This is not something a consumer would recognize , as it should have been manufactured correctly from the factory.I uninstalled it , took it all apart , figured out what happened , fixed it best I could -LRB- the cable can not be fully straightened after being kinked like that -RRB- and re-assembled it , this time ensuring the clasp and all other parts were fully installed . I then put it back in the door , hooked everything back up and ran the window full up and down a number of times.Now I am attempting to contact National Auto Part for a replacement since this one will eventually fail again , seeing as the cable is partially kinked inside the spool . It 's only a matter of time.If you purchase this item , look at the lower clasp -LRB- one side has the pully , the other the clasp -RRB- and ensure it is fully installed to where the tiny plastic nub is fully seated in the metal hole -LRB- located next to the rubber stopper -RRB- . This allows the tension to remain as the cable winds around that corner.I 'll post again when I hear back from the company about replacement parts .
 I live in central NY . During the course of a normal winter we will normally receive over 200 '' of snow . I had a hoppy brush that is very similar to this one for 6 years in this type of conditions with out any problems until the locking mechanism for the swivel head broke . I needed to replace it so I bought this brush . What a waste . We are having a very light winter this year with very light snow fall and the brush probably wo n't make it this season . The grip part of the handle moves while you are trying to push snow . You are watching for that and then the extender nut starts to give way and your nice long brush is back to a short brush . The nut is set up so you have locked and unlocked . On the hoppy I had it was more of a nut you could tighten right down . Overall I 'm not happy with this purchase . I am estimating one year of service .
 Bottle filled less than half , contacted Amazon , they sent sent another , that too was less then half full . Expect to recieve 40ml for the price of 90 .
 wanted a simple gauge and got this one . Compared with 3 other known `` good '' gauges and this one is 3-4 psi lower than all other 3 -LRB- analog and digital ones from friends -RRB- . Also did another check
 Depending on the speed you push the guage onto the valve stem you will get readings that vary as much as 5 PSI . On my sons Pontiac G5 if I slowly apply the guage I get a reading of 34 PSI and if I push it on quickly I get 39-40 PSI ... JUNK ! I purchased several and they all behave the same way .
 Hard to read & off by 2 pounds always compared to a digital -- The notches on the ruler-like read out are hard to read as are by 2 's -LRB- 32 34 36 ... -RRB- and it is consistently HIGH by 2 pounds compared to a digital that I trust more . So calibrate it to a digital , and remember the correction factor .
 the head is too thick which makes it awkward to use on my automobile tires or my golf cart tires .
 I purchased this to replace the backup battery in a Verizon FiOS terminal . It was installed 12/27/11 , and now the `` Replace battery '' light is on again , so it lasted only 8.5 months . During that time , AFAIK we never had a power failure , so it was used only for backup . I understand that a back-up battery has a finite lifetime , but I 'm unhappy with the 8-month duration of this one .
 I will never buy an Interstate battery again . I have one in a Ranger and my partner has one in her Impala . Mine is 6 months old , hers is 1 1/2 yrs old and if we do n't drive our vehicle for a weekthe battery goes completely deed . Worst battery I have ever had , and I have had several in my 62 years of life . They are definitely over priced too .
 I want to buy 2 batteries for my tennis machine but I could not find the dimensions of the battery and I ca n't tell it fits or not . This vendor seems not doing detail job so I could not buy the battery at first place .
 If the battery you 're watching before you make the purchase does ` nt have the interstate label on it , you 're going to recieve a cheap knock off no matter what the description says . Shame on them ! Mine even looks used . Will not return because it works but will never be fooled again .
 The battery fit my FIOS box perfectly and everything worked exactly as it should - except instead of having a life of years , it lasted from March 2012 to September 2012 . Try a different brand .
 1.0 out of 5 stars Buyers beware!If the battery you 're watching before you make the purchase does ` nt have the interstate label on it , you 're going to receive a cheap knock off no matter what the description says.Shame on them ! This appears to be a cheap Chinese knockoff.Update 06/25/2012Battery is failing to hold charge . Tested charger and it is ok . JUNK
 I bought a 75 mo. . Interstate battery thinking the warranty was 75 mos . It has lasted 4 yr 4 mo and is now dying . I 've had the vehicle charging/electrical system etc. checked out and everything is fine . When I called the dealer , they told me that the policy on battery warranties changed for all mfgs . and that for me to trade it in under warranty , it would actually cost me more than just buying a new battery . So you really do n't get credit for remaining life as normally has been battery warranties . Still not clear to me but what 's the point in buying and paying for a 75 mo battery if the warranty is only good for 36 months . The dealer -LRB- which I really like -RRB- did tell me the break even point is 36 months so if it dies before that you get a free one but if it 's after that , you get zippo !
 Changed out the part and tossed the old defective one in the trash on pickup day . Turns out the new one is also a piece of crap and can not return it because I tossed the old one . Such is life . .
 I can not believe that you only get 5 months from this light and it 's gone !!! I use it , maybe , once a week and never leave it in the charger but only charge it after it has been used . I had another one like this and it lasted for 3 years . What a rip off !!!!
 Worked great for the first few months and approximately one year later could n't get it to keep a charge . No way to change out any component , would not recommend to anyone .
 Solid construction , bright light . However after a handful of time of limited usage , the battery goes . It will go on for a minute then flare out.Now I am trying to replace the battery , which so far is difficult to find . So it remains useless sitting on my workbench until I have time to spend looking for a battery.In hind sight it was inexpensive , but given my time to -LRB- hopefully -RRB- fix it , not worth it . I should have spent more to have something dependable .
 We were a little surprised when this Spotlight arrived . We were not expecting such a huge light . We would have liked something a little smaller in size . The light is nice and bright , but I do n't think it holds a charge very long . I do n't think I would recommend this to a friend .
 First off , the yellow version is the most current . Not sure why people think the black one is newer . If you visit the official company 's website , you see the yellow as the most current.I 'm very dissapointed in the light . Mine has a HUGE black hole in the middle when it 's on . It 's pretty much useless over 20 feet . Much like a couple other people who reported the same thing . I emailed the company and they explicitly said it was not normal , so I 'm willing to give it a second chance.From Cyclops Support : Thank you for taking the time to write ! The issue that you are describing with your spotlight is not normal . I suggest you return the lamp for a replacement unit .
 This is a terrible product !!! I bought this and after waiting 2 weeks to get here it didnt work ! so i called the company and its been 7 weeks and still not here !!!!
 I purchased this light from the Cyclops web site on December 4th , 2009 . Today is December 20th ,2009 and I have yet to receive my light . Have emailed them twice to find out the status of my order . Absolutely no response whatever . Going to call them tomorrow . It would appear that if you are one of the fortunate -LRB- ? -RRB- ones who purchase and actually receive this light you may be very disappointed if you ever need to replace or repair one based on the experience I 've had . That 's why I came to THIS site . To purchase a light from a company that will actually send it to me after I pay for it . Cyclops is , in my mind , a company that truly represents the old addage `` Buyer Beware '' . This is in no way a reflection on Amazon.com . It 's merely a warning about what to expect when dealing with Cyclops .
 I ordered this light because of the handle stand as depicted in the Amazon.com photo and the black finish . I received an older model prior to the redesign that is yellow and black . I 'm returning this light . Bright or not , I would n't have ordered what I received .
 The product was DOA . It is a big piece of yellow plastic that is destined for the landfill . I wish that companies built things to last -- sigh -- ah for the good old days . Even if the product had worked out of the box , I wonder if it would have lasted for more than one year?Amazon was very good about refunding my money , but we decided to buy local next time . My husband went to the Cabela 's store and bought a similar product ... brought it home and it came broken out of the box !!!!! This one is a big piece of bright green landfill fodder . We are still looking for a light that works !
 This is a reasonably bright spotlight with a nice , focused beam that concentrates the light well at great distances . We bought it a year ago , and it worked fine from last fall through this spring . We rarely use it during the summer months as the long hours of daylight up here in Michigan 's UP make it unnecessary . However , it was used once in a while and was regularly recharged.Started using it daily again over the last two weeks and it just died . Bulb is fine , contacts all fine . Apparently , the battery is kaput . It should last longer than a year.Although this is a bright light , it has several drawbacks : * You must remember not to leave it on the charger longer than specified -LRB- or risk ruining the battery -- a really dumb design -RRB- . * There is no charging indicator light -- another dumb design -LRB- or lack of design -RRB- . * It 's damn big and heavy.I think I 'm going to give up on rechargeable high-power spotlights . We 've owned a half dozen of them , all different manufacturers , and none have lasted . I think I 'd rather use one that requires regular battery changes . I 've got a six-cell MagLite that 's not as bright but , when I pick it up , I KNOW it 's going to work .
 Long ago I purchased a similar spotlight rated at 500,000 -LRB- 1/2 million -RRB- candlepower . This one is rated at 2.5 million candlepower by the manufacturer , but is nowhere near as bright as the old unit . I guess the definition of a candlepower has changed -LRB- grin -RRB- . This unit has an on/off switch . I also preferred the old unit 's trigger switch , which allowed easy momentary use . The trigger could also be locked for continuous use . With this one , momentary use is really not possible.The unit I received does not look like the picture . The one I received has one moveable support on the bottom , which can be placed in four positions to allow various upwards angles when the light is placed on the ground . It also has a `` pistol '' grip which swings up from the carry handle . This is supposed to allow you to use `` pinpoint aiming '' when holding the unit upside-down with the grip . Big deal . Leave out the grip and add more candlepower , please.I did not give it only one star because it does work.-dan z -
 Cyclops CYC-S6X Thor X Scout 6.5 Million Candle Power Rechargeable Halogen SpotlightI purchased this light back last year and when it arrived I followed all instruction . In the instructions it said the more the battery is used the longer it will last.Under optimum condition a fully charged battery will provide approximately 30 - 40 minutes of burn time . Within few months of recieving the light I couldnt get the battery to last longer then 5 minutes never ! The charger that came with it just stopped charging . I call thinking Cyclops would make things right again but that didnt happen.They wouldnt do anything , wouldnt swap it out or give me a new battery nothing !!! The only thing they did was send me a cheap charger and it worked for only few days and it stopped working . Customer service was rude and told me that I didnt charge the light the right way when I first got it and thats why it wont work . DO NOT buy anything from this company . The light is a pile of garbage and im giving you all a warning to stay away from these guys !!! CYCLOPS THOR SCOUT rechargeable spotlight GARBAGE !!!!!!!
 I purchased this from Amazon for my husband for Christmas . My husband had it on his Christmas list . He used this flashlight one time and then would not work !!! We were VERY disappointed that it did not last . We had to pay $ 10 shipping back to get another flashlight . I do n't think I will ever purchase something from Amazon , because it is a pain in the butt to return and more out of pocket money .
 Like the other reviewer I did not receive the item in the picture . The one I received seemed to be of a lower build quality and was a different product altogether . Thankfully Amazon is good with returns of this nature -- I bought the 20 million candle power light and have n't had second thoughts .
 Used for a week after initial charge but the thing went completely dead after 1st recharge -- I did not overcharge it -- opened it up to look for loose connections , all looked good -- but the damn thing is dead -- well , you get what you pay for I guess -- spend a little more for a Coleman or Brinkman ...
 Prosit worksconsBattery only lasts like 10 minutes maybe.cars must be running for the car plug to work.cables are not long enough .
 Like a shooting star these are super bright but only for a brief time . After only a short while the light dies and it takes a long time to charge them up . But if you need a quick spot light then go for it . I used them to play a field game of red light green light on a field during our first night at camp . They worked great but was very disappointed with their longevity .
 I got this hunk of junk for Christmas . When I first turned it on it only lasted a couple of minutes . I figured the batteries must need charging , so I charged it according to the instructions . When I tried it again , it still only lasted a couple of minutes . Replacement batteries cost almost as much as the light , so I guess this brand new light is headed for the trash . I feel bad that my daughter wasted her money on this thing . Only one good thing I can say about it , it is very bright , which does n't do me much good with bad batteries . Buy something else for sure !!!
 I bought this spotlight after hours of shopping comparisons , reading reviews , and checking all over the internet for the best deal on a good product . When it came it , it was MUCH bigger than I thought it would be . No big deal to me , but it does appear smaller in the picture with no hand for reference . It can get heavy quickly , if you do n't hold it with two hands . Anyhow , I immediately hooked it up to charge with the house adapter . I let it charge for 20 hours , like it said in the intructions . I read somewhere else , that if you over-charge it , past the first 20 hours , or past the subsequent 8 hours that it says to charge it every time after the first time , that overcharging will damage the battery . I did n't see that in the product instructions , and since there is no light or other indicator to show you when it 's fully charged , I just followed the package directions . After it was fully charged , I used it three times , for under 10 minutes each time . The lamplight faded and was very dim , so I charged it for the 8 hours . When I unplugged it , it had n't changed the light . It was dimmer than before , suggesting that it never charged at all . After second thought , and trying this one out and sending it back -LRB- Amazon makes it super convenient and easy to return things -RRB- , I would n't buy this again . I 'm going to spend a little more money , and read reviews and comarisons again , and find a better spotlight ... hopefully one that has some kind of charging indicator , and a charging process that does n't damage the battery if left charging for too long , in case I ever forget to unplug it in the future .
 First , I bought the unit in this picture and as it clearly says on the side of the unit it 's a 15 million candle unit , not 2.5 million which the title states.This is one of the worst products I 've ever purchased and want my money back.The main switch did n't last even two months before failing . Now I 'm stuck with a brand new flashlight that does not work and no where to buy parts for it.Do yourself a big favor and move on to the next company .
 This is big waste of money . Sure it 's bright but will only last about 20 minutes . No charge indicater . mine lasted 6 months with minimal use . Did not leave it pluged in to recharge except when I needed to use it . . Went to use and pluged in to recharge and now it wo n't work . Can not get a hold of company to find out what is wrong . Bulb is fine . Battery sucks .
 I purchased this item and used it a few times . After a few times of minimal use the product still looks brand new . i charged it just like the directions said and now only using the product under 10 times the light will not even work . The bulb is fine terminals are fine so ive determined the battery must be junk . I will never by this braND OF lantern again !
 light weight , small 20 min battery that takes 20 hours to charge and did n't even work!Every one says cyclops is good it is not , get your self a cree and some 18650 's or 14500 's
 I 've had the same problem as many others that have reviewed this product . My main gripe is that you charge it for 8 hours at least , and you get 5 minutes of light . We got this as a gift for emergency preparedness in case the power goes out , and a candle is more useful than this piece of crap . Not worth your money . I found the battery online , and it costs 23 dollars at least . That 's almost as much as the flashlight itself . Stay away people . I do n't know how this company stays in business .
 The name of this product is extremely misleading . I purchased two in November 2010 and charged as recommended . The first time I used one the light was very bright but only for five minutes . I went for the second one and the same thing happened . Thinking I had not charged properly I recharged and next time power went out experienced the same thing . I was able to reach the company 's customer service department and they graciously took the products back and replaced . During the Halloween snow storm in the east we lost power for 48 hours . This product was totally useless . I am returning both the company tomorrow in hopes they will refund my money .
 I bought these Rotors for my 2005 Toyota Sienna Van . After installing them and taking a test drive , I heard a constant scraping sound and had a difficult time stopping the vehicle . After taking everything apart again and checking the new rotors against the factory originals , the measurements on the Beck Arnley Rotors were different . The difference was the depth of the center hub was 1/16 '' off . The result was the Beck Arnley Rotors were then 1/16 '' off center , thus causing the scraping and difficult stopping.In the end , Amazon promptly took them back and refunded my money . However , I ended up spending two days trying to figure out and resolving this problem . I do n't know if it was a Beck Arnley manufacturing mistake , spec error , packaging mistake , or what - but I would avoid purchasing this brand again .
 I have a Mitsubishi Montero , and the seat covers fit quite well over the headrests . Easy to install . The quality is not the highest , but neither is the price . Allow a little slack in the seat , as these will probably split if the fit is snug . Again , they fit a Montero well . Would recommend them .
 I got a set of these to replace my stock sway bar end links when they wore out and started rattling . These only lasted about 30k miles before the dust boots were badly cracked and one had fallen off . The fact that they are greasable is kind of useless if the dust boots wear out so quickly . Once the dust boots are dead , the end links quickly deteriorate and the rattling returned . Does n't seem like it would be such an issue if they just made the dust boot a little thicker . It 's pretty thin .
 Ok . I normally do n't do product reviews . I could not help myself on this one and given the fact that I read lots of them on products , I decided to do one on this piece of junk . I ended up ordering a $ 65 1100 watt inverter here that worked flawlessly . Let me start off by saying that I am not a novice with electrical components and wiring . I purchased this unit for my boat , because it stated it had a marine conformal coating . Paid $ 229 for it . I installed a large optima 155 rc battery to run it . I was attempting to run a 100 watt avanti refridgerator when at sea and periodically a 700 watt microwave and nothing else . It ran the fridge ok . But when I attempted to turn on the microwave it would cycle . I had 2 gauge power and ground running to the inverter , less than a foot from the battery . I called their customer service department and got voicemail . Try calling them yourself and you will find that they take days to respond . After finally getting a technician on the phone he told me i needed a second battery . So I purchased another $ 230optima battery . Same issue . This was capable of producing more than 150amps of power . Still nothing . I returned it thinking I had a bad unit . no go with second unit . Called service again . This was going on the third week . All I can say is that they are terrible . If I could have given a 0 I would have . how the heck can a $ 65 inverter work with only a single battery and 8 gauge power and ground work ? A $ 280 brick this product is . DO NOT BUY PROMARINER . Do n't believe me ? Call their customer service department and see how long it takes to get a call back . Total joke . I am now out $ 350 because of their lies .
 Small and not very heavy duty . Kept existing winch and just replaced the frayed cable with a strap . Only good for tiny applications .
 This thing is SO tiny and small it 's a joke.Not glossy . A very dull black.Did I mention its tiny?I through this in the garbage.Ridiculously small . What a joke!I do NOT recommend this product !
 GReat Product Horrible Seller and shipper . Product could have a stronger screw down for inside light / fuse to tighten will come apart after time and the wire will come loose from inside over period of time . over priced for it , but its small and has the hook awsome
 I bought these sway bar bushings for my 1999 Toyota Camry and they are the wrong size , the length if them are to long . I did not find out until i took the old ones out . Not sure how to return them ... recommend that you buy them from a local auto parts dealer .
 Only plus is that they look good.The fit is mediocre . There is no stretch areas so fitting them is a pain and there are still areas that are either too tight or too loose . Getting them on the back of my front seats required cutting out pieces of the factory seats.They are n't waterproof at all . They might as well be made of terrycloth , they absorb liquid that well.After 1 year , I have multiple tears , including the back seats which see VERY little use.Buy the Wet Okole
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 One of the things `` Custom '' meant was an exact fit for a particular seat -LRB- in this case . -RRB- These covers , while nicely finished , clearly are a generic type for different bucket seats . As such , they work OK . What does n't work is the closure - hook & loop - at the top of the seat . Not nearly enough overlap of the Velcro fastenings - you will need to add separate pieces to both the seat top and the cover itself , for them to close properly . I expected a little better from Saddleman.I chose not to install the headrest covers as the opening through the headrest is lost .
 Installed easly on Sierra 2500HD 08 , but it was waste of time and money.my stock was functioning way better than Gabriel ultra.I really dont know what to install.this is my first time to install shock abzorber other than stock.Ultra here has no relation to ULTRA .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 The LIM gasket in this set may eventually leak at the water jackets . There 's just not enough beef on these red ones to hold the jackets on this tight engine design . The updated gasket set from Felpro uses beefier Permadry `` BLUE '' rubber seals on a plastic frame . It uses the same exact part number and is available at local parts stores . Felpro also makes a set that uses a metallic frame and big black rubber seals . But the seals are so big they get pinched off and can fall down into the intake port , which I ' v seen happen .
 The product would be what is expected , if the product would have been shipped with all the correctly manufactured parts . One of the linkage tab holes was never drilled nor was the end of the tab properly rounded and formed to allow the use of the part . Since time is of the essence and returns are a pain with awaiting reships , I had to suck it up and do the best I could , with what was provided , do to a lack of proper quality control .
 I would give this company a negative rating if i could . I ordered the part next day delivery and didnt recive it for a week and a half . It clearly says on it PASSENGER SIDE and even the order form inside the box said PASSENGER SIDE however when i opened the box it was the drivers side not the passenger side like it said . I would not buy another part from these people if my life depended on it . Shippment came all the way from Arizona and it no wonder i got the wrong part probably a bunch of mexicans that cant read english ...
 You get what you pay for . The cost of these headlights was pretty good , but the overall fit is poor and both have fogged up under humid conditions . The driver 's side headlight takes on water when it rains and when I wash the car . I also have serious questions about how long the lens plastic is going to hold up before it begins to craze and fog up . I would avoid these particular lights .
 I recently purchased Syntec and wo n't buy Castrol products again for the bit of deception they pull here.Despite what the market blurb on the bottle might say , this is not a true Type IV-V synthetic which contain no petroleum . This is actually a Type III petroleum product . They should advertise it for what it is .
 Last no mor&eacute; than 2 months , i changed for my oem , , i bought oem again , because i putted , my oem in the trash .
 I bought a 1998 Oldsmobile silhouette van Headlight -LRB- driver side -RRB- # 20-5124-00 10368389 . I did install it in my car and after three weeks and couple rainings I did check it and had 1/2 inch of water inside -LRB- looks like a fish tank -RRB- . I wont ever recomend an item like this to anybody.I did waste my money .
 This is the WORST !!!!!!!!!!! Product in the history of wax/restoring liquids I have ever used !!! Do n't buy it looks good after the first coat but in the long run it does a ton of damage like leeching all of the color from the surface , weakens seals , gaskets , and any other plastic/rubber item.Take this note from a car freak who has had to have his car 's `` Lamborghini '' retrimmed and refinished !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Which cost a over 5,000 dollars !!!!! being a vintage 1990 model
 Firstly , the instructions for this unit are horrible . They instruct you how to install the tail lights , but make absolutely no mention of how to install the side marker lamps . If you have done this before , you can figure it out , but otherwise , you are left guessing how to wire them in properly . Also , the provided ground wire is only about 12 '' long . It should be at least 8 feet long . With a 12 '' ground , you are certainly left having to splice in another piece so you can reach a suitable place to attach the ground to the frame . Usually this is done at the stud for one of the side markers . I found myself scrapping around for an extra piece of wire and ended up clipping the ground wire to the coupler . It wo n't last long like that though . Also , this unit uses ` quick connectors ' for the terminals inside the lights . This are where you push the wire through the back and a spring holds them in place . That 's great for making the install easy , however it leaves room for error , and it also will fail in a few years when the cheap springs lose their tension . A simple screw terminal would be a great feature and would insure a solid connection for years and years . I 'm overall very disappointing in this product , and would avoid it at all costs . It works , but I do n't think it will last , and I hate to have to rig up the ground wire with a brand new setup , it would be nice if it was provided at the proper length to begin with .
 Looks very thin , like water . Almost no suds . Feel ripped off . Been buying wig shampoo for years and have never ever seen a shampoo that looks this thin . Will definitely not buy this product again .
 Not very waterproof even in Texas & already has tears after only 6 months despite being well cared for & rarely used .
 I placed the original order back in July of 2010 for this item . I have been going back and forth with Best Mirror to no avail . I really do n't like the fact that you purchase something and you ca n't get somebody on the phone for assistance . This is really bad service . I would like my money back or the item . But I ca n't seem to get either . I have bought many things through Amazon and I am very disappointed on this purchase.Eloy Molina .
 i checked the compatibility with my car and this and they said it would wrk with my car , but it did n't . Be careful when ordering car parts .
 I ordered this battery as a replacement for the one in my security system . Installed and forgot for a few days . Decided to check it out and found it had leaked ! Not only is there acid on the wall but also on my $ 200 gore-tex fishing jacket !!! Contacted the seller and they said they could only offer me $ 45 because that 's all Amazon will allow . Not very happy ...
 Look at the product description . I thought I was ordering what is in the picture . Suffice to say , I was disappointed when I saw my actual product .
 Great little mat to put over top of a rear floormat , but not nearly large enough for the back of an SUV as a spill mat . Cute and durable though .
 I paid for the one day air service and it came in two days instead of one , then its the wrong item ... the grill on da picture doesnt matches the grill i recieved .
 have been looking for side view mirrors a little closer to oem quality and thought these were them seeing the dorman name . i guess i was wrong , these mirrors are the same china junk everybody else sells , poor quality , ca n't see anything in the mirror at speed shakes like theres no tomorrow , crappy fit . this country is in big trouble !
 The CL series all have SNELL ratings , except the XXXL size . I was disqualified for a race as a result . Too bad I do n't know how to shrink my head ...
 Tail light was installed on PWC trailer and functioned flawlessly until it was submersed in water . This light is not submersible as it suggest .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 would not recommend it is to hard a stiff to seal around your hose in a RV should be a softer sponge material
 This same sewer hose seal sells for $ 2.95 at Wallmart . Why does it cost $ 7.95 online ?? why the big jump in price ? Someone is making WAY too much money on this item .
 Bought this item for my trike to use on a trip this summer . I especially liked the fact that it came with a rain cover . HOWEVER , it also came with holes designed in the bottom for the bungees to pass through to hold it on . So what good is a rain cover if you put holes in the bottom to allow water to come in ? I opened the package as I was packing , after the 30 day return limit so I had to pay return postage . Never expected the bag to have holes designed into it . Why not sew an additional piece on the outside bottom to secure the bag and bungees ?
 I bought two blades for my car . The adapter for one blade would not fit , the adapter for the other was missing from the package . In my almost 50 years of driving , during which I 've always replaced my wiper blades myself , I have never seen such poor hardware . However the blades themselves seem adequate -- if you can get them on . I had to reuse the adapters from my old Bosch blades , which with a very slight alteration fit fine .
 Do n't buy these . I bought a pair for my car in the 20 and 24 inch size and for my wife 's car in the 18 and 19 inch size . I am sure these were the correct sizes but the blades did not fit either my window or my wifes window correctly . Only the middle 1/3rd or so of the wiper contacted the window and they did not work . I returned them and bought simple , cheaper , non teflon blades at a local auto store and they work great.Save your money
 I am in my 60s and have installed a lot of wiper blades . I have almost always used Trico and have been happy with the brand . However this time on one blade the adapter necessary to fit the blade to my car simply would not fit . This was not a problem with the second blade because the adapter was missing from the package . Fortunately with a very slight , simple alteration I could use the adapters from my old Bosch blades in the new Tricos .
 I have a 1999 VW Passat , and I have n't changed my wiper blades myself all that often -- generally the auto parts store employees come out and do it for me -LRB- good and bad for obvious reasons -RRB- . It took me FOREVER to figure out that I did n't need to use the adapter included in their package -- the adapter was needed to install my previous blades , and they fit on the end of the hooks just perfectly , so it was mind-boggling to me that the wiper would n't install . Omitting that made wiper installation a `` breeze . '' I am STILL steaming . I would have appreciated one tiny statement on the instructions saying that the adapter might not be necessary .
 I had to return this insert as it was the wrong one in the box . The product did not fit my vehicle .
 I read some negative reviews about this product but did n't listen . I have a long commute daily and seeing clearly in the nasty winter months is vital . So I purchased what I thought would be a good investment but they did nothing but cause streaking and decreased my overall visibility . After first use I thought there was some sort of film on the blades and the windshield to remove any residue so I thoroughly cleaned thinking this would improve the wiping action . I was wrong yet again . Streaking did not improve but actually got worse.I 'm not sure if I did something wrong or if the blades are defective but my experience was not a good one and lost my money on this deal .
 These pads were put on the front of a Honda Pilot . They were in place for about 25 K miles . I do n't drive the car regularly -LRB- wife 's car -RRB- so I dont ' know when the judder started.I found that I could make the judder go away with 4 or 5 stops from 50MPH -LRB- procedure found on `` Tire Rack '' for break in -RRB- which means to me that these pads were depositing something on the disc that was causeing the grip > slip > grip of tell tale judder making it feel like a warped disc . The judder would go away for 5 k and then come back . I 'm not sure what was the cause for the deposition , perhaps a hard stop and holding the brake down -LRB- like at a stop light -RRB- but not releaseing the brake to let the car roll forward just a bit . Im thinking that the hot disc was forcing the pads to deposit something onto the disc creating the judder.I replaced them with OEM pads and have n't had a problem in 15k or more miles , same type of driving as before . During the replacement process , I had the Discs turned . BUT had done the same thing done while using the satisfied brake pads.They stopped well and consistantly and did n't fade when they were in use , so they get a 2 instead of a 3 or 4 . I hope they work better for you .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 The motor burnt out and the regulator needed to be replaced again 6 months after installation . Poor quality .
 Finally got the new seat covers and they did n't fit !! Doubled checked the order , all numbers and the picture is correct . Truck info is correct and seat covers are wrong !! It is a totally retarded design !! They send you one sheet of generic instructions that do n't apply to these seats and show no seatbelts at all . There is no way to put the covers on over the attached seatbelts even though the ordering picture shows them doing that . Even the fit around the console between seats not comprehensible -LRB- and cheap plastic material -RRB- . The design and instructions for these are worse than bad . Do not buy - they will not work !
 After one year of light use I have to get a new one . The vinyl on the top became brown gray , looking very bad , probably staining from dust becoming moist . but the reason I need to replace is that the very cheap zipper came apart . considering I only changed tanks maybe twice this year , and operated the zipper less than 50 times to access the tanks valves , that is disappointing . I did n't expect much for $ 27 but it should really have lasted longer.I will look for a product from another company for a replacement .
 Finally got the new seat covers and they did n't fit !! Doubled checked the order , all numbers and the picture is correct . Truck info is correct and seat covers are wrong !! It is a totally retarded design !! They send you one sheet of generic instructions that do n't apply to these seats and show no seatbelts at all . There is no way to put the covers on over the attached seatbelts even though the ordering picture shows them doing that . Even the fit around the console between seats not comprehensible -LRB- and cheap plastic material -RRB- . The design and instructions for these are worse than bad . Do not buy - they will not work !
 i guess what i was trying to use the product for didnt work , so expectation was a little high until i used it . needless to say this product is only good as a filler and not to be used to support anything .
 Product was defective and grey/purple in color . called company and they sent out a new one to only receive the exact same horrible product . company was no help at all . Called Herculiner instead and they sent out a new uv top coat as well as a whole new bedliner kit to fix what the uv topcoat ruined . the one herculiner sent was black in color and was in the new bottle . do not buy from this company until the bottle has a white label or find a company that has the new batch of uv topcoat . as far as I 'm concerned their 100 % satisfaction guarantee is a load of bs and is not honored the slightest .
 i was hoping that it can reduce dust in the car . . but it is making more ... and it does not fit well .
 They accept the payment , but never sent the Item.Now I have to cancel after three weeks of waiting.unbelievable but true , do not send e-mail to keep you informed .
 I installed one of these on my '02 Maxima a couple of years ago . Even after bleeding the system perfectly , my car still whines like an old Ford Grenada in parking lots . I really recommend spending the extra money for the factory Nissan hose instead of trying to save money with this one . This hose does seem to do the job though , and so far my power steering pump has n't failed , but I ca n't imagine the noise it 's making is good for it .
 Terrible fit in a 2-inch hitch , rattles around , terrible design
 This step does not function well . It should have had a 2X2 insert to hold and align the step . Instead . it only had a flat plate allowing the step to swing from side to side . My receiver pin hole location -LRB- ford F150 -RRB- is very different than the step . I spent time filling and re-drilling the hole to keep the unit tight to the receiver . It helped a little but did n't stop the wobble . My truck has a shell with barn doors so I am always `` backing out '' . Blindly planting a foot on the wobbly step is too risky so I stopped using it .
 Item had poor packaging , looks opened and reclosed , may have been a previous return.Also , this was a gift , it looks more like a used re-gift
 Cheap construction , poor fit , and it rattles like crazy . It will serve the purpose , but it simply was n't built for the abuse of staying on the back of a Wrangler . I 'd spend a little more money for a better quality hitch step if I did it all over again .
 That this grease gun also requires a compressor to use it.I have been trying to find a quality , made in America , grease gun for the longest time . I refuse to buy foreign made products especially from China and will gladly pay much more for American made.I thought this grease gun would fit the bill until today , 6 months after purchasing it , did I learn that I need a compressor to operate it.Therefore , this grease gun is useless to me so it gets one star .
 I got it because it was cheap . I got what I paid for . I have no idea what the magnets said to be inside are for and it does n't bother explaining it in the packaging . It 's basically cheap foam on a cardboard backing with a thin cover . It does cushion a little , but it 's not something most folks would rave about . Other than covering a hole in a worn out car seat , I 'm not sure what the purpose of it is . It does have a pretty good system for strapping it to the seat , with 3 sets of connectors .
 Amazon needs to update your info you called out the incorrect installation kit for my year truck had to return them and contact the maker of the running boards to get the correct installation kit
 Have not received items waited a month ... keep moving the delivery date further and furter away . would not buy again .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 for the price this mirror serves its purpose . I had to use a different wiring solution to tap into the factory wire harness because the one that came with the kit was bulky and awkward . Its still hanging , i 'm happy with it .
 Look out . It 's hard to look back . This mirror maker has made a lot of mirrors for GM and probably others , but the one I got from them is terribly inaccurate . When flipping the lever to a night mirror , I have to re-adjust the entire mirror itself as the inner angle is way off . It 's an unnecessary pain . I 'd have sent it back if it had n't taken so long to find out . -LRB- wife 's car -RRB- Very poor quality control . Paid too much for this $ 8 mirror . You might ought to pass on this one ...
 I do n't think he should be spanked.I think he might learn more from a couple of German shepherds instead of his brave little dachshund .
 Notice the reviewers that gave this five stars said that they were against spanking BUT ... You know , `` We do n't believe in spanking a young child , too young to reason with , when they are directly defiant , on their little rears where it wo n't cause any lasting harm BUT , if you hold a belief that we do not ... well , then ` violence ' is OK . `` What a bunch of two-faced garbage . `` I 'll teach someone to disagree with me ! I 'll advocate harm to them ! `` Either , it is always wrong and you should be disgusted with this bumper sticker as well as Dobson 's books because `` violence '' is not the answer , or it is not what you choose to do but other loving parents may choose differently in their home as long as they maintain self-control , or else spanking is acceptable and good . It can not be wrong for everyone except you when you disagree with someone.Come on people . Just because someone comes to a different conclusion than you on an issue , that does n't make them a monster . Reasonable people can disagree ; reasonable people understand that people can disagree -LRB- even with them -RRB- on many things and still be reasonable , decent people.This is a stupid , juvenile item that only seeks to insult a person who holds a view different than the person who puts this on their car .
 America says
 I agree with Khyraen 100 % on this one . Completely childish and shows the hypocrisy of those who are supposely againsts spanking , and the baloney that they now need therapy ! Imagine the outcry if someone made a simular `` bumper sticker '' about one of them.I have mentioned this before and I will say it again . This section is for REVIEWS . It is NOT a debate forum and it is NOT a place to launch personal attacks against those who share different views from you . Grow up !
 It wo n't let me rate with no stars.Beating is wrong . Spanking on the behind is a very useful tool in raising a person with a good character , unselfish behavior , and a person who strives to be fair to others in their endeavors . People who do n't like spanking have either never been disciplined or have been subject to the abusive side of discipline.Also , if you do n't have children you ca n't accurately give an opinion.When looking at a group of children you can see who is well disciplined and who is n't by their relationship with their peers . Those who are spanked are more pleasurable to be around . The unspanked usually are the spoiled , want their own way , whiny children . Step back and take a look around you .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 It did work with my Nissan Quest 2001 , but the standard base didnt fit so I had to use the old one ... but at the end it fitted and worked the way it should be .
 I broke one of these open long ago with a light hammer blow . Master Lock replaced the lock , but I have n't trusted the design since . I suspect I could still easily defeat one of these locks with an ordinary claw hammer .
 The first thing I noticed about this helmet was its cheap construction . The plastic shell feels flimsy and plastic trim pieces feel like they could very easily be ripped off . The construction is not solid enough to inspire much confidence in safety . Even for just $ 80 , I feel like I 've been ripped off .
 Got two of these at the end of the season -LRB- Sept -RRB- . So I did not use them until this spring so the warranty is no good . Always had a problem with the release button to pick up the chin bar on both of them . After just a few rides one of the buttons broke and will not work at all . I would stay away from Fuel helmets .
 We received the package today , and it turned out to be a used piece of trash . The box inside the packaging had a label saying `` Damaged '' on it . The helmet itself had been used and had a 2-inches long crack on it . They had sent us a broken product that had been clearly marked as broken . This is unacceptable and highly degrading .
 I ordered the XLg version of this helmut but I noticed right off that it was too small . After I examined it closer I noticed that the padding in the helmut was sized XLg . I then removed the padding and saw a big L inside the helmut . What they did was to put a XLg padding inside a Large size helmut and then called the thing Xtra-Large . Apparently they had no XLg helmuts around so they sold me a Large helmut with an XLg padding ! Better to stay far away from this as you probably wo n't get the size that you ordered .
 Had this helmet for a week and its about 15 minutes from home to work one way each day . This is the most uncomfortable helmet I have ever had . The padding fabric has honey-cone shape at the center -LRB- from the forehead all the way to the back of your head -RRB- to help air circulation . But this honey-cone shape fabric cut into the skin of my forehead so much , it left a honey-cone imprint on my forehead for an hour -LRB- keep in mind , this is only 15 minutes ride -RRB- . The imprint will last for up to 2 hours on my forehead . I do n't understand why the other reviewer , Flo Troche , said its comfortable . My guess is he must be working for this company or something . And you might question maybe my size is not correct , and that is just not the case , it fit perfectly on my head . I had carefully measured my head size with the chart .
 The overall construction is crap . big seams , misaligned rivets and such . very uncomfortable , part of lining digs in to my ear . it is gigantic . like shoulder width , no kidding . although it feels really tight for a large . its not too heavy but the weight is so spread out and high up over your head it makes you feel -LRB- and look -RRB- like a bobble head . and it is HOT . fogs up really bad too . the vents are apparently just for show , even at 65mph there is no difference when they are open or closed . pass on this one .
 I was looking for some new bulbs so I can have a really bright light and I since the description is xtreme white plus , I figured I go with these . After installing these in my car there was no difference at all in brightness . I was expecting to at least being able to see the difference . These are more like a replacement bulb than anything .
 ok so about 4 months ago i installed an HID kit in my low beamsand my highs are orange color so they make it look off if they are on at the same timeso i wanted to get a set of PIAA intense xreme white plus bulbs and these suckers do n't look a think like they do in the picture the top of the bulb is not blue it is blue tinted all the way around the bulb not just the top they look very bad going to be returning them when i have the time to take them out of the car have done alot of work on the car the last few day sand a bit of a pain to take the headlamps out again but will do it when i get around to itvery bad quality
 I was using stock bulbs and switched to the PIAA from a friends recommendation . Honestly Iam not impressed by the PIAA performance , looks exactly the same as the stock bulbs , no blue/white color and same brightness . Save your money and stay with the stock bulbs ...
 they looked good . but i wasnt sent any spacers.they dont do on good . leaks if it rains at all . waste of like 75 bucks or whatever the overpriced price is .
 I ordered these & got sent the wrong one 's so sent them back & ordered a diff set & still got the wrong one so im not ordering another set
 How bad was my experience?First , I ordered a left and right headlight . They did not ship the lights until AFTER Amazon 's projected receipt date had elapsed.Second , when I received the order , they had sent two PASSENGER side lights . -LRB- Read other company reviews . This was not the first time they did this ! -RRB- Third , I contacted the company three times over two weeks to get satisfaction . They used some baloney excuse , saying my phone number did n't work -LRB- they called an old number , but my email address was just fine ! -RRB- . I got promises up one side and down the other that the left -LRB- driver 's -RRB- light would be in my hands by a promised date . Guess what ? No light . And rather than call me back , when I contacted the company last week , the rep refunded the price of the light plus shipping.I do n't want a refund , I want a driver-side headlight!Now , where in the heck am I going to get a driver-side light ? The car looks like a cyclops on wheels , with the passenger light nice and clear and the driver 's light scratched and dark.Avoid this company at all costs . Pay a few more bucks and avoid the brain damage.Based on all the similar , negative reviews I 've seen for this company , Amazon should consider removing them as a vendor . Amazon 's reputation is clearly sullied by this unreliable , amateur-hour operation .
 autolite 96874 spark plug wire set app ; ication info wrong . Says it will fit ford explorer with sohc engine , but wires are too short .
 I bought two of these cushions because a co-worker of mine wanted one for Christmas and I thought that if she liked it then maybe it would be a good gift for my boyfriend . The concept sounded good - a heated , massage cushion that can be plugged into an outlet in your home or in your car . The good thing about the cushion is that it does get remotely warm so its nice if your backside gets cold when your driving , but the `` massaging '' part is just some fast vibrations which makes your teeth chatter and your muscles tense up . Its horrible if you have back and neck problems . I really wish that I could send mine back but since they were used as gifts -LRB- which I feel terrible about giving -RRB- , then it will just stow away in some closet somewhere .
 Purchased for a '08 500 Sportsman . Save your money . May quiet other ATV 's but not worth it on Polaris . Most all noise you hear is engine not exhaust . Objectively , I would say you may experience 20 % reduction in total noise . That is my opinion .
 I got the bumper sticker promptly , however ; It was n't the sticker I order and the stickers I received were faded . I sent an email to the company and no one responded . I just ended up eating the cost .
 I received my TM Ford Oval 2 '' billet hitch cover in the mail and was disappointed as soon as I saw it . The blue is a really light blue -LRB- did not even come close to the blue on my ford insignia -RRB- and did n't match up at all . the quality of the piece -LRB- all steel -RRB- was good though . I wish the company would have taken the time to get the paint right .
 The bag you see could NEVER hold the items pictured . It is very small and the Velcro provided can not even hold up the BAG 'S WEIGHT , much less if you tried to put anything into it . The top loop is way too SMALL to hook over anything , so it has rendered itself COMPLETELY USELESS ! Now I need a LARGER litter bag to THROW THIS ONE AWAY !
 the tape is n't that strong . i had to put some gorilla glue because they were coming off .
 Well , this was to organize my glove box . Not sure what everyone else has in the box , but for me it simply did n't provide enough space . All compartments are very tight , forget to fill both sides - you would n't be able to close the organizer . If you have a few business cards and a pen to store , this would do - otherwise I would not recommend it . I had to return it .
 This product smells like rubber . It ended up in a plastic bag , and I believe the next stop will be the garbage bin .
 I am sorry to report that this manual was of no help in solving my problem . -LRB- I had sudden failure of the blower motor -RRB- . I expected the wiring diagram for the heating/AC system to show some relays that could be the cause . I assume that one of the five existing relays under the hood would be to control this system , but I could not find any diagram showing these . There was little help , useful to me , on this particular portion of the heating/AC system . After replacing the resistor , and checking out the blower motor I eventually replaced the ` on/off ' speed switch and that solved the problem .
 I had been given this device as a gift some time ago . Recently , I had the unfortunate opportunity to try it out . I could not fit either connector into the cigarette lighter or other receptacle of either car . The width of the connector was too thick to fit into the receptacles to make contact . What kind of vehicle is compatible with this device ?
 This thing is a total `` piece '' . I was so excited that I had this great device when my wife 's car battery died . So , I plugged it in and started charging . 10 minutes later , I tried to start the car with no luck . The battery on her car was n't even that dead , as the a/c , radio , headlights , and all the lights still worked . I kept it plugged in for another 20 minutes - total 30 minutes now . Still no start . I borrowed jumper cables from a nearby motorist - the car started immediately.So , I get home and start reading reviews and learn that several news stations have targeted this device and tested on there programs with several different cars at different stages of being dead . It failed every test . An auto expert on one the shows said `` I have yet to see one of these work . `` What a POS .
 Received as a gift , this thing is junk . There 's a reason that your standard jumper cables are almost a centimeter thick , each . A LOT of power needs to be transferred to a dead battery . Not only is the size of the cable here too small , but it connects through the lighter - that normally uses an even SMALLER wire gauge behind the dash . That amount of power transfer is not intended to go through a lighter plug and dash wire . For benefit of the doubt , I tried it and let it sit for * 30 minutes * to charge a very small car battery . Did it transfer power ? Yes . Was it enough power to start the dead car ? No . The general theory of this product is sound , but the actual application is a failure .
 I had a heck of a time trying figure out the instructions and only then realized that the attachment pins , were n't long enough and hardy enough to stay locked-in their holes , to keep the hood shiled in place . I am still hopeful that I can find some soft plastic attachment pins , that are about a half-inch longer . I do not have the hood attached to my 2002 CRV at this time .
 Will not handle 500 volts ! Mine ` blew up ' on 480 volts AC !! Should be recalled . When mine blew , it caused a circuit breaker to activate which killed power in one of the Operating Rooms where a surgery was in progress ... not a good day .
 Just bought this fan from Walmart . Not surprisingly , it was from China . I opened it up , and on the fan -LRB- but not on the package -RRB- , it says something along the lines of `` Warning
 I dont recommend this product for anyone . I dont think I was thinking at the time I did the purchase because the product is DEAD useless ! My A/C for the vehicle wasnt working so I thought I find a shortcut and save me some money ... woe unto me coz when its hot , the fan just blows hot air , considering that the clip on does not hold tight.I decided to fix my A/C ! Thats what I get for getting a cheap product .
 I bought this fan six weeks ago at a local Wal-Mart . It died on me last night . I only used the fan whenever my infant daughter was in my van . Since she is rear facing she was unable to feel the cooliness of the A/C . So I may have used it a total of twenty hours . I called Auto Expressions for a refund . I have to wait 6-8 weeks to even see if I get my refund .
 I bought two of these at once , which I suppose is good because that leaves me with one that still works . The motor on the other shorted itself out inside of a week of car use . They 're very rattly , in addition to the expected whine that inherently comes with a small fan at high speed . Using the oscillating feature makes them even noisier . The detents on the swivel are very weak -- do not expect the fan to stay pointed where you want it unless you tie it down or counterweight the back end .
 I live in TX , and my AC does n't work , so I was looking for something powerful and neat.This fan does nothing for me , just nothing ! It blows some hot air around itself.I do n't use it .
 These are not Aimco rotor is an off brand . This is false advertisement.Shipping and returns were fast .
 When I ordered this item it said `` insta-cling '' and that I could use it over and over because it held to the glass by static cling . It 's not insta-cling , just regular tint . The problem is that I used it on my curved back window . It has so many creases because it 's not meant for curved glass , so I 'll probably take it off . I had insta-cling before on this back glass and it bent to the curved glass no problem -LRB- but I had to get rid of it because it was too dark , 5 % , and failed the safety inspection -RRB- . I thought I had found the perfect match because 35 % is legal where I live . Next time I will call to make sure before I order it .
 I prefer using the 2 ply film , it 's alot easier to apply.The film was n't packaged very well , it had some creases on end of roll where it was bent , that I had to cut off .
 This product is the absolute worst tinting film I have ever seen . I did n't even get the chance to see what the optical quality was because it does n't stick to the window ! I followed the directions with the extra application kit I bought and when you wet the surface , the film does n't stick at all . Then I tried applying it without the wetting solution and the film wrinkled up so much it was impossible to flatten out . If I had the choice of picking no stars for this product , I would have . Do Not Buy This Product !
 I had originally gave this tint a good value because it was black magic , but even after a month it 's already starting to turn purple I think . I thought matched my old tint but I was wrong . I am going to rip out all my tint and either keep it stock for a while or tint it later . It looks pretty bad I think . Anyways , I recommend just going to Autozone and getting tint there .
 I bought peel and cling from an auto-part store near my house and it is horrible is feels and looks like a pool tarp . After you get the bubbles out it has micro bubbles that are next to impossible to get out . It looks horrible and is very hard to put on . I would not recommend this to anyone to buy .
 maybe that 's how Amazon sees Freedom of Speech , but would you also sell a bumper sticker saying `` GIVE THE JEWS BACK TO GERMANY '' ? I do n't think so . I am french and several members of my family were deported in camps . And you sell that ... thing ? have you no shame ?
 I bought this product because it was reusable and removable . However they sent normal tint . They apologized and sent a replacement and it was again the same product and wrong item . I am extremely disappointed that Amazon is indeed falsely advertising Static Cling tint and sending normal tint twice !!!!!!! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 The fit was not accurate to the description online . When I tried to reorder , the size I needed was not available .
 i buy by amazon from florida and send me to CHile.This fit not for model of truck , is first time that this problem ocur for this model car.other seller send me correct fit for this model.not recomended.No recomiendo para compras fuera de USA , vendedor dice que es de un modelo de exportaci&oacute;n , lo que claramente no es as&iacute; ya que he comprado en m&uacute;ltiples ocasiones a otros vendedores envi&aacute;ndome la repuesto correcto.No se hacen cargo del traslado al extranjero.Por este motivo se perdi&oacute; la compra al exterior por ser m&aacute;s caro el transporte que el produicto
 I purchased this butterfly impact for a tool I was building , the tool had an impact just like the picture . The impact I recieved from Amazon did not look like the picture so I had to rework my tooling , I needed to use the front 4 bolts for mounting but the impact I recieved had the 4 bolts in the rear .
 The CL series all have SNELL ratings , except the XXXL size . I was disqualified for a race as a result . Too bad I do n't know how to shrink my head ...
 The anchor points at stake pockets are the only place to tie down . The rail -LRB- tube -RRB- is so thin you can not use it to tie to . -LRB- I confirmed this with the manufacturer -RRB- The rails are strictly for looks
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Received shoes today and I am a bit disappointed . There were several details left out by Amazon on their features/details page for this item . First off they are not Pro Techstar as the picture would suggest . They are Metalazer Tech ? Secondly they are not made in Canada nor are they new . It clearly states on the box - `` Made in China - Remanufactured by Satisfied Brakes/Ontario Canada . Knowing this ahead of time I would of not purchased these . Hopefully they install and perform properly . 2 star rating for poor advertising and misinformation .
 I really wanted this to be a good product.Install was great.After six months the alarm broke and they sent me another one a month or so later . Install again was a pain in the butt bc I was riding to work at the time of year and put the bike back together while I was waiting for a new one.The remote that pages you runs out of batteries after a couple weeks so if you have it sitting in your house while you sleep and you have the cheaper key chain remote on your keys then you have to check the battery level every night before bed . I would suggest a plug in receiver option for your house that does not run out of batteries . It worked fine through a brick house.Alarm is loud , level/movement switch works.It did not come with the keyring option on the paging remote like the picture , so you have to carry it separately off of your keys ; thus the need for a cheaper remote on your keys as mentioned above . The lady said it was because the remotes were breaking easily on a key chain dangling around so they changed it ; sounds like poor quality to me.I used one of my i-phone screen protectors to cut out a screen protector for itThe pager and or remotes and alarm need to be reset sporadically when it fails or something goes wrong with it . Believe me I have spent time talking with some guy -LRB- Jim or Bill -RRB- on how to trouble shoot . Lets say your battery dies bc the alarm stayed on all day , or the alarm ran your battery dead after a week or two , you have to reset all the remotes and stuff.Finally I installed a rocker switch with a relay -LRB- to prevent switch burn-out -RRB- so I could reset the alarm without taking off my seat and stuff to get to the alarm to unplug it and plug it back in . You need a maintainer if you have the alarm set with or without the led light . If outside I suggest solar maintainer -LRB- low amp ! -RRB- while at work or something . Harbor freight has the best waterproof ones I found and has worked for 4 years , but you need to paint them black or something . I strapped it to the back of the bike.I stopped working completely after about 13 months.If you are not home and a lawn guy sets it off then it will alarm until the battery dies , 10 minutes seems enough to me , I guess unlimited blaring would work if a guy was driving down the street with it in his truck . The neighbors were sick of it all day.Don ' t waist your money on the 2 way pager version if you think you could hear the alarm inside your house . It seemed to cause more hassle and problems for the cost involved . Maybe if it sent a text or email to your phone over your wifi network or something it would be worth it for such a case where you might be at work . It 's as loud as a honking car or car alarm . It does not work in huge buildings , theaters , etc so whats the point ? A warning system to let you know your bike that is close enough to hear and send the signal to the remote , but you can hear it anyway .
 very simple and cheap chinese made system but not for this money , real sux . better to buy something other xxx
 I bought these horns to replace the wimpy horn on a Subaru Legacy . The high tone unit never worked out of the box , DOA . The lower tone , the one I really wanted , worked for two days then stopped working . Big waste of time and money , especially considering the Wolo horn that I got to work no problem , procured from the local auto parts store for 1/3 the price of this pair ! Prospective buyers beware !!!
 I bought this piaa thinking it 's a good horn ... wrong !! I shoulda check the horn before I install it . After I bent the bracket to make it fix , go to hit the horn only one work . I test the bad horn , no sound . Ca n't return it because I bent the bracket . Piaa is junk !!!
 After installation these on my vehicle , I noticed that it rides incredibly rough . The performance has not be considerably increased . All the car does is bounce down the road , and any pot holes makes it feel like the car is falling apart .
 not durable at all , used it a few times worked well at first then started having problems with readings and the sound for continuity started fading away till no more , product has been in my tool case so it gets tossed around allot but not too often and now it does not work . poor quality
 bought 2 , one for my brother he 's 6 ft. and one for husban 5 ' 11 '' . Hit them past there but . They didnt like the lenght . If a tall person were to buy it he 'd like it . Its nicley made just to long .
 1991 caprice wagon - does not line up correctly . Does not sit flush against head light . Scratches way easily . One flew off on the highway at 60mph the same day it was installed .
 I 'm returning this product , for a few reasons
 I bought this to inflate airplane tires on my cessna . I used it a total of five to ten times and the compression unit broke . I would suggest buying another brand of compressor .
 Purchased this air compressor and very upset . Turned it on and started to inflate my tire . After 3 minutes of running the compressor was creating smoky smell and died . Now it is making noise without providing any air flow.Do not buy even for one US dollar.Waste of money and time .
 This started coming apart the second time I used it . I was n't expecting much , but this was complete junk . Pay a little more for a better quality product .
 Bought this compressor because it looked like a great deal.It does work , although I do n't know how long.Casing is cheaply made , plastic seams do n't match up , preasure guage quite inaccurate . . face it this product is a peice of C __ P !
 This worked OK for around two months . Then the light broke . OK , the compressor still worked so I could use it . For a while . Then the snap-on tire connector broke and that was that , I had to throw it out . When it did work it was very loud and kind of slow . Spend another ten bucks and get something else -LRB- with a screw on connector -- no snap ons -RRB- .
 The unit is the worst pump I have ever used , it can not even fill a tire that is just low . The unit runs for a few minutes and then starts to labor ... stay away a waste of money .
 Nice looking design , but just ca n't do the job . Worked for less than 10 minutes . No manufacturing info . And the cheap price makes it not worthwhile to mail back for replacement .
 First time and only time I used it was to inflate a motorcycletire . The bike was idle for 2 years and had 10 pounds in thetire . When I turned it on , it danced and bounced aroundon the driveway because it is so light . Had to hold it againstthe tire with my foot so it would n't flip over from jumpingaround . It sounded like it was working hard when connected.I connected it for about 30 seconds , then testedpressure with a tire gauge . Only got a pound more.Reconnected for 1 minute , got up to 12 pounds.Hmmm ... This is going to take a while ... I figured I let it run for a few minutes while squeezing andwatching the tire carefully . After about 3 minutes I look downat my feet and see it belching smoke . I quickly unplugged itbefore flames . This thing is way too cheaply made .
 Worked twice , then just stopped working . Blew fuses on cigarette lighters in both our cars . Yes you get what you pay for . Think . You can pick up a blow dryer for your hair for about same price ; and it will work for a few years , For this product to just stop working after a few uses indicates this manufacturer has no qualms about selling defective merchandise.Amazon should dump this product .
 I used the compressor only once and it would not go over about 20 psi . Then it shorted out after running for about 5-10 minutes . I returned it for a refund .
 Worked fine for normal tires . One day I decided to inflate small spare tire in my Ford Focus . Ford recommends 60PSI for that tire . When the preassure reached 50PSI this crappy compressor just broke . Looks like some seal blew.I guess you get what you pay for .
 This product worked absolutely wonderfully and was great to have around for the roughly 10 months for which it worked . After about 10 months , it went bad and started blowing the cigarette lighter fuses .
 As they say , you get what you pay for . This unit worked only once and now will not inflate above 30 psi . Purchased beyond 30 days , so Amazon.com will not accept the return . -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- down the drain .
 I recently bought a different model of wagan air compressor -LRB- the 2050 -RRB- . When I tried to plug it in , the compressor would not operate when turned on . After testing it in couple of different cars , I gave up.I then plugged my cell phone back in and found that my 12V socket was no longer working . After some investigation , I found that the compressor blew the cig-lighter fuses in all 3 cars I had tried it in.Quality may be lax with these products , so beware .
 This compressor is just this side of useless . You buy cheap you get cheap . Then again if you need a bright yellow doorstop , this could be the product for you !
 Air hose is way too short for practical automotive use . It 's only approximately a foot -LRB- 12 '' -RRB- long . Also , the snap on connector was the first piece to break for my compressor . Not sure if I 'm lucky or unlucky . Compressor , work/emergency light and cigarette lighter power cord still works , but without a snap on connector , this compressor is rendered useless . Stay away from this make and model compressor , and stay away from Wagan brand products altogether if you can help it . Have a new Slime compressor and I 've used many different Slime tire gauges . Highly recommend that brand .
 It is too big for my car . Luckily my moms a seamstress and she can alter it but amazon is so deceiving . They said that it can fit .
 Amazon as always was great , but I do NOT have anything good to say about this mirror . It 's definitely made with inferior materials . Seems to be made from a really cheap cast Aluminum ; very light , very soft . The first one I received broke as soon as I grabbed it by the `` stick '' -LRB- the piece that mounts to the inside of the door -RRB- to pull it out of the bag it was shipped in . I notified Amazon of the problem and quickly received a replacement -LRB- Thanks Amazon ! -RRB- The second one I received had a seam halfway through the `` stick '' that looked to be an obvious repair for the same type of break that happened on the first one.The screw holes in the gasket provided were not in the correct place . One hole was almost 1/4 '' off and required relocation . The screws provided are steel , but the softest steel I have ever encountered as they were easily mangled by my screwdriver . -LRB- I thought these were aluminum as well , but there was a layer of rust on them 2 days after installation -RRB- . The paint on the screws comes off even easier than the paint on the mirror did.The mirror glass was n't straight , objects in mirror are closer than they appear should say something closer to objects in mirror are distorted and will look like a fun-house mirror.All in all , I will NEVER purchase another mirror made by Dorman . I have a couple of other `` Replacement '' parts made by them and they were not that bad . But this is terrible . Save yourself the headache and just buy one from the Ford Dealer . You will spend more , but will be much happier in the end .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 bought 2 of this item so i should 've received 8 spark plugs right ? well instead of 8 i got sent 2 individual spark plugs ! now i can not contact seller .
 what you see in the picture is not what you get you only get the headlight covers . there is no grill guard or winch mount . its only part B
 Although I never used these plugs when shipped to me because Amazon advertise the plugs come four to a pack but only recieved two plugs . I found these plugs cheaper at Walmart .
 I was a little surprized when only 1 cover came with the purchase . I guess I expected a pair of covers and not just 1 . Shame on me .
 I bought a set of Hella 500 driving lights and they came with these covers . As others said , basically being exposed to elements turns the covers into pretty much plastic dust . They start to get brittle , crack and ultimately fall apart.I just ca n't believe the plastic is so bad on these . Save your money and protect your lights with something else . My car always gets garaged and rarely stays parked under sunlight for more than a few hours and these things lasted less than a year .
 Be careful when ordering this item , I ordered a Set to fit a 2006 F150 6.5 ft Bed , the set I received was to fit an S-10 / Dakota Crew Cab . Apparently Amazon does n't truly check for fit on this type of item.As far as quality , these look like and excellent set of side rails , for those of you out there with S-10 / Dakota Crew Cabs .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I was looking for a specific sized filter for a custom intake but the ones on ebay were all too big with a 6 '' outer diameter . I decided to give this one a try because according to Vibrant , this filter 's outer diameter is only 5 '' . What showed up was identical to the $ 14 ebay filters , it measured 6 '' wide and did n't fit ! It was a complete waste of my time since now I have to order a K&N that has been properly measured -LRB- tried and true filters are worth the extra price -RRB- . If this 6 '' wide filter will work for you , then get the same generic one for half the price on ebay .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 This product whas purchased with alot of expectation . and it failed miserably , you charge it for hours and the red light never comes off . also it lasts for nothing more that 15 minutes .
 The charge Time is terrible , had to go out and buy a electric and several extension cords . Waste of money
 Amazon is shipping it by the each , with NO BRACKET , and NO BULB ! No wiring either ! What a rip off ! Totally different than pictured .
 Uses much better materials than the ones at the store . It 's way too big for our RAV4 . This was supposed to be a custom fit . They either sent the wrong product or need to redesign this one . It 's just barely usable .
 WRONG PART NOT THE ONE IN THE PICTURE !!!!! Who pays for the part and shiping ??? NOT HAPPY AT ALL !!! NOW KNOW NOT TO BUY FROM AMAZON.COM EVER AGIN !!! THANKS , AL
 the picture of the product is not what i recieved part number at different sites show what i got , but i was looking at the picture for my application to be used on my engine , you need to change the picture to match the product that a person is actually buying .
 Only plus is that they look good.The fit is mediocre . There is no stretch areas so fitting them is a pain and there are still areas that are either too tight or too loose . Getting them on the back of my front seats required cutting out pieces of the factory seats.They are n't waterproof at all . They might as well be made of terrycloth , they absorb liquid that well.After 1 year , I have multiple tears , including the back seats which see VERY little use.Buy the Wet Okole
 The Lincoln Lubrication G110 Mini Pistol Grease Gun I received does not appear to work . The instructions sorely lack illustrations . You need to insert the grease tube in `` just right '' for the grease to be pushed from the tube into the gun head . The grease does not seem to find its way from the gun head to the grease fitting that is supposed to receive it . I do n't know if this is due to a lack of pressure or something other reason . There is no phone number to call for help . My recommendation
 It leaks severely when not being used - must store in a plastic bag and deal with it being totally coated in grease when removed .
 I agree with the previous reviewer 's comments 100 % - this product does not work.No illustrations . To get this product to work should not be rocket science . This is embarrasing for the company , Lincoln . I will not buy another one of their products .
 I can buy the same pump on line at Summit Racing for $ 159.95 . Where is your deal?Weiand 8215P Action Plus Polished Aluminum Mechanical Water Pump
 Only plus is that they look good.The fit is mediocre . There is no stretch areas so fitting them is a pain and there are still areas that are either too tight or too loose . Getting them on the back of my front seats required cutting out pieces of the factory seats.They are n't waterproof at all . They might as well be made of terrycloth , they absorb liquid that well.After 1 year , I have multiple tears , including the back seats which see VERY little use.Buy the Wet Okole
 Dont buy this grease coupler if you want to get into tight spaces . It 's considerably larger then the round couplers .
 I purchased this grease gun coupler for my husband but like the other reviews , the coupler is really big and does not fit in to tight places . He did n't like it becasue of that but it is heavy duty and very well made .
 no measurements are given for this and I thought it would be standard size . However , it was too short . Thought it would save me the trip to th RV store and justify the S&H charge but sadly mistaken .
 This adapter will not power what it says it will . It pretty much sucks if you are looking to power something strong .
 Wow , what a -LRB- bad -RRB- surprise . $ 25 for a switch and a light . The light is microscopically small -LRB- about 1/16 '' x 1/4 '' -RRB- , but it did n't work anyway , out of the box . Unfortunately , I had this item on my `` project shelf '' for a while , past the warranty , so I 'm going to have to fix it myself . One LED should not be too hard to replace . The switch does work okay - - however , it 's a push-on/push-off design , so the light absolutely HAS to be operational or you have no idea whether the inverter is on or off.Panel is nice-looking enough - - if they charged $ 15 and had a nice big LED so you could see it from any angle , it would be worth it . As-is , it 's a bit of a rip-off , but sadly there is no alternative . If you want a remote panel for your inverter , design and build your own -LRB- pretty easy basic electronics -RRB- or pay Cobra their ransom and hope your panel works when you receive it . Better test it before the 30 days are up .
 As Mr. Shagui wrote , this gauge wo n't work on a Presta because the pin inside the gauge body is too far up inside to depress the Presta . Now , I 'm depressed . So , I sent it back today . I also have an Accugauge for the Schrader valves . 2 brass adapters I have would n't allow this gauge to work for much the same reason . In this case , it was the length of the adapters that prevented the union . I turned them down on my lathe so the gauge would do it 's job . Obviously , you ca n't check mating distances when an item like this comes from Amazon . And you ca n't make things fit if you do n't have a lathe . But good to know you can just label them defective -LRB- which this one is -RRB- , and get free return shipping and a full refund . GO AMAZON !
 Do n't Waste your money in this gauge . It seems to be an Excellent product good design , hard construction but You CA N'T use it with Presta valves .
 the dash mat was the wrong one . i sent it back over a week ago and there has been no refund or replacement yet . not even an email .
 I am disappointed with Amazon . I chose to pay extra for a Fram filter , because of the brand name , and the fact that I love the bright orange color . When I saw the box , I was first surprised at how large it was , but I enjoyed seeing the bright orange box , and the orange filter in the pictures on the box itself . I opened the box and I saw the dullest grey filter I have ever seen , and on it was a small Fram logo , that appeared to be stamped on . The logo was only about 1/4 '' , and the filter is about 1 ' high , and 1 ' across .
 not at all like advertised , what a wase of time ... immediatley sent it back , I ca n't believe that someone would keep it !
 i installed the head gasket thinking it fited then the manafold gasket everything was ready the the valve cover gasket didnt fit ... then thought wrong one and added water and it leaked it thru manafold becuse its wrond now i have to check the head gasket being the same one ... have to t = do the work twice no no no wrong part all the hard work for nothinnnnn ,
 I ordered this believing it was the whole Oxygen Sensor , but it 's just the connector . $ 30 for it , is about the same price as a lot of complete Sensors . An outrageous price for just a connector . I 'm a professional mechanic , & in all my many years , I 've never needed just a connector , & at that price , why would you not get the whole unit , & save the hassle of swapping the wires out . Oxygen Sensor should be replaced as a maintenance item every 2-4 years depending on how many miles you drive , for better performance , & cleaner emissions . Yukon Garry
 This Bugflector II from Auto Ventshade was a disappointment for me.This item was purchased for a 2008 Honda Pilot.Unfortunately , this item will do more damage over time , than it could ever prevent ! Because of the tight clearances , and mounting design , this shield will either wear against the top of the headlamp assemblies , or wear against the underneath of the hood.Also , the hood will not shut properly once the shield is installed.The mounting hardware supplied is also poor , as the fasteners supplied will not even hold into the square holes that are used for the two inside mounting screws.I have these shields on three other vehicles , but this one is a loser.The look is great , but additional time needs to be spent on the mounting design ! Lund 's customer service was also a disappoinment , as the representatives could not help with the problem , and technical service would not even call me back.Fortunately , Amazon 's return policies and procedures are the absolute best in the business.Stick with Amazon , but avoid this shield .
 I 've seen other posts indicating their K200 broke after limited use . Same thing happened with mine ... green lights no longer light up and batteries do n't charge . This after limited use . Further , Kodak 's website is useless vis a vis support
 This was a give-away when I bought the Kodak 280 Digital . After about 25 charges it now only charges the batteries halfway . One can certainly tell why it was a freebe .
 I bought this product plus 2 Kodak AAA rechargeables for my Handspring Visor . I 've only had this item for 3 months and already it has stopped working . The green light that indicates that the recharger is working -- has STOPPED . Therefore it will not recharge the batteries at all . I 'm stuck with a crappy product and am going to return it to the manufacturer . DO NOT BE FOOLED !! i bought this item based on the reveiws here at Amazon and apparently they were not thorough enough . Save your money and do n't waste your time on this product by Kodak . Btw , Handspring also recommends that you do NOT use rechargeable batteries for the Visor Deluxes . They recommend only alkaline batteries or special rechargeable units that are sold on some obscure site . Ask them ; i did and after i bought this Kodak unit i was sadly informed that Visors Deluxes should NOT use rechargeables .
 I agree with all those below who have had problems with worthless device .
 I put the gr2 on my 90 celica and drove 200 miles with no abuse and both the rear are leaking and blown out . Big mistake buying these
 it does not display cca . EVERY battery i have tested has been bad or low cca . even brand new batteries
 The site told me it was for my car ... Not even close I was upset that I had to pay return fright when I did not even make a mistake .
 I bought this and after reading the ten step directions for installing it I finally tried it . What a HASSLE ! You have to hook it over the drivers side mirror then pull it across your windshield and put the passenger mirror pocket on . Then you have to pull it across your car to the rear with this thin cord . Then the worst part is you have to thread this cord between the narrow gap between your trunk or hatch and then pull it to the bottom and cinch it down.I think in time these tightly attached cords which rub your cars finish could cause more damage than the sun could ! I was planning on putting this cover on every day at work but forget that ! It might take you a minute to put on if your Superman and can move at the speed of light otherwise if you need to cover your car stick with a car cover . With a car cover you just make sure you have the front in the front of your car and then pull it over your car . Much simpler and better protection . For work I will stick with my trusty old custom sun shade which is much much much easier to use .
 I 'm not sure if it is because it is positioned incorrectly or because I just can not get used to the view ... but I just do n't like it .
 so most people try this stuff and love it right away , and then go out to make a review before they see the problems . Much like a full tank of gas seems to make a car run better in ones mind -LRB- or a clean car -RRB- these do n't have anything to do with a vehicle running . This oil is nothing more than refined and dyed vegetable oil . This oil will shorten the life of any motor and it burns off or creates leaks because of its structure.More than being a huge money maker for the team who markets it as a high performance product , this oil will soon find itself as part of a class action lawsuit . Read the forums online and you will see for yourself . Mechanics will tell you the same thing - stay away from this product and be careful when buying `` synthetic '' type 2 and 3 oils
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 You can only use this on a horizontal surface , it will run otherwise . Not like caulk , runny like glue until it sets .
 I have a 2005 SR5 4Runner I installed this on and it was not a glove fit with my grille and hood . The bugshield creating too much space between the grille and hood for the fasteners to tighten again . I had to use Loctite to make the fasteners stay put and by the time evreything was put back together the hood and grille were n't flush . Also , because of some pressure the deflector was having from a lip under the hood , the middle of the bugflector bowed down and looked weird . I got a heat gun and molded the bugflector 's lip to have a flat and consistent look across the front . After all is said and done , it looks awesome . However it was a huge pain to get installed . This is advertised as working for 03-05 4runners . It did not have a glove fit to my '05 SR5 4runner ...
 It looked as thought this had been sitting on a shelf for a few years . I would have returned it if I did n't need it right away . The can lasted less than one flush and ran out of propellant . It also leaked from the top of the can . I ended up flushing cheap ATF fluid through the line several times with an air compressor .
 Not a good product , i put it in and get worse wind sound and it also serve only accesorries ...
 one star for shipping and 0 for quality . . wont buy putco again . . the after market parts they put out are way to expensive an wont fit . . i buy lund now
 The disappointment began when the box was opened . No instructions were included . Searched the Internet and found the manufactures sited and down loaded the instructions . The instructions are poorly written and you still will struggle to assemble . Start assembling and the paint job is poor , paint runs , and paint thin in areas . Start bolting the parts together and the bolt holes do n't align unless you assemble the base upside down . Had to re-drill the parts in order to assemble them properly . When bolting the paper arms on noticed that half of them are crooked or bent . Throughout the process found washers and bolts missing . Now that this poorly painted , miss manufactured , bent , missing parts is assembled we go to mount a role of 20 '' paper on it . Guess what it ' wo n't work . Back to the web site to see if we can find more information on the assembly since the instructions were poor . We down loaded the specification sheet for this model . Another great surprise it states that the unit only handles 18 '' paper not the 16 '' -22 '' paper as advertised . I wish I would have read the other reviews before purchasing . Avoid this product .
 The ironic thing about this purchase is that we needed this to help do our finish work at our spray shop and this is the crappiest paint job i have seen in a long time . It was all bent , scratched , missing parts , and putting it together was a joy . They could do better .
 Purchased vent shade for 2010 Tahoe . Ordered correct model number for truck . Received correct box , but wrong vent shade was in the box -LRB- labeled for an older model truck -RRB- . Box was sealed , looks like a factory mistake . Amazon received product back , but slow to issue credit for return . What a hassle .
 I ordered this product in January and it is now late april and I have yet to receive this item or my money back from the seller . When I ordered the product it said it was in stock . It is sellers like this that make people feel uneasy about shopping on the internet .
 Bought two and installed them . Been using them for about 6 months now and they perform as advertised . However I needed another one for my other cars two doors and realized that I could make them myself out of swimming pool noodle floaty . Went to Walmart and bought one of those noodles the kids whack each other and float around the pool on for $ 1.68 and took my wife 's electric knife and sliced that noodle in half from top to bottom , then sliced each long piece across the middle . I now had 4 door protectors and just used two 2.5 '' roofing nails to nail them to the garage wall studs where the doors were hitting the wall and that worked every bit as well as the $ 10 each commercial ones I had bought .
 too small to serve useful purpose . soft rubber and easy to mount . looks fine but needs to be about 6-12 inches longer .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I put my year model tC , which is 2007 , in and the website said that this item was compatible . When it arrived and we had the stock intake removed completely then tried to mount the mass airflow sensor it did n't match . So if you have a 2007 Scion tC do n't order this product . The 2005-2006 kit you receive wo n't work because the mass airflow sensors are different from '06 to ' 07 . Now I have to ship it back , wait on a refund and order a different product .
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 I bought these for both of my vehicles -LRB- an SUV and a coupe -RRB- , and they all began streaking after less than a month of light use . It seems as though the force of the wiper arms is not properly transmitted to the full length of the blades . The edges are left clean , while the center is left with 2 '' to 3 '' gaps wherein the blade does n't even make contact with the windshield .
 Never got the right part . The Picture shows what I wanted bu t what I got was a single hose type .
 I bought this for my Ram 2500 that was in need of some new wipers . They installed easily enough and seemed to do the job fine at first . Less than a month and very mild use , I began to notice them starting to skip across the windshield even when it was very wet . I pulled them off and noticed that all the joints were very flimsy and this was causing the problem . I guess you get what you pay for because these are cheap .
 Amazon 's part 's finder is incorrect , says it will work to original equipment equivalent , this is not a 2 valve front/rear pump that will work on a late model 1999 Lexus RX 300 . In fact the description of the item is very limited leaving you to believe the parts finder is accurate.Trico 11-604 Windshield Washer Pump
 I have had my FIMCO sprayer for 5 years now . During that time there has not been a year go by where I have not had several problems . The price of the sprayer is certainly attractive but there are a lot of hidden costs with repairs , and downtime . Here are a few things I have experienced with mine.The first year I had it , the tank developed a small hole in the bottom where the plastic had kinked slightly due to the poor construction of the mounting hardware . I have used silicone sealant on the inside to fix this problem . It usually needs redone annually.I had chemicals that were leaking out of my pressure gauge . I removed the gauge and just plugged the port.The pump broke . I think I paid $ 90 for a replacement . No cheap fix there ... The sprayer handle stopped working . I cut it off and used a spray handle from an old pump up sprayer I had lying around.PERFORMANCE NOTES : The pump is not very powerful and the screen setup inside the tank is small . Some chemicals will leave a small residue against the screen and drastically reduce output . To clear the screen the the tank must be empty . This can be quite inconvenient at times.For those who may be spraying more costly chemicals like those that target hard to get weeds you will need to plan on possibly using more product . I have never found any way to adjust the boom nozzles to give me a truly uniform coverage . I know that my materials costs are higher than necessary when I use this.If you do n't mind the leaks this unit may be ok for the occasional user . It certainly has an attractive price point . Really consider taking the unit inside or winterizing it . It does n't handle the freezing well at all .
 my 40 gal , gasoline engine powered sprayer had less than two hours use when the first piece broke , the pressure guage . i replaced it with a liquid filled guage , guage works great now . with less than 24 hours use logged i have replaced the engine , the pump , almost all the fittings , and the bearings in the wheels . I would not recommend buying any FIMCO products .
 I have used Fimco Sprayers for 10 years . At first they were great , lasted me 2-3 years and I have 10 acres of industrial buildings to take care of -LRB- lots of spraying -RRB- . Then about 5 years ago they only lasted 1 year tops . Until 2011 , this year alone We have gone through 4 Sprayers ! IFA said it is one of the most returned items . The pump gives out and the pile of garbage leaves you sitting there with 25 gallons of spray and no way to use it.Unless you love driving around to return things and pointlessly wasting your time , do n't buy it .
 The helmet is not ECE 22.05 rated . This helmet is DOT only.Just thought I 'd clear up some misinformation , please check the AFX website and fix your description .
 It does not worth it!Do not waste your money and buy it here!Yo can find it much cheaper !
 I tried Chevron Techron as people recommended here
 This product did not improve my mileage what so ever , I track my mileage for every trip i make . It did not restore any type of engine power what so ever , Then again , My engine could have been fine in the first place . But im saying i saw no improvement in anything this product claimes to improve , Then again , Its made by chevron , They dont make quality products what so ever , There gas stations are all almost out of business , When is the last time you saw a chevron?Also i saw this product at pep boys , oreily autoparts , on sale for 10-15 bucks , buy 1 get 1 free , roughly the same size , Also , you shouldnt need to apply this more than once , My ford manual suggest i dont put these faulty additives in my tank as it may damage the engine.The price for this is rediculous , i dont recommend this product . beware
 I tried this out , twice as per the instructions . Didnt make much difference at all . Should have just kept my $ 20 .
 I 'm no stranger to these products , yet I had never used this brand b4 . I heard a lot about it on BMW/MERCEDES forums , so I figured I try it . My C class seemed sluggish & since I had ran out of gas 1x , I figured this would clean / flush out my system & give me my performance back . Did n't happen . Whole bottle & I did n't notice ANY difference . I have had good results with other products ie , &#34; Lucas &#34; , &#34; NOS &#34; octane boost racing formula etc. . This may work for some , but it did nothing for my car .
 This is a great product for conditioning the oil deliveries for my oil burner . I 've seen questionable stack pipe debris and small bangs from irregular burns in the past ; everything I did n't like about the operation of my oil burner was resolved with this product . This was the second time I 've ordered this product , first time price was under $ 5.00 dollars , bought quite a few . This second order I bought two , the price has jumped to almost $ 13.00 , but cool because I 've corrected the massive volume and now I 'm at a `` maintenance level '' , I just want a prophylactic treatment , two bottles will be enough for this season . SHAME on Amazon ; they sent an obvious leaker . Leaked in UPS truck , the slate on my steps and the saturated box -LRB- bottom -RRB- wet my foyer rug -LRB- immediately brought in because of the threat of rain -RRB- ; noticed the foul smell of a 1963 Mercedes Benz Diesel in my house within 5 minutes . Where is the shame ? ; A leaker that should 've been caught by any of the many hands that touched it at Amazon . IF I WANTED A LEAKER I WOULD 'VE BOUGHT IT FROM EBAY . Customer Service , they made the excuse , keeping with the company line ; that '' it occurred in shipping '' . This the same cow puck nonsense that many large failing corporations spew to their customers , you know the obvious dense non-committal - non accepting culpability , cowardly , crap response that made you leave your other vendors / suppliers . The shipping box was never crushed , the cushioning - sufficient , the problem was that the metal / plastic tamper-proof seal put on by GUNK Corporation was glued on non concentric to the bottle top ; therefore leaked from birth , maybe Amazons ' warehouse staff got sick of the smell and were glad to finally be rid of it . They did refund the monies , but still SIX HOURS of power washing slate and continual saturating and blotting of the rug to remove product , color and smell , made the entire adventure unnecessarily hellish . Hurting and causing grief is no way to treat your customers - you know US , THE REASON YOUR LIGHTS ARE ON .
 This wiper blade does not fit the rear wiper on a Chevy Traverse . It 's listed here and at other auto parts sources as fitting , but the opening in the arm is too small for the hook . Try Anco .
 This exact fit wiper blade does n't fit . Due to the size of the opening for the wiper arm mount and the distance the rear wiper blade can be lifted off the window it is impossible to install this blade on a 2008 Ford Taurus-X .
 This exact fit wiper blade does n't fit . Due to the size of the opening for the wiper arm mount and the distance the rear wiper blade can be lifted off the window it is impossible to install this blade on a 2008 Ford Taurus-X .
 Watch out , as this product discription is misleading ! Blade is realy 15 inches , not 24 inches as one might infure from the part number -LRB- 24-380 -RRB- and other blade part numbers .
 This unit is a piece of junk . I just bought one . There is not a single seal/gasket on this thing that does n't leak/spray . I do n't mind getting a little damp when I wash my car , but after using this thing , I 'd be suprised if the car had more water on it than I did .
 it is from Israel the product ; it had a piece of rubber broken , i ` m from Guatemala , so i can not return it will be a lot of money i will lost
 This product claimed to fit my 2005 Nissan Titan and now that my truck is in the shop I am having to shell out an extra $ 100-120 more for a product that will fit . Do not believe the fittment guide
 This product claims to fit on a 2004 Nissan Titan . I bought this product and tried to install it , it does not fit . They are too short . Amazon needs to update there `` vehicle fit list ''
 Bought a pair of these for one of my cars.I was trying to cheap out by getting these refills . Big mistake.Hard to install . Too loose . Falls out from the wiper frame/holder . I ended up buying the whole wiper blade assembly from Costco .
 I bought this a couple of years ago for emergency use . I tested it when I received it and it looked like it was going to work fine . I put it in the closet and did not use it at all afterwards . A year and half later I plugged it in and even with the power switch in the off position it blows the fuses . Not very good if I neded it for the emergency.I 'll try contacting the service center but I do n't have the receipt .
 Bought this product 1 year ago . There is no RESET button to reset after system failures . Called 3 service centers and even they could n't tell me how to reset this inverter .
 Have had this inverter for about a year , used mostly to run an HP laptop in the car.It 's fine when it works . Runs a bit loud but does the job.However , there 's been a number of occasions when it would be running , but not conduct power to whatever was plugged into it . -LRB- Not overheated or trying to draw too much power , just would n't work -RRB- Now , it seems to be done for good . Plugged in , it runs but again , wo n't conduct electricity.There 's a tiny green light showing status
 I have replaced hundreds of batteries and have done much mechanic work on my personal vehicles so I know how to hook up an inverter . I hooked it up for my son to use on a car ride . This was only the second time using this!Yes it was hooked up correctly -LRB- black to black , red to red -RRB- It went pop and put out a bad electrical smell before I even hooked up my sons video game . I did not buy it on amazon but it was new from another giant online retail site . I can not believe that I paid over 50 bucks for this piece of filth ! I never saved my warranty card so am probably out of my money . OOOh ! I hate getting screwed by such bad quality.I had to share this because I do not want others getting this crap nor do I want Amazon -LRB- who I love -RRB- to be stuck selling the garbage . Sorry if this review is harsh , but the truth hurts , especially after reading others who got the same shaft.ThanksBen
 This looked like it was going to be just the thing for powering a laptop on a long trip . But after a short time it started quitting . I checked it with a lamp with a 75 watt incandescent bulb and it powered up for a couple seconds and tripped some kind of internal circuit breaker . If I completely turned it off , it reset , but still did the same thing over and over . I then tried it with a 40 Watt bulb and it stayed on . But this is rated 500 Watts ! I suggest everyone stay away from this brand and the newer ones branded Black and Decker .
 Poor unit broke after using it 5 times , shuts off constantly . Does not handle rated current draw .
 By far the worst buy of 2008 , and certainly the worst of this Century . The inverter wo n't charge a cell phone , any cell phone and I 've tried 3 , without shutting off from what is said to be overheating . I hung it over the A/C vent and it helped , gave it about 5 more minutes before it quit . The fan runs constant , regardless of what 's plugged in or even if nothing is plugged in , you turn it on , the fan runs and it 's loud . This would be tolerable if it helped its overheating problem , but it does n't . So then after watching my voltmeter bobble when starting it , I checked the current draw . The fan alone , nothing else , nothing even plugged into the sockets , it pulls over 20 amps !!!!!!! For 20 amps , I could put a fan on the radiator and cool the engine.A very poor buy all around , do n't go this route , there are good ones out there .
 The mirror installed just fine on my 2001 Grand Cherokee , electronics work and all . The only issue is the glass seemes like it 's hardly attached so it shakes alot when driving making it a little difficult to see the reflection .
 had to make wire longer on my 04 overland and the mirror shakes when driving cheep replacement if you are going to sell the car
 The mirror they sent me was no good . They said they were going to send me A new one for the driver side on my Jeep Grand Cherokee Larado . I am still waiting for 6 months . I called and called they do n't answer .
 Just came back from a 1000 mile trip today , 500 hundred miles into the trip I noticed oil leaking from the bottom of my car and smoke . Had to break off the belly pan since I did not have any tools , discovered oil was leaking from the nut that is used to remove the filter . So here we were stuck and ended up having to pay $ 80 dollars for an oil change and new filter . I understand this may have just been a flaw in this one but I am going to stick with normal oil filters from now on . I also need a new underbelly shield since I had to break off the old one .
 I orderesd 6 filters for my 2010 Ford Transit Connect.When i went to have my oil changed it was the wrong frilter .
 These K&N ; filters are like buying a gormet treat for your cat - it 's no better for the cat , but it makes you feel good . CR did an extensive test on oil filters a few years ago , using many brands including OEM , on many vehicles . In almost every test , the Fram filter was tops . So you 're paying over twice the price for a gormet filter that works no better , but it wo n't break the bank and makes you feel like you 're ` treating ' your car.BTW , if you need a special nut to wrench the filter off , you 're tightening it too darn much !
 If you are buying this muffler expecting a perforated core , fiberglass packed straight through style of muffler like ALL the other Ultra-Flo mufflers , take note
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 This has got to be the worst quality pin stripping I have ever used , it does not go on strait , it has waves in it and half of it wont even stay on . I am peeling what did stick off and going with something else .
 This is a kit yes , but there is no main hoop and this not not mentioned any where in the add or in the fine print . Not until the product arrived did i know . This is JUST A box with un bent pipes . . With out the main hoop all of it is useless . When you get the kit in fine print and in a small picture it states
 poorly made , paper backing is hard to get off tape , end up wrinkling up tape to get it off ... would reccomend buying a better product .
 The photos make this item appear to be bed rail protectors . It 's not , it is for the upper part of the bed by the window . Photos need to be revised .
 $ 31.00 for a piece of angled plastic.I had to use my own 3M tape because theirs only touched 1/16 '' of the top of the beds bulkhead.Going to use a heat gun and try to make a u channel for a better fit .
 Although the title of the product might vaguely describe the item the pictures definitely show something else . Completely dissatisfied with this product .
 ordered the cap system , all i got in the mail as a long 90 degree piece of plastic . i did not get what the picture showed at all . beware of the advertisement !
 Does not cover , runs off . Bad purchase . I bought it to fix a roof leak and it would not cover the area and just ran off .
 Spray cans arrived promptly but were loose in box with shattered spray tops and partly discharged . Managed to make remaining pieces work but propellant ran out before contents . Usual warning
 this product is no good . it never cured and ended up destroying what i was using it for . this product will be off the market soon
 does n't work with high performance coils ! do n't order if this is your application . Beautiful design but just does n't work with many applications . Due to steel braiding you must ground the wires . Not for an easy install .
 I had great hopes . But the needle is not set on zero . No way to recalibrate . Not sure if it actually measures properly . Waste of money .
 Century Manufacturing Co Portable Battery Booster Pac have a shelf life . If you purchase a unit who shelf life has passed it will not be covered by the factory warranty in the event the unit fails within the first 12 months of ownership.I have purchased a new boxed factory unit with a expired shelf life according to Century Mfg Co. and they refuse to repair the unit under warranty . They have advised me it would cost me over $ 350 to replace the new failed batteries with new batteries.There is nothing in the written warranty voiding the warranty for shelf life , however , Century MFG Co claims to have an unwritten warranty policy that voids the warranty.Surprise , you have been rip-off by a so called reputable company.Century Manufacture should be required to add a waring label on the outside of the box of their units stating `` Warranty Void if Purchased after Recharge Date '' . I would recommend another brand booster that might stand by it written warranty .
 For the price these are made with very poor quality , had these for 2 weeks and already torn would not buy these again Walmart has a better quality and price for the car seats covers . Would not recommend these at all .
 The materials are really cheap and thin . Definately not what I expected . I should have just gone to a NAPA or AutoZone .
 it as the wrong connector and is not a direct fit.i need to return it now theres a problem because i opend it up
 I actually ordered two for my 99 Honda Accord to try to get the engine light to go out . Car ran fine even before installing these sensors . It never did extinguish the light . I think it must be a Honda thing as I probably could have got the light to go out if I let the dealership install their OE sensor at 4 to 5 times what I paid for the generic version .
 Bought this product from Amazon and everything ... even made sure it fit my car by entering the year , make and model like amazon has before you buy the product and it said that it fits my car ! So I bought it.When I got ready to put it on my car the connecting ends were different . Therefore I was unable to make it work on my car . I got it screwed into the exhaust and everything ... its just that it had a `` male '' end on the O2 sensor and so did my car . Last time I looked it was a `` male '' and a `` female '' that go together.I was all excited about getting a MUCH CHEAPER O2 sensor online because they are $ 73 at a local parts store . But when I actually got it and tried to put it on I had the problem listed above ... which , was VERY disappointing !
 The delivered floor mats did not have the required 2 grommet holes in the driver 's side mat . The photo shows 2 grommet holes and it is required for safe driving . I returned the mats the same day that I got them .
 I bought this thinking it could be used on either an automatic tranny or manual drive car but ; it works for neither ! The design looks great yet , the rubber it is made from does not allow any movement at the base or wherever you install it.The rubber also smells funny .
 The KD 2551 Universal heavy duty universal wheel hub puller is NOT a K-D Tool product and 2251 is NOT a K-D part numberRather this is a copy made by HTI Hand Tools International a Taiwan CorporationThe copy is made of rough poorly finished and fitted castings that do not fit together.I emailed K-D Tools Apex Tool Corp. and they confirm that this is not their product.I have returned the knock - off for a refund but have not yet received a refund from ReStockitBeware the picture on the ad is of the genuine tool what is shipped is something else .
 At least for the rear seat of my Accord coupe , this seat cover was completely inadequate . It comes in two pieces , each of which looks a lot like an elasticized bucket seat cover , and neither of which stayed in place on the seat . Furthermore , there is no accommodation for rear head rests . I have a hard time imagining how this cover could work on any rear car seat .
 Very weak `` ultra bond '' glue . Even the glue that touched my fingers came off . Generic waste of money . Pass this one up .
 thin plastic garbage that will not stay on or lay flat . this is a waste of money . the manufacturer will not even stand behind this product . actually between amazon and the manufacture i did not get anywhere when trying to get them replaced .
 I got these for christmas about 6 months ago . Installation went smoothly with the simple directions . I was skeptical to the fact that only a few strips of double sided 3m tape included would hold these on after enduring things like cold temperatures , snow , highway speeds , rain , and hot sun beating down on them , let alone things bumping and slamming down on them -LRB- which is what they are built for , right ? -RRB- Well , here I am 6 months later and one flew off on the freeway about a week ago and the other one is wobbling . They look nice , but that 's about it . Pretty expensive for 2 pieces of plastic that will eventually find themselves a home in the wind shield of the car behind you .
 When I ordered this , I was guaranteed fitment on a Toyota 3S-FE engine . When it arrived , it was not the correct size . i left two stars because I did run out and buy the correct size from another store , however , I didnt want to have to do this when I had all the rest of my parts shipped in .
 It is a nice filter , but I still had to install it with a filter wrench . The socket on the end is 1 inch . I just do n't have a wrench that big laying around .
 I ordered this for my Chevy C1500 and it leaks around the fittings . If you order this you 're going to need an additional fitting because the flair at the end does n't quite work with the stock hard lines . Your local performance auto shop should be able to help you out .
 THIS PART WAS INSTALLED AND MECHANIC COULD NOT GET A READING FROM THE SENSOR , WHICH IS THE CORRECT CA EMMISION FOR MY 2000 4 RUNNER . . THIS PART WAS DEFECTIVE AND I WILL TAKE MY COMPLAINT TO THE MFG AND DIRECT THEM TO THE DISHONEST SELLER WHOM SOLD IT . DO N'T USE THIS SELLER FOR ANYTHING !!!!! DO N'T YOUR MONEY , THE WINDOW TO REFUND IS NOT CLOSED AND LOST MY MONEY ON SOMETHING THAT IS COMPLETELY WORTHLESS !!!!!
 I replaced the mounts and I almost have the same vibration after the installation . it feels almost same as the broken ones
 I searched for a medium priced car cover the would be useful for outdoor use . I picked this cover based on this feature , `` Soft , breathable fabric that evaporates moisture and condensation easily as well as reduces heat . '' I used it for 6 months in Florida . When I removed the cover the interior of the car was a moldy stinking mildewed disaster . This cover ruined the car . Do not use this cover for outdoor storage !
 Do not buy this for Sienna 2011 . Amazon said it fit , but it will not . 3 inches longer is not fit . Returned for a refund . The product is good built . I have the same brand for 2006 Camry and that fits perfectly .
 I now know what a `` semi custom fit '' is . It means it does n't . It means something close enough is rolled into a box and shipped . A storage bag is not included , nor is the promised antenna grommet . This cover is supposed to fit a Jaguar X-Type , but it 's sized for something closer to a CAT . On the plus side , I do not have to purchase a motorcycle cover as it will fit under there too .
 You get what you pay for . It 's like having a couple of candle lights in your headlights . Worthless ! Of course it 's made in China , where else .
 Although these flap are &#34; molded &#34; , they don not fit a 2002 Ford tarus as shown in the picture . I was able to find OEM flaps , albeit for more money , but they look like they were made for the car ... because they were
 This thing is cheap , made in china , and extremely poor quality ! Do not buy this !! The teeth on the leads do n't even have enough tension to stay on anything ! Made in china baby .
 This is NOT the correct part for my 2000 Camry LE V6 engine ! The &#34; Check engine &#34; light came back on within 20 miles and has not been off again since . Your information said it was the correct part , -LRB- Too bad I did not see the below review BEFORE I purchased the wrong part ! -RRB- YOU SHOULD CORRECT YOUR LISTED INFORMATION SO PEOPLE DO NOT CONTINUE TO PURCHASE THE WRONG PART !!!!!!!! May not be correct part ... of 2 people found the following review helpful1 .0 out of 5 stars WARNING - Info NOT correct for -LRB- some ? -RRB- Camry V6 models , May 20 , 2011BySteve J. - See all my reviewsAmazon Verified Purchase -LRB- What 's this ? -RRB- This review is from
 After very careful review of this product and carefully making sure it was the correct item for my 2002 Toyota Highlander V-6 , I received it in the mail.But after comparing the old Sensor with the new sensor , i realized they sent me the wrong part ?????? I sent it back within 30 days and in new condition.But , thet did NOT Refund me the exact cost of the New Sensor . I felt cheated . They should have refunded me fully . It was their fault in sending me the wrongOxygen Sensor .
 I triple checked DENSO and AMAZON web pages for the front end O2/Fuel sensors . They say 234-9007 and 234-9009 are `` correct '' front end sensors for 2000 Camry V6 . NOT . The correct sensor is 234-4626 for both banks . The -9007 and -9009 sensors trigger CHECK ENGINE light . KEY - The electric connector `` TABS '' are slightly different . If they do n't match the original , DO N'T use it . I matched up the TAB configuration for the electric connector on the DENSO web page , which indicated the -4626 . My bad ... I shaved the `` tab '' ends to make the -07 and -09 fit . I now have quasi-new aprox $ 200 of sensor junk . Paying for an education in O2 sensor hell :--RRB- -RRB- Good Luck .
 do not by these engines , there terible . im a mechanic for 20 years and have never been stupid enough to by one of these , or instal one for a penny pincher customer . i have had to diagnois many , the use of lead shims in the cam jurnals was the first thing that caught my eye , these engines are worn out blocks that ca n't be repaired . and then recon trys . i thought they went out of buisness , geuss not . do not by these engines they wo n't make it down the street . i know from experiance .
 One of the injectors -LRB- out of the 4 shipped -RRB- was bad ! . Replaced 4 injectors on my daughters Celica and car ran worse . Took it to Toyota and they had to replace # 2 injector because it was bad.You get what you pay for I guess !
 Amazon price and service are great ... but ** BEWARE ** of HyperTech.I purchased one of these and they refused to update the program chip when it became obsoleted by newer on-board computers.They wanted to charge me $ 250 for an updated chip . I 'd try a company that takes better care of their customers .
 I purchased this y-pipe with catalytic converter as part of replacing my entire exhaust system on my 4.7 L 2000 Dodge Durango . I purchased this from Auto Shepherd via Amazon . I can not say this product is anything special , it fit with some aggressive tweaking and the bends are not smooth mandrel bends they are very flow restricting . It is certainly not a performance item . If I had to redo it over again , I would not have purchased or used this product , but unfortunately needed to get this project done and I did n't feel like going through the effort in returning the item for something else . Also this item did not ship from Auto Shepherd in a box , it was just the naked exhaust pipe with a shipping label stuck on it , so it arrived with several dings in the flanges that I had to work out before installing it . I have had good luck with Auto Shepherd in the past , so this was also a disappointment . I did combine this with the Flowmaster 17208 Cat-back System and Flowtech 91944FLT Shorty Smog Headers both of which are excellent products and installed easily other than my having to purchase an additional 12 '' piece of straight pipe to connect the converter exit pipe to the Flowmaster inlet pipe . Net is if you are looking for something that will meet the need , this is fine , but if you are looking for a performance item or a high quality product , purchase something else .
 Thick Material , , it is very Substantial , Almost TOO Much so . . not optically Transparent Hence SO Highly Visible , almost makes car look unattractive . . Detracts from Car 's appearance !
 I got this item with my points from Amazon credit card so I did n't spend money on it , but I did n't expect it to fall off so quickly . Also , I do n't remember if there was a color option , but I should n't have picked the clear because it quickly turned yellowish . Two fell off pretty quickly . I tried to reapply but after a while they would fall off again . I finally ripped the other two off .
 The concept was very cute . If you want an air freshener , this isnt for you . The smell lasted less than one day . . But the angel is cute .
 The image shown does not match with the real product
 Item arrived in different color just as described by the comment above.Its supposed to be black with chrome insert.They sent silver with chrome insert.I dont know whose fault is this but I dont want to go through the hassle of returning this item.I 'll just paint this over but next time send the right color !!!
 I measured the inside dimensions of these Prothane jack stand saddle pads once they arrived . The inside dimensions are 3 and 7/8 inches x 1 and 1/8 inches.Therefore they will NOT fit 4 and 1/2 inch jack stand saddles as advertised . The dimensions of my jack stand saddles are exactly 4 and 1/2 inches x 1 inch . There is no way these urethane pads will stretch 1/2 inch under normal conditions to fit on my jack stands . I did not try for fear of damaging them . Other reviewers indicated they would not fit on their jack stand saddles but did not indicate what the inside dimensions of these pads are , otherwise I would not have purchased.Note
 These do not fit well on my jack stands . Like the other reviewer said they tend to pop off and shift around while lowering the vehicle . I thought after I used them once the weight of my car would press them on and snug them up . They popped back off when I pulled them out from under the car . Another thing that I want to mention is that the picture on Amazon , as of 10-30-11 , for this item shows a round service jack pad along with the jack stand pads . THIS DOES NOT COME WITH A SERVICE JACK PAD AS PICTURED !!!! I was under the impression that I was getting a service jack pad with the jack stand pads . Shame on me for not reading the description more thoroughly .
 I see a picture and place an order , I expect the order to represent the picture . I only see 2 jack stand covers in the box I recevied / Where 's the Lift pad as pictured ? I guess I have to wish it . Oh well ... . Try try again ...
 The product came , i opened the box and much to my dismay the product was not correct . the description amazon provides is wrong . it is a power steering pump seal kit and not a power steering hose .
 I wanted to buy a high pressure hose , and then sent what gaskets.Why did you write that this high pressure hose , and actually it is quite another
 The first set had a mismatched wiring harness for the LED 's . It looked as if Pilot made an upgrade on splicing the LED wires down to one connection but the harness still had two connections for the LED 's . Exhanged them for another set , the wiring was correct on these but I only get one LED color out of the 7 . On both sets the HID 's worked well and nice and bright but the LED 's are unreliable . I 'm thinking Pilot is using this as a marketing ploy to sell regular fog lights but they need to come up with something that works as advertised . I spent days splicing wires to get the first pair to work , finally gave up and exchanged them . It only took 30 minutes to remove the old pair and redo since I knew how to do it from the first time around and still disappointment rules the day with these things .
 I purchased this product with anticipation and got it fully installed the 7 color L.E.D rings did not work well , only 4 worked properly and when receiving the wires some were pulled out on the lights . After using for about an hour all the L.E.D rings stopped working , I really like the HID fog lights they work great and look great , but I 'm trying to contact Pilot Automotive and discuss this problem . I believe it is a defective set of lights , I do n't want to turn anyone away with my bad experience I am going to try and get a new set and hope they will work .
 DO NOT BUY IT . My Car begun to make some bad noises after installing them .
 My first thought how did this pilot fog lamp compare to my Piaa.As other review has stated the wire harness is in deed way too short for most cars even for my corolla . I had to make the harness longer to complete the job at hand . The on/off switch is a joke , I change it to normal on/off switch for a easier installation.I also change the bulb to Sylvania silverStars knowing that they are a better bulb and hopefully that it will improve the light out put . I never did a compare with the stock bulbs that came with the pilot 's . So I ca n't say if it was indeed better.To test this product I drove on some of the near by canyons roads . On a clear night it 's not too bad , but when there 's fog for get about it . It does more harm then good , even my low beams was doing a better job.Bottom line , it 's true about you get what you pay for . Spend a little more money to get something better and you will not regret it . This produce seems more for looks then performance .
 these are NOT H.I.D as Amazon web site states . Box says `` simulated HID `` Next Amazon web site says '' wire harness with relay . NO RELAYLooks like too many lies to even think about installing then.The lights do look well made , good for one star .
 I guess you get what you paid for . To me it 's not worth it . Maybe it 's a different story for the more expensive ones . This one covers the speakers that are on the dashboard . They 're not cut-out or pre-cut . Do n't believe them when they say `` it wo n't make any difference '' coz ' IT DOES . The highs -LRB- tweeters -RRB- are literally being covered and nowhere for the sound to come out ...
 You can only use this chain if you disassemble the engine . Chain is not taken apart so you can attach it to old chain and run it through engine .
 I installed this on my 2007 Toyota 4runner back in 2007 . Installation was easy enough -- no drilling required . Only thing that needed to be done was to loosen the front grill plate to slide the edge of the deflector in , and then 2 screws to existing holes on the underside of the hood and it was secured ... The deflector seemed to work well enough -- I 'll never know . I still got innumerable bugs etc. . . as well as 2 rock chips that eventually cracked the windshield requiring replacement.HOWEVER , I decided to take the deflector off yesterday , and when removing it , noticed that where the deflector sat flush against the front of the car hood -LRB- where it tucked into the grill edge -RRB- there were numerous -LRB- over 1 dozen -RRB- paint pit marks -- undoubtedly from where the plastic rubbed directly against the paint . Even worse , the pits were all showing rust!I just sent an email to Weathertech yesterday , and am still waiting for a response -- I would n't hold my breath however , waiting for a resolution.This deflector WILL rub your paint and eventually cause rust . The only way it can avoid this would be to re-design a full-floating deflector , a relatively easy fix.I would AVOID this bug deflector -LRB- and probably all other ones -RRB- !! Here 's the photographic proof of the damage caused to my hood : http://i73.photobucket.com/albums/i210/nofear38/4Runner/014.jpghttp://i73.photobucket.com/albums/i210/nofear38/4Runner/011.jpghttp://i73.photobucket.com/albums/i210/nofear38/4Runner/008.jpghttp://i73.photobucket.com/albums/i210/nofear38/4Runner/012.jpghttp://i73.photobucket.com/albums/i210/nofear38/4Runner/013.jpghttp://i73.photobucket.com/albums/i210/nofear38/4Runner/005.jpg
 Product was shipped and recieved on time . Product was packaged improperly and was warped . Product would not fit on the front of the vehicle and damaged the vehicle !!! Horrible experience that has cost me a lot of money and grief.I do not recommend this product at all !
 Tried these on my dust collection system and was very disappointed . I would not recommend them , when you loosen them the fall apart , the washer falls out and I had to rebuild them . I would not recommend these to anyone .
 `` Brazillian '' refers to waxing one 's `` other '' hair ... sometimes crudely referred to as a `` bush . '' This is equating the leader of the free world with someone 's not-so-public hair . If you do n't like a candidate 's policies - fine - but how juvenile do you have to be to make fun of their name like a 2nd grader as though you 've made some valid point - plus , it 's just disgusting !
 Just an ordinary double sided tape . Was not strong enough to hold my rear spoiler . I would not recommend this at all . Bought it because of 3M brand , but like any other product , not what it used to be .
 I bought a twin pack of these to replace my license plate light and interior trunk lights on a Honda S2000 . The color is better than the stock incandescent bulbs however they produce less light . The worst part is that these are VERY directional with their pattern . Each wedge consists of two LEDs and they shine straight down . Therefore my license plate has a bright stripe down the center as opposed to the wider , more consistant pattern emitted by the incandescents.DO NOT buy these if you 're hoping for a brighter light as I did .
 Need it to separate a piece form my windshield wiper , basically this thing could n't do it just kept slipping off . Never used it for Gear pulling so I ca n't comment on if it actually works for that , but this is what was recommended to but to complete what I needed to do , but failed .
 Does n't come with tire carrier . When I put it in my cart a whole different bumper was displayed . Classic case of false advertising . Glad I caught it before I purchased it .
 Got this Bc of tire carrier with bumper ! But when received and opened , guess what ? No tire carrier ! The extra bad part is amazon does n't show the tire carrier alone , but they have bumper alone ! They need to change pic on the product ! I did.t give one star Bc it is a nice looking bumper . Now the reason for 2 star review is Bc instructions say you have to drill holes -LRB- 2 -RRB- on passenger side . But that 's untrue ! You have to drill holes on both sides -LRB- 4 -RRB- holes total with 7/16 drill bit ! That 's a bitch too ! Have you e er tried to drill that large of a hole with a template ? Mighty tough whenever you got ta be pretty exact or it will not line up ! I would n't recommend buying without knowing these two MAJOR drawbacks ! To restate the two drawbacks ... . BIGGEST DRAWBACK ... NO TIRE CARRIER . 2nd drawback ... does n't offer tire carrier alone . 3rd drawback ... having to drill large holes from template ! -LRB- not a paper one either , you have to mount bumper , mark where to drill , then remove bumper to drill , then remount bumper -RRB- I would try a.d return , but I held onto bumper without opening box for too long . I have n't mounted yet !
 DID NOT LIGHT UP ANYTHING IN FRONT OF THE TRUCK , HAD TO TAKE THEM OFF AND BUY ANOTHER SET OF LIFHTS , THIS TIME K/C .
 If you 're looking for a `` narrow far reaching beam '' , look elsewhere . These lights do not produce any real output . They are good if you only want to `` look cool '' . As stated in another review , these are the same lights as sold in AutoZone or AdvanceAuto stores.The housing is made from pretty durable plastic , and the lens is glass.It comes with a wiring harness that can be used , but is of a low AWG wire.They are pretty shallow in depth , allowing you to mount them virtually anywhere .
 I was under the impression that when I purchased these lights that they would be an improvement over my driving lights . I was wrong . These lights are so pathetic that I would never recommend these to anyone ! Not only do I not notice them over my driving lights , I could n't possibly drive with these lights on alone ! The box says that they will increase the lighting over your stock headlights . I would call this false advertising .
 Although Amazon 's website says it will fit an '06 or later model , it does not . I ordered from amazon so I could have the ventshades overnighted -LRB- I 'm an Amazon Prime member so it only cost me $ 4 to have it overnighted -RRB- . I could have got it much cheaper on ebay if I did n't mind waiting . Plus , ebay has pics of the CORRECT item for the '06 and later Rio on the car . My advise is to buy it on ebay .
 After 2 times of receiving the wrong ventshades , i never received the right ones . this was a pretty simple order to get messed up twice .
 Rounded hammer heads look like they were done by hand on a bench grinder . The handles are n't wood like they show in the picture . You have to use your imagination to make all the pieces fit in the plastic case provided .
 Does a great job of eliminating smoke and smell but product wears out quickly . I 've been through 4 of these , the last time I ordered two at one time so I would have a back up and both stopped working in less than one month . After seeing the benefit of owning one , I was very dissapointed but have just ordered another brand to see if it works and LASTS any longer .
 I bought one of these thinking to spare my housemates , but immediately noticed it had several deficiencies.As originally designed , the unit is meant to draw smoke through the filter located inside the lid and expel the filtered air via vents in the base . However , in practice the design includes numerous leaks at the back of the tray , around the hinge of the lid . There 's some foam rubber inside the base that 's supposed to seal the leaks , but it does n't work . I suspect that many of the people who have praised this unit 's effectiveness were in fact seeing smoke being drawn directly into the fan compartment through the leaks , bypassing the filter entirely.The unit 's effectiveness is also limited by the use of a cheap 3-volt motor that spins a noisy and inefficient impeller . Additionally , many users have reported problems with the spring-metal contacts that serve as an on-off switch
 This worked great for a few weeks , then just after it was too late to return it , It Quit ... . It 's bulky and requires D size batteries , which if you use it a couple hours a day is n't bad , but a couple of full days in the office and you 'll be needing new batteries .
 I am disappointed that it quit working in the first week . I was replacing the same one that I 'd had for years and only replaced it because the lid was damaged .
 I bought this thing from Amazon and it did n't work at all . Do n't be fooled !
 This review is not much about the product as it is about company Holmes . I ordered this ashtray directly from the Holmes company and it 's been a week and a half and still no ashtray - they did NOT even ship the thing yet !!! I will be moving out of country in couple days and will not receive the item in time . I tried to cancel the order and they say it 's NOT possible -LRB- the order is still in processing , why can they not cancel it ? Every other company can !! -RRB- . Horrible company-do not order from them unless you have forever to receive the item . Not only it takes them forever to ship the item you do NOT have the option to cancel it ? What kind of bussiness is that ? I order thru internet a lot and I NEVER had this issue . Every other company on the internet ships within couple days and you are able to cancel the order , but HOLMES ? NO ! Very unhappy with the ridiculous Holmes company .
 At least I did n't waste too much money . But this product is lacking . To begin with , it absolutely eats batteries . It requires 2 D batteries , which needed to be replaced after the first 10 days . You have to keep the cigarette directly under the lid for it to absorb the smoke otherwise it just floats past the fan . The lid will not stay in place , which is what activates the fan and there are times the fan has not even worked until I put something heavy on the tray to hold it down . Do n't waste your money on this thing .
 Within a period of 10 months , I went through 3 of these as they wear out super fast . Why I even bothered to order another one after the first one -LRB- and especially again after the second one died -RRB- , I have no idea . Maybe I was hoping that the first one -LRB- or two -RRB- were just defective and/or did n't work well because they got damaged during shipping ... who knows . VERY wishful thinking on my part ! But , I 'll admit , I was just being an idiot . This thing is just a waste of money.The tray itself is SMALL . The ashtray ONLY helps a LITTLE in absorbing smoke if your cigarette is sitting in it & you do n't remove it ! That 's the only way SOME of the smoke can rise to the top where the filter is -LRB- underneath the top of it when you open it -RRB- . Yet my cigarette ended up falling out of it several times since the tray 's so small , obviously allowing smoke to just go straight into the air and being a very potential fire hazard if you do n't notice that this happened.If you 're holding your cigarette , there 's NO way it can absorb the smoke -LRB- and of course it also ca n't absorb the smoke from your cigarette as you 're smoking it either , unless you blow the smoke directly into the ashtray 's filter -RRB- . MAYBE then a very LITTLE bit of the smoke will get sucked into the filter . However , I do n't recommend doing this as it 's not worth it . The top barely lifts up to open & give you room for your hand to pick up & put down your cigarette , so if you try to exhale directly into the filter in an attempt to keep the smell of smoke to a minimum , you just end up blowing all your ashes & cigarette butts OUT of the tray and all over the place , creating a huge uncalled for mess and an even stronger smell.When I bought it , it did come with one replacement filter but the ashtray may wear out and die before you even get a chance to use it -LRB- if it does still come with a second filter -RRB- . If it does n't , cleaning this thing is SO difficult due to its small size and odd shape -LRB- again , since the top only lifts up to a certain point , allowing you VERY little access to the tray , filter , etc -RRB- . And you 'll also go through filters FAST , having to continuously order more to keep this thing doing at least 25 % -LRB- if that much -RRB- of what it 's supposed to do.If you DO intend on trying this , expect NOISE . It IS loud . I could not even hear someone talking to me from a few feet away without them raising their voice & practically yelling . I had to increase the volume on my TV if I had the ashtray going while watching television -LRB- and I was sitting right in front of the TV ! -RRB- I tend to smoke at my desk and that 's the main reason I got this -LRB- besides trying to keep cigarette smell out of my room , I wanted to avoid it from going into nearby items such as computers -RRB- . No such luck at all . And , if I got a phone call , forget it . I had to turn the thing off in order to hear the person on the other end -LRB- and if I wanted to continue smoking while talking on the phone , it was just being used as a regular ashtray since it was too noisy to leave on -RRB- . Even worse though , as regular ashtrays at least allow you to easily flick your ashes in them , set your cigarette down in them without falling out and be able to have enough room to get to the tray without a huge lid in the way that wo n't lift up any further to provide more room for your hand.Of course , smoking is a bad habit and we should all quit -LRB- easier said than done ! -RRB- Those of you who do n't smoke , just do n't start ! Just say no ... and , to the smokers , just say no to this piece of crap ashtray !
 Do not buy this product . It 's a piece of junk . I 'm so thoroughly disappointed , I believe the high rated reviews are from PR campaigns for this product . It 's completely useless.Btw , this is my first review ever . I felt so ripped-off by this product that I had to respond.I NEVER got it working . It 's a tinker toy wrapped up in a pretty box . The instructions are a joke . This whole product is a joke.DO NOT BUY IT .
 This is a horrible product , the fan is too loud , it does n't keep smoke out of the air , its difficult to clean and it stopped working after only 2 weeks . Changed batteries and it still did not work .
 I ordered two of the the smokeless astrays to save money on shipping but will save nothing because both products are now inoperable . Will have to return to the manufacturer and pay $ 5 each product for shipping handling , and hopefully get two replacements products . I have used these Holmes ashtrays for years and never had a problem with them when I ordered them directly from Holmes . Do n't know what to think at this point . What are the chances of ordering two same products and both are faulty items when they were supposedly new products .
 I have owned several of these smokeless ashtrays and they are fairly good for getting rid of the smoke . However , these things always end up making the worst noise that you could imagine ! In time , the plastic fan blade drops down , until it hits the bottom -LRB- inside of the ashtray -RRB- . It ends up being a bit like someone running their nails across a chalkboard ! Other times , the fan blade is simply warped upon purchase . Either way you are going to get a horrible noise that you can not stand to hear ! Not worth buying , save your money .
 Worked fairly well , a bit noisy , had to replace the batteries after two weeks , and it stopped working a month after purchase . Cigarettes tend to stick to the top too .
 2 weeks after I purchased this item , it quit working.The company send me the wrong filters for my item so that was a waste of $ 6.00 as well .
 In a nutshell , you can cross this one off the list if the following issues are things that will bother you : * It is extremely noisy . * The tray is very shallow - I had trouble with tumbling cigs and ashes . Also , unless you empty it after two or three cigs , it is over-full , so that when you extract the tray to empty it , butts and ashes leak into the workings underneath . * The lid , which hovers over the tray , is in the way . I kept hitting it with my hand or the cig.In short , this ashtray is poorly designed and loud . I threw it away .
 Purchased two in the past 18 months . Wear out easily and not very effective .
 I did not like this product . The base is not DEEP enough . I burned a rug two times .
 filters the smoke ok but does n't filter the odor . the tray is easy to remove to empty , but it is rather noisy . there has to be a better one out there somewhere .
 This product worked really well for the first few days and then the fan became very loud . I threw it away . If you can stand the noise of it , then it is fine .
 It broke after only 2weeks and this was my third one , would not recommend it ! I did send it back and Amazon refunded my money , , , , like the concept of the ashtray , however it 's cheaply made !
 Again , this item appears useless . I really would like my money back , but there was no return address label or instructions on how to return it if I did want to return it . This was intended for my ADULT children and I have to agree it looks like it is not really what it is cracked up to be . Once you put in bottom tray and batteries the fan keeps running and you can not shut the lid . They never even tried to use it , but I can see that it is really not going to be efficient with just a charcoal filter on the top of the lid when you can not even contain the smoke within the unit itself . It may end up dissipating the smoke some , but it really does not appear to be something that will ensure a smoke-free environment . I can understand my children not wanting to use it .
 I thought that this would help with the smoke from my husband smoking . But it does n't . It also said there was an ac adapter and there was not . Disappointed !
 As an ashtray it works fine as smokeless ashtray not even close , this product is a complete waste of money .
 After using for a couple weeks , the motor went out . Now I have oversized ashtray in the house with no purpose .
 Packaging states this item is for all Rav-4 's , but it does not fit the 2000 model . Labeling is incorrect for this item .
 This thing does not work , period . Straight out of the package , it did not work . So I did some troubleshooting and found that the coax conductor of both the set 2 output and the main output on the front , are both shorted to ground . As such , I can not see how this would ever work . The 12 volt outlet does work -LRB- big deal -RRB- , and the switch apparently works because I can measure the 12 volts out to the antennae come and go with the actuation of the switch . However , with the coax conductor on the output shorted to ground , I can not understand how this could ever work . So I returned the first one and ordered a second one , thinking the first was defective . The second one had the same issue . So I called the tech support line to see what was up with that . For 2 weeks straight , I called mulitple times every day and was never able to get through . It seems that the way they operate is by return call only , after you leave a message . Well , who has time to wait around the phone for a return call ? I decided to just return that one too and resolve to the fact that to send out 12 volts to the antennae and switch inputs is simple enough to do on my own rather than fool around with this oontraption that does not work . Very dissapointed in Winegard from every aspect .
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 Easy to install and looked good on my vehicle , only problem was my hood would not lock down , had to remove to close hood properly , have 08 jeep grand cherokee . I am sure that it works fine on other vehicles just not mine .
 I BOUGHT THESE FOR MY 2003 SL500 WITH 28K MILES TO HELP WITH BRAKE DUST . DOES NOT HELP AND ARE THE NOSIEST , SQUEALING THING EVER . THEY WERE INSTALLED PROPERLY AND SEATED WITH NEW ROTORS . WASTED A LOT OF MONEY FOR NOTHING .
 It is clearly a stab at showing the contrast between Calvinism and Arminianisn concerning the doctrine of predestination . Too bad they could not spell ARMINIAN correctly !
 I ordered this kit for a 2007 Nissan Titan SE . Amazon indicated that this was the correct kit for my vehicle . I received the kit that I ordered and it does n't fit my Nissan . I checked with AirLift customer service and they indicated that they have the wrong kit listed for the Titan . The correct kit is 59554 not 59544 .
 I ordered these for my chevy suburban K1500 , they came very promptly and I fitted them , bit tight but did n't think much of it being they were ceramic . Had a rubbing sound for ages that I put down to the new ceramics , turns out the metal shim parts of the pads were a lot deeper than the correct parts , they were rubbing on the rotors and created a deep groove in it which in turns meant they were jamming on it and not working correctly . Partly my fault for not realizing they were wrong and partly the seller 's for not knowing . I had to replace both my rotors and pads for new due to the damage , expensive lesson to be learned and I have worked on cars all my life . Bought them June 13th and replaced them on August 6th so not a very good life span . But this is only due to the incorrect sizing , the pads themselves would probably have been good so can not comment on that part .
 I felt the ad was very misleading and put in for a return/refund . Yes , what you see is what you get , but what you do n't see is what you also need . The image shows the upper half of the cap , but when it arrives , the locking mechanism and rubber seal are not included . I went on line to several different places and was unable to find the rest of the cap assembly . The only reason I could see wanting to replace the top part is if the little strap broke off . But if you car gives you a `` Check Fuel Cap '' message and you look up a solution on line , 90 % tell you to replace the fuel cap . This is because everything is computer controlled , including the amount of vacuum/pressure in your fuel tank . If the seal is leaky , then it throws off the vacuum , which throws off the air/fuel reading for the electronic fuel injection data at the computer . So yes , you can take the old guts out and put them into the new cap , but the leaky gasket is still going to leak . They should state that it is not a complete cap assembly . Look up FC-1058 on eBay and you will find one that has 4 images , from all angles .
 i bought these rotors in late march and 2700 miles later they are warped and need to be replaced . this was a terrible choice I made trying to save a buck ...
 This item shows only a Ram 's head logo with no other embellishments or text . The item shipped to me has a much smaller Ram head inside an outline -LRB- like a copy of the hood badge found on Dodge trucks -RRB- with the word `` RAM '' in large letters below it . Its basically an entirely different product and not what I wanted at all .
 I purchased this item because it was well priced and looked good . when i got it and put it on i noticed that it worked with the brakes on as advertised but , it worked with the right blinker and not the left . I called the company and they said that they knew about this and it was supposed to happen , which i find absoloutely ridiculous . So i then sent it back for a refund , still waiting on that though . .
 I purchased this for my Yukon which has a built in button that you push to use the `` trailer '' function , SO in order for this to work , that button must be pushed in and also a different connector must be put on the trailer plug . but if you have a two way plug this item would work great !
 Purchased this alternator based on the good price , which was a terrible idea . Ran into problems getting the alternator to fit correctly , then after installation the battery light remains on . Faulty equipment . I recommend bosche . Terribly unhappy .
 It matches my car but the problem was , it wo n't stick to my car . I followed the instructions as indicated but it just wo n't stick . Overall it served the purposed on to my car .
 does not work on car windows . I scrubbed till my arms fell off and the spots are still there
 This product does not work , I have glass shower doors , are water is hard , and really they were not that bad , and it does not remove the water stains .
 I used this on a shower door with a lot of calcium deposits . I tried it every way the description ot the product told me , INCLUDING buffing with a small sander but no change at ALL ... It seems a lot of people got results according to the other ratings which is why I purchased it but it made no improvement in my case .
 This stuff is total garbage . Maybe it might work on very light hard water residue but if it could work at all you would need more than the little pad they give you to work with . YOU WOULD NEED AN ELECTRIC SANDER !!! HORRIBLE !!!!
 Difficult to apply and very little improvement on the windscreen , even after doing the same operation twice . I do not recommend this product . Too expensive for what it is and definitely not worth it .
 Looks like positive reviews are fake . I wasted my money on this product and could n't remove any water stains no matter how hard I tried .
 I purchased this product about a week ago in hopes to clean off the hard water stains inside my aquarium . I first drained out all the water and followed the instructions as it stated on the back of package & spot-X website . It says to not be afraid and put some `` elbow grease into it '' which I clearly did for an hour or so to no avail . It did n't even put a scratch into the hard water deposits ... This stuff clearly does n't work as it claims to & I suggest you just spend a little extra to buy something better that 's proven to do the job . I wasted $ 18.50 on this junk & got ripped off ... -RRB- = !!
 Spot X did a decent job but it did not really get out the hard water shower glass stain as I had hoped . It did better than anything else but does not remove hard water stains .
 Maybe these water stains are just too badly etched , but this product did n't get them off my shower doors . I ordered it because we 'd tried a bunch of other products -LRB- spray-on cleaners , Barkeeper 's Friend , SOS pads , soaking in vinegar , Soft Scrub , baking soda paste , etc -RRB- and nothing worked . I precisely followed the directions and scrubbed like CRAZY with the enclosed pad . The directions tell you to scrub in a small area at a time - even if it only took a minute to actually work , it would still take a long time to do just one door . But I tried in the same area multiple times , scrubbing and scrubbing , and MAYbe it looks SLIGHTLY different , though still stained .
 I bought this product hoping it would remove hard water stains from my car windows . I did everything according to the directions but no luck . They must be very ingrained in the glass or something but I have been unable to find anything that removes the spots . Good luck to others .
 Tried it on glass shower doors and walls . Did nothing . Do n't bother with this stuff .
 Bought this to remove Hard Water spots from auto glass . It works . However , be prepared for lots of elbow greese . I attach the pad to a jitter bug sander , as directed , still have to work at it.I wo n't reorder this . I discovered a better way.RHR
 Not worth a rats poop . Tried it on my car window . Finally ended up buying one that did work , Eraser made by 3D . This stuff basically clumps up on the two scrubs that come in a zip lock bag with the product . Followed directions and ended up with a pasty mess on my car window that ended up creating more spots . Do n't bother with this stuff . It is a waste of space and time .
 This was recommended to me for hard water stains on the shower doors of my new condo . We have used it several times and the doors look the same . I had great hopes but this product did not work for me .
 Based on the great reviews , I purchased the product to remove hard water stains on a plate glass shower enclosure . The product was able to remove the `` roughness '' of the built-up residue but the underlying stain still remained .
 This product is the least saisfactory item I 've ever purchased on the internet.Poorly packaged , the cleaning pad touted in the description is nothing more than what can be purchased for pennies in any store.I tossed this out almost immediately and regretted the entire transaction .
 Not worth the money , tried this product on an old car of mine that has water stained windows without any luck . I folowed the directions and tried the product several times without results .
 I had high hopes that this would remove the haze from the glass lids on my pots and pans . I scrubbed and scrubbed and it did n't remove the haze . I ' m really disappointed in this product . Hopefully I can find some other use for it around my house so my money wo n't be totally wasted .
 i was excited when I found this product and read the outstanding reviews . I ordered here and eagerly applied it ! I applied it and applied it for days and now months later , it still does n't work . Not even a little . Nothing does no matter how much elbow grease I put into it . I have hard water build-up on my shower doors which are glass . It is terribly ugly and looks dirty but nothing will take this off . This product maybe makes a teeny slight dent in it but nothing to declare it works like it says it will .
 It matches my car but the problem was , it wo n't stick to my car . I followed the instructions as indicated but it just wo n't stick . Overall it served the purposed on to my car .
 I purchased these for a small block Chevy with the one piece rear main seal . There was n't enough room to get a socket or wrench between the head of the bolt and the flange on the crankshaft . Ended up not using them and going with GM bolts .
 Does not fit 2011 Pathfinder and also many other Pathfinder years . AMAZON IS IN ERROR as to compatibility even after you select the year make and model and style . Do n't wast your time and money .
 Hello everyone , this particular item is an add on kit for the Skyjacker YJ40 lift kit . It 'll include everything needed to complete your lift , for example
 The part is the right size but is inferior to the original . It is made of thin aluminum instead of a thicker gauge steel
 I ordered a steering stabilizer for my 87 Suzuki and received a steering stabilizer without screwed brackets as indicated by the photo . Threaded rods were only .
 I ordered a steering stabilizer for my 88 Suzuki and on two separate occasion had to return the item because what was in the box was what appears to be a steering stabilizer that would go with a kit , I just needed the stabilizer . Needless to say I was not happy paying for shipping the incorrect product back .
 First of all , the package arrived with packing tape around it to cover the already previously opened box . I paid for a new connector , not a used one . Regardless of if its a return or not , I paid for new.Secondly , the app at the top of Amazon.com said enter vehicle type . I entered the vehicle , the page refreshed and I checked out with it saying it would fit my vehicle . It does n't . Lastly , the picture shows the type of connectors I need . What arrived is nothing like what was in the picture.Buyer beware . Said it was sold by Amazon , LLC . I really expected better quality from Amazon . Resellers can mess up , but I thought Amazon was above this .
 I 'm sure the product itself would work as advertised . The problem is that the little thing that Amazon puts on the items page to verify it would fit on your vehicle is wrong . It does not in fact work for a 2002 Jeep Liberty . I really wish it would have worked because the only other thing I could find to fit my vehicle cost over $ 50 after shipping . This one was only $ 20 with shipping . If it will work for your vehicle it 's a great deal .
 This harness is not for Libertys which do n't have a factory tow package -LRB- most do not -RRB- , and does not look like the one pictured here . Most likely , you need the 30085 harness which plugs in at the tail light plugs . It is more expensive , but installs easily . For some reason they pictured the 30085 harness with this model .
 Did not specify that this will only fit Chrysler Vehicles with heavy duty trailer tow package from factory . Now has footnote for this on buyer page . Did not when I purchased it . Picture is not what I received . The picture is for the unit I assumed I was going to receive . Correct picture of unit is in Installation manual PDF file . Not even close ! Bought a seperate converter and had to splice the entire unit in instead of just plug and play installation . Deceptive advertising !
 This part is to add a 4-way to an existing 7-way trailer wiring system . I thought I was buying the part to install a new 4-way wiring system to a vehicle without an existing wiring system . This item is not as described .
 The first and second time I tried to install the visors , they seemed to fit as they should , but the windows would not go past the bottom of the visor , making them usless to me ...
 the visors for the rear windows did not fit . . could not get windows to close . . the ones for the front windows fit perfectly so i know i got the right set.cant return the set as i had put the front window visors in and had removed the tape and set them in place , and it would cost more money to ship them back from alaska then they are worth . . i hope this stops someone else from buying a cheaply made product that doesnt fit all the windows it advertises as doing ...
 Product Looks Nothing as Advertised.Was totally Disappointed!Sent it back as soon as possible!Would not recommend ordering unless they could provide better description 's for their product 's !
 Although the delivery on this was exceptionally prompt , the item was not as I expected . I 'd searched for a PINK LED shift knob , and this item came up . It is n't pink , it 's RED . The teeny tiny screws inside were loose and I mistook them for debris , so they went in the trash when I opened the pkg . No instructions came with it either so I guess I 'll be winging the install . Amazon has the same item so the listing pics will either be changed , as seller requested , or left as is , with the pink photo appearing as the main photo . Seller did not offer refund , but was very helpful trying to figure out why there were no instructions or why this was not pink .
 I ordered the pilot H4 4656 headlamp conversion kit on 9-30-09 and paid extra for 2 day delivery . I received the package on 10-5-09 , not in 2 day 's . In the package was a box containing 2 Pilot lens/reflector units and 2 rubber like seals , nothing else . Writing on the box stated it contained a `` kit '' . This kit is to replace a sealed beam , light producing headlamp . Being a `` kit '' , implies that it has the necessary parts to replace the sealed beam unit and produce light when energized . The `` kit '' did not have H4 bulbs or wire harness . The wire harness is necessary because the H4 bulb and the sealed beam have different location of the contact blades , ie ; you ca n't just plug the vehicle wire harness onto the H4 bulb . There was no mention , by Amazon , at anytime , that H4 bulb 's and wire harness were not included . I now have 2 pieces of glass and seal 's , but , no light .
 It is not obvious from the sales description , but these lightweight , plastic chinese lamp housings do NOT include bulbs . That is to say , lightbulbs are not included , not even correspondingly cheap low grade chinese bulbs.Which is probably okay , since the intended application is to use them with cheap chinese HID conversion bulbs.Rather than this product , I would recommend spending an extra couple dollars on the HELLA headlamp conversion housings , as the HELLA are a far better quality .
 This probably would have been nice enough considering the price , had it shipped normally . For some reason , it was shipped Media Mail and so the Post Office never delivered it ... most likely because it is against policy to ship anything other than books that way . Also , after the estimated delivery date passed I had to contact the Post Office to find out it was shipped Media Mail . On my email confirmation it was listed as having shipped Parcel Post .
 The lens is very thin plastic what cracks easy or scratches , I did n't even bother to put in , waste of money for me .
 After having a complete failure with this epoxy , I performed a simple test of steel-to-steel adhesion qualities for various adhesives . While this Permatex epoxy may have higher tensile shear strength than basic hot glue , putty-type epoxy , or contact cement , it did not adhere to the steel anywhere near as strongly as those products did ; and definitely did n't come close to the adhesion qualities of my old standby , J.B. Weld . The Permatex epoxy simply pulled away from the roughened and cleaned steel when the metal test pieces were even slightly torqued.I found this epoxy to be quite useless for bonding steel to anything , and will now stick with J.B. Weld .
 Description implies you are buying 2.4 oz of epoxy . When the epoxy arrives it is only 0.8 oz . At this amount it is very high priced .
 Pins broke when i tried to install it ! junk not happy with product . sure would be nice if you sent one that worked
 The cover we received was nice & bright , however ther was a hole in it right out of the box on the orange sun behind Betty 's head . . I e-mailed you about it & nothing got done ... We are all done with ordering from Amazon ... thanks
 I had received one similar -LRB- with bigger artwork and brighter colors -RRB- as a gift but that one came off in the drive through car wash and by the time I discovered it missing it could n't be found . I bought this one as a replacement and originally was happy with the artwork thought the colors were darker and duller than the original . I live in Southern California and park outside . Within a year the artwork faded and lost most of it 's color . Although the cover still protected my spare , I bought it for the artwork and that did not hold up . I have since then sold the car and do n't have an outside spare anymore . Next time I need a spare cover I will buy a plain one locally for a lot less money .
 For the price ... this kit may do the job , but imho is not worth the price . Fittings are very limited , the guage lens is made of plastic with a purge valve next to the guage . Fuel can easily get on the lens and begin to melt away the lens making it unreadable . I had another kit , a complete set sold by harbor freight , that was much higher quality although difficult to use with the CIS system because it had pressure valves in all the connections . As well , the kit I received appeared used or returned previously .
 It is solid and has a nice glow , but ... the plastic started cracking within two days . The screws would loosen and constantly need to be re-tightened . Long story short , I took it out and I 'm $ 30.00 + poorer .
 The leather wrapping is very nice and well made . The problem is the base/neck of the shift knob broke in 30 days while I was driving . The metal part does not hold up even for 30 days . Very disappointed .
 I waited to review this until I had tried it for a while . Sadly it has not lived up to my expectations . It really is too tall for the gear shift on my truck but I figured i would just live with that . The real problem is the way it connects to the shifter -- not nearly secure enough because of the little allen screws it uses , so it is always loose feeling . And today the whole think fell apart -- seperated where the knob attaches to the threaded piece that goes on the shifter . Might work on an automatic -- definately no good for a manual shift !
 Made of very poor quality white metal it broke while installing it . Still have not got a refund . My advice is DO NOT purchase this item .
 When I first got it , I thought ... it 's not as nice as it is in pictures but after recalling the price , it was ok . I installed it according to the instructions and found that it came loose after only a couple minutes of driving it . I took the bottom part of the knob off and it stayed a little better . Now , after having it a week , it comes loose every time I drive it and a piece of the top layer has already peeled off . I am already shopping for a different one .
 I bought these thinking that they were the front shocks like they have in the picture but they are not . Their picture is wrong .
 did not come with instructions , went on superlift website and could not find instructions for 3261 . Havnt tried to put it together yet so yea
 This item is not the item pictured and described above . it is an exterior under-car red tube with no cigarette lighter adapter . I immediately returned the item after realizing this .
 Not meant for TDI Touareg 's but what is ??? Fine material once it unfurls , has a nice lip to hold spills .
 these bulbs are a waste of money . the two of them together are no brighter than one stock 3157 . save your money and but something else
 I bought this product for my BMW 545i . Along with the pads I bought all the brake hardware - rotors , springs , clips , sensors , the whole shebang . We followed the break -LRB- brake ! -RRB- in procedures to a &#34; T &#34; . The front pads squealed . They were returned and another set installed . Same problem . Now there is a pronounced shimmy in the steering wheel at low pressure braking . That was enough so I bought Akebono 's and turned the rotors . No squeak , no shimmy . By the way , I have installed brakes on dozens of cars so likely not the installer ! If you just want to do it once and have them work flawlessly , buy the Akebono 's .
 Had to make a few modificatiions lasting about an hour in order to get this product to work . Never buy again
 I bught the item for nissan 350Z MT.but this item not fit to Z-car due to construction method , shift length & DIA . notice
 I ordered my product about a month and half ago , and still havnt received the item i paid for ??
 Site claimed it would fit my 2000 Jeep Cherokee Sport 4.0 L 6 cylinder but it did not . Plugs were wrong , did not use distributor , wires were wrong , did not include the fuel filter or the PCV valve or the point set . Even if it did fit my vehicle the fact that it was missing parts is reason enough not to buy it . Picture shows the fuel filter and it was not in the kit . Wrong kit , bad description , and missing parts that were listed in print and in the picture , not much more to say than that .
 I have used numerous slip on steering covers in the past . This was really one of the worst . The material was very poor and did not stretch very easily . Made slipping on a real challenge . A few weeks after I installed it the seems began to fray and I ended up throwing it out after a month of use.Save your money
 I bought these to add a bit more brightness to the 6 year stock tail light bulbs on my '04 Mustang GT . Advertises a brighter white overall , but compared side by side to a stock bulb , there was no discernible difference . At a cost of $ 14 a pair , cheaper Sylvania 's match their output at less than half the cost . Returned .
 This item originally was just the `` velourmat Red '' plus the long item number , it just recently changed to having a proper name including `` 968 '' in the title . However before this convenient name change , you would have no idea which car the product fit , except for what Amazon said . It told me this product was a `` fit '' for my 1983 Porsche 944 NA . Not true .
 I was looking for cowgirl/horse car accessories and these floormats came up with a saying on it that said `` Cowgirl Up '' with a cowgirl on a horse . PERFECT for my daughter who loves horses and is turning 16 and has her car waiting for her . SO I ordered them immediately . They came in and it said on the mats `` Genuine Chevrolet '' Not `` Cowgirl Up '' , I complained , they sent me another set and it was of the SAME thing and they said its my mistake for ordering the ones that said Genuine Chevrolet on them when I did not !!!! The pic shown was of Cowgirl Up . It was their fault for listing them under the wrong description . They wo n't send me the right ones and wo n't issue a refund even if I return one of these sets !!!!!! Not good business !!!!!!!!!!
 If you are wanting to order Permatex 25224 as is pictured , you will be sorely disappointed when it arrives . What will arrive is indeed what is listed in the title , Permatex 29208 , which , if one goes to the Permatex website to cross-check stock data , is for a short caulking gun tube . But it 's not the customer 's fault that amazon.com failed to illustrate the correct item ; very few people other than parts professionals go by stock numbers . So be warned . Permatex 25224 is also available on amazon.com ; search for it , and confirm both the photo AND stock number .
 It is Ok but I do n't care for the dispenser . The container clogged and I had to throw it away after only using a very small amount . No more of this product for me until I can purchase it in a simple squeeze tube .
 I have both an Atlantis 1600 and an Atlantis 1800 . Good boxes . Problem is with the attach system . While simple , it was probably designed by a Swedish monkey . The part that sits on the cross bar of my roof rack fails at the screw attach point . It is a very weak fitting and held in place by one screw . The monkey would tell you this is not a bearing point for load . Why then does it always fail in this spot ?? Get this - the replacement part is $ 2.60 from Thule direct AND they want $ 20 for shipping ... Now that 's a business model !
 Unfortunately , this product is `` Made in Taiwan '' , and is no better that the cheaper brands from major auto parts stores . Returned and purchased from Toyota .
 I 'm so tired of replacing these tires every 2ooo miles or so . I am out of the Dunlop business . Kenda probably has better longevity . They ride good but geeze . I would n't recommend these . I have to replace almost every year and I really do n't ride that much
 I am very dissatisfied with my overall experience with Thule . I own a Thule Atlantis 1800 -LRB- Grey -RRB- cargo carrier . I accidentally broke a key off inside one of the locks and while trying to remove the broken key I accidentally damaged the inner cylinder as well as the outer dust shield . I ordered what I thought was a new lock from the website and received only the inner piece to the lock . There was not a picture of the product on the website , only the name of the product . When I received the wrong product I called customer service and they told me that Thule does not sell the lock part that I need to have replaced , they only sell the inner cylinder . The rep told me to take the part to a locksmith so I did . The locksmith told me that he can not remove the old inner cylinder without permanently damaging the outer piece because he said he has cut the outer piece off from the inner cylinder . He recommended that I buy a new entire lock from Thule , which apparently Thule does not sell . So now I am stuck with $ 600 cargo carrier that Thule does not sell a $ 20 part to repair . It is beyond me how you can continue to manufacture your products and not sell basic replacement parts to them . This is horrible customer support of your products and I am extremely disappointed in Thule as a company . I expect more from a company with such a great reputation . The Thule reputation is why I purchased the product in the first place and I own a Thule bike rack as well . I will not be purchasing Thule products in the future . I will find a company that sells replacement parts for their products .
 I have both an Atlantis 1600 and an Atlantis 1800 . Good boxes . Problem is with the attach system . While simple , it was probably designed by a Swedish monkey . The part that sits on the cross bar of my roof rack fails at the screw attach point . It is a very weak fitting and held in place by one screw . The monkey would tell you this is not a bearing point for load . Why then does it always fail in this spot ?? Get this - the replacement part is $ 2.60 from Thule direct AND they want $ 20 for shipping ... Now that 's a business model !
 Can not rate the product , because it arrived nearly 2 weeks after my vacation , which was 3 weeks after Amazon -LRB- verbally -RRB- and their trucking company -LRB- verbally -RRB- promised it would be delivered.Amazon could not cancel or change the order the night it was placed , because it was `` shipped '' . `` But do n't worry , it will absolutely be there on time '' . Trucking company could not track the order for days , because they had `` not yet received it from Amazon '' . `` But do n't worry , we 'll get it to you 2 days after we receive it . `` When all was said an done , nobody followed through and it nearly ruined our family trip . -LRB- Found the only similar item in stock at a local store , the day before vacation . -RRB- Amazon delivery commitment trust value is way down in my book.No restitution from anyone !
 Opted against this item because it is not stackable . It is otherwise a good item if you only need to store 1 or 2 . Best feature is the two handles .
 Typical of just about any product made by Blitz , these are crap . They are cheaply made and not the rugged quality Scepter cans were made like . Thank the Republic of Kalifornia and their CARB laws for this stuff . It 's a version of Blitz 's fuel can made for water.Look for a better product if you 're using it daily in an RV or an an overland expedition . If they 're solely used for home preparedness they 'll be fair .
 Nice material , good color . Wider at base than at top , for stability . When jug is sealed and laying on its side ... it leaks . Kind of an important feature to not have happen . If it leaks on its side , it leaks upright too , you just do n't see it much , but it can evaporate or let contaminants in , or splash out . I bought two of these , they both leak . They 're both going back.I have a couple ancient Igloo brand jugs that never leak on their side or upright -LRB- or upside down for that matter - yeah , it was a rough road -RRB- . I went with these new ones because the self-venting nozzle would serve my needs better than a hole on the back of the can , as in the case of the old Igloo water jugs.Looks like I 'll have to go Milspec surplus to get decent jugs.YMMV
 This product is described as featuring a `` Transparent color -LRB- that -RRB- allows view of water level . '' Unfortunately , that is not true . Mine came molded in an opaque blue plastic , and you can not see the water level.Also , the spout is made from a thin plastic that feels brittle , and both it and the container have poorly molded threads that make it easy to cross-thread the spout when attaching it . Furthermore , the container can not be sealed without the spout in place and exposed as shown in the product photo . This all combines to make the spout a vulnerable weak point that could be relatively easily snapped off , rendering the container useless.I will keep mine since I do n't intend to use it regularly and I think the spout will survive my limited use , but my next purchase will be a genuine army-issue water can . They are much more durable .
 Be warned.Contrary to the info provided this does not fit a 1.9 diesel ! For that you need an Empi 806840 . RWI would not pay for return shipping.So you pay twice for shipping even if you follow the directions for order ` does this fit your vehicle ? ' I was told I am not the first one to do this ! Why it has n't been fixed who knows?Mac does a better job in my opinion . They delivered a 806840 with my vehicle description , for about the same cost .
 The item I received was TOTALLY different from the picture shown . I received the correct part number -LRB- Dorman 65240 AutoGrade Oil Drain Plug -RRB- , BUT , the actual part -LRB- labeled `` 65240 '' -RRB- is a `` toggle bolt '' type of plug that requires internal clearance in the oil pan for the toggle to gab the pan from the inside . My Honda Civic does not have the necessary clearance inside the oil pan . The picture of the 65240 INCORRECTLY shows an expanding rubber type of plug that is tightened by a wing nut . Hopefully they will correct the picture for this item . I assume they will exchange it at no charge & if not , I 'll follow up with another review.Follow up : Incredibly , the item they exchanged it with was THE SAME ITEM . The representative I was corresponding with -LRB- `` Rafi A. '' -RRB- -LRB- via email -RRB- was courteous and prompt , but he apparently did n't read my message which gave the part number that I wanted in exchange -LRB- a Dorman 65200 -RRB- .
 The only lasted 3 weeks in my vehicle and when I stop there is a lot of black stuff on the rims.Rodney Russell
 After installing the new part it worked fine for about 20 days . Now the vacuum portion of the switch went bad and I have no control of which vents the air blows through , When I inquired about if there is a warranty on the product I was refured to ask the manufacturer .
 Out of 12 pushrods to remove , it worked on two of them then one arm completely snapped off on the 3rd . So while it `` works '' for removing pushrods , it is horribly constructed . I ended up not saving any time by buying this and it was a complete waste of money .
 No where in the review for these motion activated wheel effects did it say the lights blink , but when they were delivered I found out . Blinking lights are illegal in most states and ca n't be used on the street . These are also made from cheap plastic that would n't last but one or two rides anyway , especially if it rained they 'd be ruined . Being battery operated they are not as bright as I expected . Bottom line , save your money .
 Save yourself money and time ! The As Seen On TV Ding King Is A ripoff . I ordered the kit and the glue that came with it did not stick to the puller or the car body . When I tried to reach the company I could not reach a soul .
 I bought the same equipment yesterday at Harbor Freight for $ 7.99 . Different brand , same stuff .
 Tried this on a small and big dent and it did not reduce either dents . After I applied the glue and twisted the tab , the entire tool would pop off and the glue remained on the car . You 're probably better off buying the industrial pump puller .
 Unfortunately I used this product after the 30 days return time and I was VERY DISAPPOINTED that it did not work at all . The glue dries very quickly and does not have enough pull power for the smallest ding . A real waste of money and time !
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! This is a waist of money . Glue gun barely works , and the product is junk . DOES NOT WORK !
 Dont even waste your time with this . Complete garbage product . Tried for hours to pull a few dents and didnt do anything but dirty the car with glue . A plunger would be more effective
 This simply did not work . I followed the instructions exactly . 5 times the glue just popped off my motorcycle gas tank without pulling out the dent . When I have time I will try some epoxy or something stronger .
 Not what I thought it would be . Made to dash look really sloppy . First thing I have returned .
 Bought this from Amazon and the price and service was great.The product however was n't . After installing and putting my ATV back together the winch would not work . After a bunch of trouble shooting I opened up the switch to find that the red lead had come off of it 's terminal . WOW !!! The leads are not even soldered to the terminals anymore . How cheap is that !!?? My old switch had soldered terminals . So much for Made In USA . Should have made them off shore . At least they have solder over there . On the plus side Superwinch did warranty it and are sending me a replacement but how long it lasts is yet to be seen .
 Very disappointing , these are either equal brightness or dimmer than the regular old bulbs I pulled out -LRB- a bit ` whiter ' yes , but ` brighter ' no -RRB- . Upon reading the package the specific wording as follows : `` Claims based on measured comparisons between Silverstar Ultra product family at 100 % light output and standard halogen bulbs at 80 % light output . `` Testing is so biased they had to write it on the package , and no doubt tested against the lowest rated halogens Sylvania was able to find.AND preceding the % 50 brighter , 40 % farther , and 50 % wider is more small print stating '' * replacing worn standard bulbs provides : '' -LRB- does n't state anything about replacing them with silverstar ultras , any worn old bulbs will fade and you will notice a difference upon having a new bulb no matter what kind.Don ' t waste your money , at $ 24 it 's comparable to regular bulb prices so fine .
 I ordered the size for my Toyota FJ Cruiser - Year 2008 . When I took my vehicle to toyota for installation , they advised that sixe # Sylvanis # 9004SU was incorrect.I advised you of this and you sent to me the same item again - also charged me again.Thus , i returned both light sets in one package.Please confirm back to me that you have credited both sets returned.Thank You , Regards , Harry Marvin email = bigtuna976@aol.com
 I purchased these lights because I anticipated a lot of night driving this winter . I installed these bulbs on the right side of my 2001 Dodge truck in place of the bulbs that came with the vehicle 8 years ago . I could n't tell the difference from the originals on the left so I asked my wife to look at them and tell me which was brighter ; you guessed it , she said it looked like the left side -LRB- old bulb -RRB- was brighter !
 I 've replaced halogens before ; I know not to touch . Both bulbs burnt out prematurely in 4 & 5 months . Too expensive for such a short life . While replacing , I compared left Sylvania bulb with right existing halogen ; brightness only slightly better , but not worth the price . A poor value .
 This was a good price for the product that they show in the picture , but the truth is they send me a old model that is the same as walmart has for the same price , why I would go online to buy something and wait for it if I can get it anytime . So this trick is not fair if you show the latest model you should send that one .
 I did not recieve the pictured item . I recieved a standard OEM replacment which is not what I ordered
 Purchased a set of these to replace originals in my 2010 SUV . Absolutely no difference in brightness . One of the worst investments I ever made . Do n't waste your money . Having someone walk in front of you with a lit candle would be just as good .
 I will admit these bulbs are an improvement over standard bulbs but they do n't last very long at all and I had one bulb shatter inside the housing which ruined the reflector . I was very careful when I installed it and did n't touch it and it worked fine for months before it just exploded one day . As such , I am going back to the stock bulbs and wo n't waste my money on these again .
 Ordered these for my FJ Cruiser . After removing the old bulbs it was obvious that the new ones were different . I notified Amazon that the part number is incorrect . The bulbs were returned and the refund process was a breeze !
 Well i wanted a much brighter Headlight , so i bought what i thought , was suppose to be the brightest light from Sylvania . In short , they just stink . The headlights are not at all what i was expecting , and i notice very little difference form the No Name Lights i bought from JC Whitney before these . If you are looking for a brighter Light do not waste your money buying these . For a little more i could have bought a Plug & Play HID kit . I think Sylavania makes one standard bulb and has different packaging .
 These bulbs produce a nice amount of light especially over the stock ones the biggest problem with them is that they only last about a year if your lucky I have had three different sets and they all last almost a year . The last ones only lasted about 7 months so I am going to try different bulbs !
 I am totally disatisfied with this product ! One of headlamps burn out after installation and it was NOT even used/operated for a complete month . This is very disconcerting , considering the cost of this product and its producer ! Not happy at all !!!!!!
 I wanted better lighting during night driving so I chose these after reading the reviews . Sometimes you just ca n't go by the reviews because everyone has different experiences so you have to go with your instincts . I installed these bulbs myself in just a few minutes but the side by side lighting is no different than before and I honestly see no improvment in any brightness at all . One reviewer is right on the money I must admit about using latex gloves to install them because the oils from your fingers can easily burn the lights out . Use thin plastic gloves when installing them and also taking out your old bulbs because you will wind up installing them back and returning these so do n't be quick to just rip the package open because you will wind up shipping them back . I 'm going to do a little better research before buying lights because they are too important for me to ignore for my saftey at critical times when needed . In my opinion these bulbs are no different than the OEM . I 'd really like to say they are an improvment but I ca n't , you can do better . Remember , this is a very important investment.Trust me on this one and stay away.It 's still over a year and these bulbs have been my worst purchase ever . It 's not amazon 's fault but mine for not doing my homework and foolishly trusting the positive review 's . I can barley see the corner as I 'm turning . Thank God I do not do night driving ! These bulbs are comming out asap befor I wreck my car!Another prime example of not buying over the internet . Get it in person and tell them what you are expecting out of high performance bulbs.Solution
 I purchased a pair of these in March 2009 from Amazon . There was a rebate so the price was n't terrible . That is about the best news.The light output was not notably higher than the standard halogen bulbs in my Maxima . 10 months later , one has already burned out . The product packaging warns of short life . What it does n't warn is that the product , at least to my perception , does n't provide much more light from a standard bulb in real world situations.My headlight bulbs are n't difficult to change but I would n't put these things in again if someone gave them to me . Just not enough more light ... even IF the life of the bulb was decent .
 These bulbs appear both whiter and brighter than the two Sylvanias I replaced . I have edited this review because one of the bulbs burned out after only a few weeks . Amazon sent a replacement package , but I had already installed another brand . So the jury is still out on this one .
 Any time a tint is applied to the glass of a bulb reduces the light output . Simple as that . The blue spectrum of these bulbs gives the illusion of brighter light , but in fact it 's just whiter.What bulb manufacturers need to start doing is dispense with using wattage as a means of calculating light output . Watts is a measurement of work , nothing more.Lumens is the term of measuring the amount of light a particular source emits . There is a correlation between watts and output , but it is n't always linear.An 9004 bulb -LRB- for instance -RRB- without the tinting of the Silverstar wo n't produce as much usable light as a non-tinted bulb of equal wattage . The light produced by the Silverstar will APPEAR brighter , but again , it 's just brighter on the kelvin scale . A Silverstar will produce light in the area of 4,000 kelvin in whiteness , where a normal bulb -LRB- again , of equal wattage -RRB- will produce something in the area of 3,200 . However , the Silverstar may produce as much as 50 lumens less usable light.There are several websites that illustrate this clearly . Please research before purchasing these bulbs.The reason many of you experience longevity issues with this bulb is because Silverstars use a thinner filament in the capsule to obtain a `` brighter '' bulb . Get Osram Night Breakers or GE Nighthawks .
 I should 've listen to some people that wrote the same thing here ... its the same cheap light bulbs you would find at the store but with an outrageous price . . AVOID !!!!!
 The bulbs were not as bright as we expected them to be . Husband ended up buying different bulbs and disposed of these bulbs , that 's how unhappy he was with them .
 it says that this is white but its not white at all I am disappointed for that price i could buy a xenon lights the whole kit . sorry my grammar is not very good
 I had these installed on my 2001 Nissan Xterra . My night-time vision is not great . I found the Silverstar Ultras a great improvement over the factory installed bulbs in terms of brightness and field of vision.However one burned out within a year and I replaced again with the Silverstar Ultra . Two weeks later the other one burned out and so I had no option but to putchase yet another Silverstar Ultra . Looking at Xterra bulletin boards I have found other owners with similar problems with the product.The bulbs give off great light but I would not be buying again . Xterra owners beware !
 I 'm sure the filter is fine for its intended application . I would caution prospective buyers to double check the part compatibility against the manufacturers website . This does not fit the 2006 Avalon that the Amazon claims . Fortunately , I was able to ` trim to fit ' . - Martin
 Very good materials , however it was a really tight fit for an '05 Camry . Also there are small gaps between the filter and filter tray once installed . However , applying tape to cover the small gap worked . I wo n't be getting this again , however because it was n't a perfect fit .
 Filter did n't fit well , it was a bit large in one corner which caused a gap . Amazon did a quick and trouble free return as always . The replacement arrived the very next day after I requested a replacement . The replacement fit perfectly , so it was just a one of defect . I would purchase again especially through Amazon , saved me a ton of time and money .
 I received my Bosch replacement filter for 2007 Merz C230 but like someone else on here said , it was mishaped and doesnt seal like the factory filter . I think these filters are being made in China and the quality is not what the name Bosch use to mean . I dont have the time to repackage and send back . I did my best to get a good seal and will not order again . I now understand you MUST ask the seller questions because they are sneaky ... ask is this a `` NEW UN-OPENED BOX '' and `` Brand New Never Used Before '' and `` This is not a returned re-stocked item '' . These sellers will not disclose these little details . Amazon is losing cred 's with me very quickly .
 this product weighs less than 34oz for 1 bottle . the 25 lb weight listed would be for a case of 12 bottles . this is also consistent with the price . there is no mention of quantities of bottles that would justify this high price .
 2006 GMC Sierra SLE front disc/rear drum . This item is for trucks with front AND rear disc brakes . If your Chevy/GMC has rear drums like mine , then you need part 16-1092 for the fronts.Power Stop 16-1092 Front Brake Pad
 I ordered this filter figuring it can not be too bad . Obviously , I was wrong . The filter media itslef was OK , but the molding around it was flimsy and porous , mis-shaped and the filter media was not connected well on one side , resulting in a hole almost 1 mm in size , which would definitly let the dust in . Very poor quality overall .
 Bought this for a blinker system for my ATV/ORV . A little frustrated that there is no schematic ! Guess I 'll tinker with it untill the magic smoke comes out of it .
 I bought two of these shocks for the rear end of a Toyota LC KZJ70 and I had them installed just this morning . It turns out that my LC bounces like there were no shocks on it . My OEM shocks which were over 65K miles worked just like the first day I put them on . I also bought two other Ranchos for the front end and they are the worst , I get to hit the bump stops in the minor road bump . I 'm seriously having my old OEM shocks reinstalled tomorrow because Rancho Shocks are a big fraud . To bad I live out of the USA to claim my money back on them .
 This Walker muffler does not fit a Honda Civic sedan . Do not be tempted to buy this item for a Civic . It is about a foot short ! Amazon should remove it from their offerings .
 this POS muffler did n't fit . not even close . the flange that hooked to the intermediate -LRB- `` B -RRB- pipe was about 6 inches shy . Even if the flanges had mated , the tail pipe would not have reached the outside edge of the rear bumper falling short by 8 inches . got an OEM Honda muffler for $ 30 more that bolted right up and came with an included gasket . Do n't bother .
 I dont really like how this product fits my NGK 7mm wires , it 's just loose . I just took it off as soon as I put it on . It was a cheap product from a good-known quality manufacturer , so I think that it applies to `` you get what you pay for '' . Quality-wise it just looks and feels cheap , no common from the previous protucts I 've gotten from Moroso .
 I recieved these wire separators and they are as they appear . Something I do n't like about them is that they 're not very flexible . I also do n't like that they are n't a round fitting where the wire slides in , they have bumps/dimples I guess to keep the wire in once there ? I did n't like it . They also seem to be somewhat bulky compared to my factory wire separators ... I did n't even bother to keep them on , I just replaced my worn out factory separators with some from a donor car .
 I suggest you buy this locally where it can be returned if you are unhappy . When I called customer support all I got was questions about my batteries , none about the charger.I have several batteries which all needed to be charged
 Do n't buy Powerstop products . These ceramic pads destroyed my rotors after only 8600 miles . They wrecked the face of my rotors with deep grooving which the company would not warranty . Rotors & pads were only a year old . Customer service is terrible . All they want to do is argue with you and will not give you any satisfaction . They do not care about keeping customers , including the CEO of the company .
 This item went on my 4x4 2001 dodge dakota and immediately became a problem . Destroyed the threads on my control arm , made a thunking and vibrating on every bump i hit . Reccomend billstien HD . ALSO went for return and still have not received refund or notice from the company .
 I got these shocks , they have issues with the fit on my durango , the rubber bushings are the wrong size and the shocks make all kinds of clunks when I hit bumps ... I will never buy Rancho anything again ... YUCK ! One shock has since broke about 6 months after I put them on . Now over a year of driving on them all the bushings were worn away and the rear shocks were metal to metal so the clunking was so loud people would look at my truck when I even hit a bump in a parking lot going 5 MPH!AND AND ALL THIS Never even taking it off road yet ! theses SUCK !
 Amazon part specifier lists this as fitting the CX-7 , but according to Fram site , it only fits the Mazda 3 and 5 .
 Amazon showed this filter would fit my 2011 Mazda2 . It is not the correct model however . I think this is the filter for a Mazda3 .
 The listing indicates that this item is Silver . The item received was NOT silver as listed but powder gray.This was purchased as a present for our grandson 's truck . He was expecting silver to accent the new paint job andis extremely disappointed .
 The bumper was advertized it would fit a 98 GMC , there are ten bolts holding the old bumper on , The new bumper had four that would line up , so it was returned , so very unhappy that it cost me to return the bumper !
 I installed it in my focus no problem , build quality looks ok . The problem is that is has created a resonance in my exhaust syatem at certain rpms that was never there before . I should have paid the extra $ 20 for the Ford one .
 Purchased two of these Bike PRO Chocks from Amazon . Wow ! The price was right , but about the only thing that was right . Installed them in my `` brand new '' 7x12 enclosed trailer . Drill the holes in my `` brand new '' wood floor , attached with bolts and installed . Finished . Trailered both bikes to Sturgis and upon arrival , unstrapped the bikes and proceeded to roll them back out . One is a Harley FLSTC Softail Heritage . The other is a Harley FLHTCUI Ultra Classic Electra Glide . What a pain in rear trying to get these bikes out . They roll in and the cradle flips up to hold the bike in place , but trying to get them out ??? Another story . They have to roll back out , up and over the cradle . Try doing that with a 700 lb . and a 900 lb . bike . Had all my neighbors and biker buddies over helping to rock the bikes back and out . Finally , I removed the two bolts that hold the cradle in place and popped them out with a sledge hammer . What a joke ! One of my neighbors left and came back with a 2x4 . He claimed to pry the bikes out , but the job had already been done . Never again ! I now have them for sale on Ebay . Wish me luck . Again ... Live and Learn !
 Gauge works , but is inaccurate compared to 2 other gauges that are known accuracy . Send email to maunfacturer but no answer .
 The description says it is Silver , and the picture shows an Silver/Black -LRB- gloss -RRB- bumper.When yopu open the package it is an flat gray.Right bumper for the vehicle , wrong descriptionI posted the actual picture of the bumper and how it looks . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 It was a great product . It was supposed to fit my vehicle according to the web page but it did n't . The grille came damaged but Amazon was great with their return .
 Installation was easy . After about 8 months -LRB- and I only pulled my trailer about a dozen times -RRB- , the unit started clicking and showing a code CL ... I then noticed one evening when it was dark that my brake lights were on when my truck was turned off ... I unplugged the controller and my brake lights went off ... Very disappointed especially for the price that I paid ...
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 beware , too much brake dust , Im driving in the city with 25 to 30 miles everyday . After 3 days of driving expect a lot of brake dust .5 stars for the rebate!UPDATE
 I bought this item and I was very dissapointed from the moment I opened the package , why you may ask , becauce clearly it was not the correct lift for the vehicle it was advertised for . I am the owner of said vehicle the ad said it was for but when I saw the item it was smaller and the connectors were not the same it was not remove and replace . So it made me drill holes to install , I wss again dissapointed because it never worked it could not hold up the tailgate . SO I 'M BACK TO SQUARE ONE , i have to use a stick to hold it up , waste of time !!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Amazon uses a stock picture for this product , but unfortunately it 's not the correct one . Bendix does not make a rear pad with the blue coating , so you get a regular semi-metallic pad.They are EE rated , so do n't expect improved performance over stock . They do stop the car and have n't come apart yet .
 Ordered these thru Amazon , thinking they might have more control on quality . Surprise . Seats are not as shown in picture , one had the 3A Racing logo sewn into the headrest -LRB- big -RRB- , and the other was just embossed with the logo -LRB- Not even the same logo -RRB- . Seat operators were not same from seat to seat . They were ` universal ' mount , although sold as fitments for our car.By the time this all came together , shipping boxes were discarded , and way too big of a hassle to correct -LRB- with no guarantee we would n't have the same problem . The dealer for 3A -LRB- items from China -RRB- have NO good reviews , and now find that BBB has dropped them.Thanks Amazon .
 I am very disappointed with the product and the seller . The filter arrived in a wet torn cardboard box with no other plastic or wrapping protecting the filter so the filter smells like wet cardboard . It appeared to be used or least damaged it had no brand number or name with it.It also was supposed to be a filter kit and I received a torn smelly filter that I will not put in my truck because it would then make the truck smell . This has been a very bad experienced for me and I do not think I will buy on line again from amazon
 I bought these because I really wanted them for my car to help keep it cooler while at work without having to worry about rain getting in the car . The price was a lot cheaper than I could find anywhere else and the functionality of the product is fine . The aesthetic of them was not so great . The edges of the shades were very sharp whereas a more expensive one would have the edges rounded and would not look so rough . The lines on the shades are also very bumpy . Just looking at them you can tell this . It seems like these might be factory seconds , or thirds even . The shades work fine , but they look horrible compared to others I have seen .
 I purchased this item thinking the plastic was textured , but it was smooth with a peel off decal to stick to it to make it appear textured .
 I bought this product because it was intended to be a gift . With the folded arms it 's easy for transport and storage , I get it . So I figured my little brother would love it . I opened the taped up USPS package and there it was . The product was in a blue plastic case and it reeked of oil . I proceeded to open the blue package and noticed the grease stains all over the lug wrench . What makes it worse is that `` UCOSTORE '' charges for return shipping ! I would n't have been so upset if I did n't pay $ 20 for a USED product.I gave it one star for prompt delivery .
 They had sent me the wrong flip kit . My reciept even says c15 and they had sent me a c10
 Yes , it 's ' dusty here , and there is a lot of silica in the dust . But most wiper blades I have bought last about a year . I just replaced these after 6 months because they were so streaky already .
 Receiver Hitch do not fit on car.I waited too long so now I have to cut one side , install and then weld it again .
 NO ... . I can not support the use of this product given how most users interpret it 's intended use!The kit description does use the word `` Winterizer '' ! We associate `` winterize '' with freeze protection.In my opinion , the manufacturer would be wise to provide full disclosure and details that fully explain the Raw Water cooled I/O and I/B engine T-stat housing , the sea water `` by-pass '' porting , and explain to the user that most all sea water is being directed towards and out the exhaust system . -LRB- sea water = antifreeze when the kits are being used -RRB- Otherwise , the user may inadvertantly believe that his/her engine will be filled with `` un-diluted '' antifreeze , and that their engine will be protected against freeze damage.Let me explain : With any Raw Water Cooled Marine I/B or I/O engine , only a portion of the supplied sea water is required for actual engine cooling demands , compared to that which a sea water pump is capable of supplying -LRB- for both engine and exhaust demands -RRB- . The `` porting '' within the T-stat housing allows for a proportunate division of sea water ... . The engine circulating pump charges the engine block with the amount of coolant -LRB- sea water -RRB- required via T-stat 's open position ... . The greater balance of coolant -LRB- sea water -RRB- is being sent to and out the exhaust system.In simple terms ; this means that more sea water -LRB- antifreeze when the kit is used -RRB- is being sent to and out the exhaust system , compared to what actually enters the engine block/heads -LRB- until we reach engine loads that require greater cooling demands -RRB- . This is pretty much the case with any Raw Water Cooled I/O or I/B marine engine.The warming up of the engine in order for the thermostat to open prior , is somewhat of a misnomer ... . and in particular when these kits are introducing the antifreeze during low RPM and no engine loads.Now we connect up the Camco Kit antifreeze container : Again ... . only a portion of the limited 4-5 gallons of Camco Kit antifreeze actually makes it 's way into the engine cooling system during this rather short duration.The greater portion of the Camco Kit antifreeze is going right on out the exhaust system -LRB- just as the sea water does -RRB- ! The user must understand that when he or she sees antifreeze exit the exhaust , this is NOT an indicator that un-diluted antifreeze made it 's way into and out of the engine block/heads . If not educated , the user is left with a `` False-Positive '' , so to speak!By the time he or she finishes up , any Camco Kit antifreeze that DID make it into the engine , may have now become diluted by the residual engine block sea water.If we begin with a completely drained engine block , the liklihood of antifreeze dilution is reduced.These kits are intrinsically an OK idea if in the hands of a professional Marine Mechanic . The Marine Mechanic will likely drain everything afterwards anyway.However , in the wrong hands , and when the user is lacking the understanding of the above info , it can leave them with freeze damage come spring time.For those who insist on using these kits , probe your drain ports and drain completely afterwards , and you should be OK.OEM service manuals will always suggest to completely drain engine components of all sea water during the winterizing procedure.The need for the rust inhibiting properties of antifreeze -LRB- during the lay up -RRB- are greatly exaggerated , IMO . The amount of rust/corrosion that could occur during the lay up are paled by comparison to that which occurs during the normal season 's usage.If you 're after that `` feel good '' feeling , then do it , but drain again afterwards.Otherwise , winterize according to your OEM manual.Remember ... . just plain air will not freeze , expand , and crack our expensive cast iron components .
 I bought one of these and then found out that there is a large risk of not getting all of the water out or not fully circulating the antifreeze . Marine mechanics and the dealers are not recomending this method they recomend to draing the block and fill it with anti freeze . There were cases of cracked engine blocks using this method . I had to return it . I cant take the risk .
 Recientemente compre estos deflectores para un Toyota Yaris/Echo del 2004 tipo sedan los cuales quedaron perfectamente.Sin embargo la calidad del producto es mala . Es muy parecida a otros deflectores que uno puede encontrar fuera de Amazon y por un valor mucho menor.Adicionalmente el acabado deberia ser mejor . La orilla de los deflectores trae filo con el cual se puede uno lastimar facilmente . Es en serio . ------ I recently bought these deflectors for Toyota Yaris / Echo sedan 2004 type which were perfectly.However the quality of the product is bad . It is very similar to other deflectors that one can find outside of Amazon and a much lower value.Additionally the finish should be better . The edge of the deflectors brings edge with which one can easily get hurt . I 'm serious .
 The product is of below average quality . The wiper is very flimsy . The wiper seems unstable when it wipes to the far left -LRB- open position -RRB- even when it is not raining hard or very windy . My 7 year old oem wipers worked even smoother than these . I would recommend buying another brand .
 I had a mechanic put the helper springs on my car before I left for Florida from Michigan loaded with luggage and a mobility scooter . The back of my car was still scraping on the ground when I went up a small grade . A few months later I had the car back in the shop and my mechanic discovered one of the helper springs was gone -LRB- it had fallen off at some point -RRB- and the other one was compressed so much it was n't &#34; helping &#34; at all . I upgraded to 2000 lb capacity springs .
 this item does nothing other than make the ride of my truck very rough and nothing else !! do n't waste your money on these !!
 I got this Anco version because it was the only decently-priced 26 '' blade I could find . When I put it on however , it was wobbly and loose on the mount -LRB- but the other adjustment clip did n't fit either -RRB- . Because of it 's looseness , it would skip a bit across the windshield and not clean everything in it 's path . I should have coughed up a few more bucks and gotten a nicer wiper .
 Purchased for 2009 Honda Fit.The wiper does not maintain good contact with the windshield , so the quality of cleaning declined rapidly.I went back to the original equipment blade and bought new rubber inserts when they were on sale at a local Honda dealer . Although they were a bit of a hassle to install , they continue to do a much better job than this product -LRB- and cost less , too . -RRB-
 When I received this rear wheel hugger it was broken . I also feel like it wouldnt do well for road use because it was made out of fiberglass ... . and the fact it couldnt survive shipping .
 Order was wrong and I was not fully refunded . Entered vehicle discription and received -LRB- 8 -RRB- 1 ft. spark plugs wires cords . Does not work for 1967 Pontiac Lemans . Very disappointed with refund
 I ordered this in June of 2010 , They arrived and I forgot all about them till a few days ago . I decide to install them , little do I know that these are wayyy to short and will NOT work for a 2005 Escalade.Of course my return window is expired so im stuff with useless plug wires .
 ordered these wires OVERNIGHT for a 2005 cadillac escalade 6.0 l v8 but they were for a different vehicle and did not fit . so they have something screwed up in there system .
 This fades in the sun or should I say darkens . It is now black flowers . Not very pretty anymore .
 This filter does not fit a 2006 Mini Cooper base model as suggested by the guide . Wrong one ! Annoying to have a car fit guide that is incorrect .
 For those of you who equate price with quality , based on my experience with this gauge , you 're going to be disappointed . Taking it out of the box , it looked intact . I immediately noticed the rigidity of the rubber tube , but I thought , with use , it would likely become more flexible . I promptly took it out to the car and proceeded to attach the clip to the tire valve . That 's as far as I got . The pin holding the spring in place on the clip fell out , and along with it came the spring . So much for my high-priced so-called `` racing tire gauge '' . It was a complete disappointment . I just sent it back yesrerday . It 's my guess , even if the pin and spring had n't popped out right away , that eventually -LRB- sooner rather than later -RRB- , this cheaply-made gauge would have malfunctioned or broken .
 The gauge works ok . It reads very accurately while you are holding it tight on the valve stem . It drops a tenth or two when you take it off.It is perfectly fine as a very accurate pressure gauge for normal or professional use . This is not what I would consider a high quality RACING gauge.Also the chuck would be easier to use if it where a 90 degree end . Guess you need to spend the money for a racing gauge .
 I returned mine to Amazon . Did n't like it for the price I paid for . It was not giving me accurate readings . The readings on the tire 32.5 psi first reading . 20 seconds later , the same tire gives me 31.6 psi .
 Edit
 This gauge has some nice features that caused me to buy it . But it has design and quality control issues that make it unacceptable.First , contrary to the user guide , it does NOT use a lithium battery . It uses 3 rather ordinary A76 -LRB- or equivalent -RRB- button cells . The cells last no more than three months and then need to be replaced at a $ 5 - $ 6 cost . I suspect the short life is due to failure of the automatic on-off feature ; I 've discovered the gauge turned `` on '' for no reason.Second , readings are not consistent . This may be due to improper fastening on the tire stem -LRB- which is a design flaw -RRB- or to electronic circuitry problems.Amazon replaced my first gauge . The replacement gauge is worse . I 'm discarding it.I recommend avoiding this product .
 It appears that the problem of slow readings described in the earlier reviews has been solved , as my gauge reads continuously . The reading drops several psi while bleeding just as with a mechanical dial gauge . The reading takes about two seconds to re-stabilize , so a mechanical gauge is actually faster to use.The quick-connector on the end of the hose is excellent , but be careful to not scratch the wheel with it . The hose is fairly stiff , but is n't a problem most of the time.I used this gauge at the track this past weekend , and was pleased with it until the second morning when it was cold -LRB- by cold I mean 45F , this is Houston ... -RRB- and the display read ` Lo ' , indicating a low battery . So essentially the gauge was useless . The hose also becomes annoyingly stiff when cold.Overall , a good mechanical gauge is easier to use and more reliable , as long as you do n't drop it .
 First , the positives .1 -RRB- Excellent visiblity from the display .2 -RRB- Seems ruggedly constructedNow the negatives1 -RRB- The air bleed button bleeds air way too slowly . If you 're actually using this gauge for racing and only have a couple minutes to bleed air from your tires , you will be hard pressed to do it with this gauge .2 -RRB- The unit powers off after about a minute . There is no way to disable it . That means if you 're in the process of bleeding air it may power off , requiring you to unclip the hose from the valve , bleed the unit , hit `` on '' and start over . Very frustrating.Overall , it works fine as an air gauge , but for competition ... no way .
 If this gauge cost $ 20 I would give it a high rating , but even at the discounted $ 35 price I see for these gauges I think it is bad value , let alone the nearly $ 50 it cost me!AS mentioned hose is VERY INFLEXIBLE at cool , not just cold temps , general quality of the fittings is very poor for something advertised like this , mine is now leaking badly and I am trying to repair with quality materials , as I still hope to use the gauge part anyway.I would NOT BUY AGAIN !
 Much has been written about this product , and I have nothing to add other than the reason for my one star review . The gauge would n't seal on any of the tires on either of my cars . Readings were erratic , inconsistent , in short , useless . Also beware if you have short valve stems , as the gauge seems to require longer ones . In my case that made little difference , so I 've returned it .
 Upon receipt of the Accutire MS-5510B Racing Tire Gauge , a quick trial run to the garage revealed that the unit was dead . This gauge was purchased to replace a similar Accutire gauge that I had been using for a year and a half , so I had some of the lithium LR44 batteries in stock . With the replacement batteries , the gauge would turn on and off with the on/off switch , but the clip would not hold the pipe nozzle to the Tire Pressure Monitoring System metal valve stems . I tried both of my cars , same problem . Examined both the new and old pipe nozzles ; they appeared to operate identically . One more test try on both cars , and the gauge completely died . Would not even turn on with the manual switch . Enough !! Both Accutire units joined my pile of electronic and automotive junk awaiting recycling.I immediately ordered a # 655035 Jegs Digital Pressure Gauge for $ 89.99 . Far better workmanship and ease of use . Considering the price of the tires on my autos -- $ 230 ea for one vehicle ; $ 335 front ea / $ 368 rear ea for the other car -- an accurate and precise tire gauge is a mandatory requirement .
 Unfortunately the unit received was defective . It leaked from inside the dial to the point I could not get a pressure reading . It was returned for a credit .
 Problems that I have encountered with this gauge :1 - Hose is too stiff . Storing it in its case does n't help straightening it out either .2 - The Gauge does n't work in cold weather when taking readings during the winter months .3 - The lever on the chuck that locks the hose to the valve stem literally fell apart .3 - Good luck finding the recommended replacement batteries.The only positive thing I have to say about this product is that the chuck is deeper than on most othe tire gauges which is a plus . But the extremely stiff hose negates this advantage.Don ' t waste your money on this product . I replaced it with a similar gauge made by Slime and that gauge has more functions built into it than this one and it has a much more flexible hose and replacement batteries are readily available for it . And its less than half the cost of this one . BTW this is another `` Made in China '' piece of junk .
 This gauge does not remain accurate for very long , if it ever was . I finally switched to Longacre Racing 's digital tire pressure gauge and could n't be happier ! Look to Longacre Racing for accuaracy down .3 % , better than anything else I could find .
 I just received the gauge and I 'm returning it after trying it for 2 minutes : - The hose did n't seal well on the tire valve - WHen bleeding air , the display did n't update . You have to remove the hose , wait 10 seconds for the display to turn off , then plug it back to the valve stem and get a reading . This is ridiculous . - The display is on for 10 seconds and then it turns off itself
 This review is for all the enthusiasts out there - autocrossers , track-day addicts , or anybody who has to know RIGHT NOW what their tire pressures are.I purchased one of these in the spring of ' 09 . It worked fine for 3 months or so . No problems . Then , I show up an an autocross event , two weeks after the most recent usage , and I get an error message on the LCD . It wo n't work . Batteries too low . No low warning message , telling me I need to replace the batteries soon - just an error message with no pressure reading . So , I 'm out of luck for that weekend , and I borrow a gauge.No problem I think , I 'll just go to Home Depot and get some batteries . Problem is , they do n't sell the LR44 . So , I have to order them over the internet . But I have another event this weekend , so I 'm out of luck . Again.In summary , this gauge is fine for someone who wants something different , and who can live with the discovery that it does n't work today and can wait a week after ordering new batteries . Which is n't a big deal for a street driven car , at least for most people.If this unit could have given me some kind of warning that the batteries are low , but still allow another 50 readings or so , I could live with it . But , as it stands , it just fails with no warning . So , if you want a serious tool , do youself a favor and get a Longacre or something similar .
 As stated in previous reviews . This item would get 4-5 stars except thebattery life is unexceptably low . I only checked by tires a dozen timesbefore low battery signal comes on . And those watch batteries that ittakes are super expensive !!!!!!!!!!!
 It appears that the problem of slow readings described in the earlier reviews has been solved , as my gauge reads continuously . The reading drops several psi while bleeding just as with a mechanical dial gauge . The reading takes about two seconds to re-stabilize , so a mechanical gauge is actually faster to use.The quick-connector on the end of the hose is excellent , but be careful to not scratch the wheel with it . The hose is fairly stiff , but is n't a problem most of the time.I used this gauge at the track this past weekend , and was pleased with it until the second morning when it was cold -LRB- by cold I mean 45F , this is Houston ... -RRB- and the display read ` Lo ' , indicating a low battery . So essentially the gauge was useless . The hose also becomes annoyingly stiff when cold.Overall , a good mechanical gauge is easier to use and more reliable , as long as you do n't drop it .
 This is an excellent gauge . The valve stem connection is leaky and seems to damage the thread of the valve stem . It is accurate to + / - 0.5 psi with 0.1 psi readout resolution . Digital display is clear , also measures to Bar scale .
 The gauge looks good , but the o-ring on the sqivel leaks air and clamp on the end of the hose was hard to use without leaking air out . Others love it , I hate it . I went back to my old tire gauge , and will give this on to Goodwill !
 Upon receipt of the tire gauge I was pleased with the large display and size of the item . When I applied the gauge to a valve stem it would n't seal and air continued to leak out . I applied it to three of my other vehicle valve stems and the same leakage occurred . I returned the gauge for a refund . Note
 I just got it today . Opened the package and saw a small screw laying in the the plastic wrapper . Looked at gauge ... screw was missing from back of main body and appeared to be one of the 2 retainer screws that hold the bleeder tube -LRB- round tube with air bleed off button -RRB- to main body . I then used it one first tire and noticed it would loose air pressure quickly when when removed -LRB- not from using bleed off botton . I found that the rubber hose was loose where it screws into the bleeder tube . The guage works reasonally well , but not great . LOOK if the manufacturer is too lazy to put all the screws in and tighten everything ... then that makes me a bit nervous about the quality/accuracy of the guage -LRB- I will check it against a mechanical guage later -RRB- . Look its $ 35 and MADE IN CHINA ... do n't expect the world -LRB- `` worlds most accurate guage '' is B.S. -RRB- . I won a $ 25 gift card so it only cost me $ 10 . Satisfied , but would shop around more before buying another !
 Although this air gauge provides very precise measurements to 0.1 psi , it is not accurate . It reads 12 percent high when compared to the tire pressure monitors on my three cars -LRB- two GM vehicles and one Honda -RRB- . Since a total of twelve tire pressure monitors read exactly the same and agree within one psi of three other air pressure gauges , I can only assume that the Accutire gauge is wrong . I returned it to Amazon .
 This never sealed on any valve stem I tried it on . I contacted the company off the website and no response . I waited too long to return it so I am out the money ...
 I read that many people have had problems with this gauge but I took a chance and ordered it . `` Mistake '' , Gauge leaked . Would n't hold or take a reading . Returned it for refund . Look else where !!
 Ordered this on sale from Amazon . When I opened the blister package , the air release button and spring fell out . Gauge was defective before I could even try it out . Sent it back for a replacement . We 'll see how that goes.Postscript : I got the replace and the gauge works fine , but for some odd reason they put the stiffest hose I have ever seen on this gauge . I give it two starts as the cheap , stiff hose makes it quite awkward to use . If it had a higher quality hose on it , I would give it four stars .
 It is not accurate enough for my needs and not equil to the other gauges that I already have and use
 Accutire infers this is a professional grade product and asks a premium price . In reality this thing is cheap and junk for the price . I have had a lot of good experiences with the digital pressure gauges from accutire . I would not recommend this product .
 I could not get the chuck to seat on 2 different cars , one italian and one Japanese , so the gauge was not able to get any reading . I have to assume that maybe just my unit was faulty , but the washer design seemed bad . I did n't test it on any more cars because I was n't interested and I 've not had any problems with any other gauge on those 2 cars .
 Gauge should up today and does n't work . Removing the battery panel the battery 's had corrosion on them . Vendor must have had this product for a long time . NOT HAPPY ! If replacement ones are more than returning will send it back .
 The gage was fine for a few days , I did n't use it too much and then it went dead . I replaced the batteries thinking they were dead and the gage still did n't work . I live in South America and shipping it back would be too expensive so I just gave up on it . It is not a reliable gage , at least mine was not .
 well built , easy to read display . bleeder feature is handy.the bad . . leaks easily if not `` centered '' re
 After returning 2 of these Accurtire gauges I give up . The first came apart at the gauge end and the second blew off the nozzle end . Both times parts were lost so I could n't fix them . With the third gauge after tightning the ends . the analog reads right but the digital reads about 1/10 of the correct reading . So the choice is risk losing parts by not tightening or having inaccurate readings . Best choice is not buying .
 I am not all that happy with this guage . when it gets cold it does not work . at 1st I thought it had some how got stuck in on position or just a lousy battery life . after it had warmed up again , I pressed the on button and what do you know it was working again . I will not recommend guage .
 This gauge is absolutely useless in cold weather . Even at 20 F it wo n't turn on . I need to check pressure all year round , not only in summer .
 VERY , VERY disappointed with this gauge . When I first received it , the gauge would n't turn on . I took out the batteries and reinstalled , then the unit came on . I then checked my tire pressure and the gauge read over 70 pounds all around . The tires felt very hard , so I trusted the gauge . After I did this , my pressure monitor warning light came on . I went to the dealership who checked the pressures only to find that I had between 15 and 17 pounds all of the way around . Thankfully , I only drove less than one day like this . Could have very easily destroyed $ 1300 worth -LRB- wholesale -RRB- of tires.Absolutely will not recommend to anyone . Sorry guys . Your gauges , or at least your quality assurance blows wind .
 I 'm on my second one in less than 8 months , and it just went . First one was replaced under warranty , but I think I 'll just give up at this point . Both have had the same failure mode - air leak in the body of the guage .
 I ordered an Accutire MS-5510B gauge Friday and received it this Monday -- unfortunately , it did not work.No light , no nothing . I removed and tested the batteries . They were 100 % discharged -- completely dead . I went out and spent $ 9 for three new batteries and the gauge now works perfect . But Amazon and Accutire do n't have customer service phone numbers so it appears I am out the $ 9 . Yes , I could have gone through the trouble of returning the gauge for another -- but what assurance is there that the next gauge wo n't also have dead batteries . A last note
 This gauge makes one -LRB- probably very precise -RRB- measuring . The problem is that the display does not follow the current pressure after the initial reading.When bleeding excess air from the tires to reach a certain pressure you make a reading , let some air out , remove the gauge , empty the trapped air from the gauge , attach the gauge again , make a new reading , let some more air out , remove the gauge again , release the trapped air , attach it again , make another reading ... . the device looks cool , but has no real value.I 'd recommend getting a good quality mechanical gauge instead .
 As other reviewers mentioned , the display does not update when using the bleed valve and you have to wait at least 10 seconds between readings . It may be accurate , but dropping overpressure tires to a desired level ends up being a several-minute guessing and waiting game . Calling it a `` racing '' gauge is ridiculous .
 I plugged the inverter in to my cigaretter lighter and it did not provide any power to my laptop . I definitely do n't recommend this product .
 What can I say ? Bought it , plugged it into the car outlet ... no juice . The sucker was DOA . I am not going to buy another from this Canadian designed China assembled company because they make garbage .
 I bought this helmet but the one i received is different that the one in the picture ... the one in the picture is matt black with red lines in the center but the one i received is gloss black . am really disappointed by this purchase .
 I purchased a full set of Rancho RS5000 's to install on my Xterra . These shocks get 1 star because they are shocks . Beyond they they do not deserve any further recognition as a device you should put on your truck or SUV . To ensure I am giving these shocks a proper review , I visited the goranch.com web site and this is what Rancho states about the RS5000 . . `` The shock that started it all ! Rancho RS5000 -LRB- tm -RRB- series has been the shock of choice for light trucks and sport utility vehicles since 1985 . Available for stock and lifted applications , RS5000 -LRB- tm -RRB- is ideal for on and off-road use `` The RS5000 's are soft , very soft . If you are expecting or want a stiff ride , do not purchase these shocks . My Xterra bounces 4 or 5 times after rolling over a speed bump . I ca n't imaging the havoc of driving the Xterra off-road now . After sinking $ 200 , I can only hope they fail soon so I can replace them with a real shock . I really hate these shocks , and they are only a week old.If you are looking for a very soft ride that never stops bouncing , these might be the shocks for you , anything else stay away.I found this thread afterwards to back up what I 'm saying -LSB- ... -RSB- I do n't understand why people are rating these 5-star .
 I used them on my Toyota all around and they lasted all of 4 years.One of the front shocks , the cross pin on it sheared . That should never of happened . The cross-pin corroded through and sheared off . Instead of one solid machined piece of steel , it was folded sheet metal which corroded through and rusted out . Not even the tough Rancho white paint could stop that I guess . The other front shock was blown/jammed . You could n't compress it at all ! Talk about a stiff ride ... One of the rear ones leaked a bit but I could have lived with that . The other rear was fine.All of that in only 4 years of wear and tear - on road only . I 'm trying other brands because Rancho is not as good as I thought .
 These shocks compressed without almost any pressure , I could pull them all the way out then push them down with my pinky finger . My old OEM shocks with 60K on the were way more stiff a million times over it actually took force to compress them . Not sure how these would hold up but I would assume they would be very soft . I have a 06 Dodge Ram and gon na keep the old ones on for a while till I find something better , maybe some Bilstein .
 I honestly ca n't rate the product . I can only rate the service . I questioned if what I was ordering would fit my Ext. cab Silverado and was all but guarenteed they would . When I received them they were for a crew cab . So I had to return them . I was n't offered the product I needed !!!! Needless to say I was n't happy !!!!
 The lid is so hard to open that when it 's pried open , it 'll splash the stuff over the places . I listened to some &#803; people who recommended the &#34; pumice &#34; and bought this and feel sorry because it absolutely does n't bring any more cleaning values . Plus , it 's hard to clean off your hands and the hands still feel dirty even after washing them with water . Not sure if the brand is bad but if with pumice it did n't do much of a good job cleaning then I ca n't imagine what the other stuff without it will be like .
 Bought this product to remove tannin stains from my hands after turning wood on my lathe . This product , although it says will remove stains , paint and dyes etc did n't even put a dent in it . After some research I found a magical method of removing these stains . This is simply using natural Lemon juice which removes the tannin stains instantly . If you are a wood turner then try lemon juice from your local supermarket before buying this product.It may work for the rest of the items stated on the tub so this review is solely for those of us that end up with tannin stains on our hands on a daily basis .
 like another reviewer , my valved failed in almost exactly two years . time to make another purchase I guess . Not sure how long these things should last , will have to do more research . Might have to just keep replacing every two years . definitely need it working in the winter !
 Mine failed in two years . I expected it to last at least 5 years . I would not recommend others to consider this product .
 The plastic the casing is made of does n't stand up well to the heat from the engine . The tab on the side that holds the distributor cap in place broke off on mine . It did spark well , though . I ended up having to replace it because I need to have a good seal on the distributor so that water does n't get inside .
 I bought this product for my nephew in the car . The item brok within twenty minutes of use . Nothing I did can fix it . Very flimsy and not worth the money paid for it .
 I purschaed this item once and it did n't work but I gave it another chance . I ordered it again and the product would not charge my DVD player !! Please do not waste your time and money !!
 We went through 2 DVD players and 2 charger units and these are the worst products we have ever purchased through this site . Avoid this company . Purchase a portable DVD from an established electronics company .
 I bought two of these and wish I had read the reviews first -LRB- I normally do -RRB- Both blew the fuse within 1 minute of being plugged in to my portable dvd player -LRB- needing 9 volts -RRB- it was set at 9 volts ... one of them made the dvd player smoke within 30 seconds before blowing the fuse ... dont waste your money .
 I used it for a couple months for my daughters dvd player in the car . from day one it got really hot , and i replaced the fuse several times , now the plastic broke so you cant even plug it in . The heat really made me nervous , i will not ever buy or use this charger again .
 the bad thing is that this item shuts off unexpectedly after 30-40 minutes , and you have to wait for several minutes until plugging it in again . the good thing is that it naturally restricts kids from watching the DVD for too long .
 Actually zero stars . It Would n't work so I went out and bought one that did for more money . Did n't want to spend $ 18 but I needed it to work .
 THIS IS A PIECE OF JUNK , GARBAGE , A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY , THIS ITEM REALLY HEATS UP WHEN PLUGGED IN , IT GETS VERY HOT TO TOUCH , AND ITEM STOPPED WORKING AFTER SECOND USE . PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 I bought this as a replacement for my COBY DVD player as i lost the original car adaptor . And this is listed specifically as supporting my model . But within 5 mins of me putting this in for charging the fuse on it went out . This product doesnt work with COBY 's own portable DVD player . i am seriously disappointed .
 Blew the fuse after less than a minute . Would not recommend this to anyone . I will not buy from Amazon anymore since they carry this junk .
 the device did not charge my Coby Tablet.please verify with the company on how tomake sure the item works with the coby tablet .
 I do n't know how the 800ma is calculated , but I attached a 0.5 A -LRB- 500ma -RRB- rated mp3 player to the converter and the light on the unit went dead immediately.Nice set of connectors though , covers pretty much all socket types I have .
 I bought this specifically for my Coby portable DVD player . The battery is shot and I only use it in the car , the thing does n't work at all . Does n't charge , does n't power . WTF ?!
 Had to return the 1st one which did not work . Good thing it was easy to return at no cost to me . Amazon quickly replaced it . Just tried to see if it 's working . It is , but have n't really used it yet .
 the first day I used it , it was attached to a basic tape player and it blew up , therefore it is worthless
 I purchased this charger for Coby V-zon portable DVD player . We were not able to use it even once , the charging light comes on but the unit never charges .
 This product performs exactly as expected . If the expectation that within 10 seconds of plugging it in to your car or boat 's 12v outlet it is to melt and burst into flames forcing you to put said fire out with the nearest cup of coffee.The good news is that the plastic is so cheap you can scrape it off of your dashboard with your thumbnail.If you need an insurance claim I heartly recommend this item.If you need something to power one of your devices without spontaneously com0busting then I hardly recommend this item .
 Unfortunately , this converter burns rather than charges the dvd . the coby dvd that links you to this product does n't charge from this converter at all . after a while , the converter heats up and releases burning plastic odors . although it did charge a different device -LRB- electric razor -RRB- , it is unusable for the specific DVD .
 This item worked perfectly the first time plugged in but within one day would no longer fundtion at all - junk
 After running a 6 volt 420 ma load for 15 minutes , voltage dropped to under 4.4 volts . I wish I had not got this item its just a piece of junk .
 We bought this to use with the Coby portable DVD player for a long car trip - Did not work at all . The first time we plugged it in the DVD player would not turn on . We tested the DVD player by plugging it into the wall and it worked fine.We tried the car adapter again and it worked , but for 10 minutes before the DVD player shut off itself . The car adapter also got really hot really quick.We let the car adapter cool off and then tried the DVD player again ; it worked for about 5 minutes . I would NOT recommend this product - We bought it because there were so many other positive reviews .
 I bought this for a new Coby DVD player that did n't come with a car adapter . It does n't charge the DVD battery at all , even though I set it to the same voltage as the DVD battery . Also tried other voltages just to check , nothing happens on any of them , even though the red light comes on . The same DVD battery charges fine with the home adapter , and other electronic devices with their own chargers work fine in my car lighter . So , this thing is a complete bust , but not worth the money to return it .
 I had to buy a car adapter because the dvd player did n't come with one . It does not stay in the player so the player turns off as soon as you get it started.I DO NOT recommend this product .
 Stopped working after one day . I think the fuse went bad . I will replace and see if it starts working again .
 This heats up super quick in the car . The most we were able to use was 15 minutes of the portable DVD . And after a few months , it just died . Waste of money ...
 I bought 3 DVD players , 3 of these in December . Looks great but does n't work blown fuses , shoddy construction , voltage can be easily changed by accident .
 we just opened the package today and it DID NOT work with our coby dvd player when we tried it ... we know our car adapter is working because we tried another one -LRB- gps -RRB- and it worked ... the dvd is also working because we tried it in the house ... so do i get a refund or a replacement ?
 I purchase it on Feb 16 , 2011 from J&R Electronics Inc. -LRB- no problem with the seller -RRB- . This Coby IC Regulated 800mA Universal DC Car Converter CA709 is just piece of junk and I can not believe it is still being sold . As soon as one pulls it to unplugs it , the threads are so bad that the whole thing dismantles and the spring , fuse , etc. parts just fall all around in the car . This dismantling was happening EVERY time of unplugging it . Do not buy it and waste money .
 I do not recommend . Used about 1x per month for portable DVD player in car . Stopped working after about 12-15 uses .
 This Coby CA709 is overrated advertising . I used it for a wireless camera -LRB- rated 0.6 A -RRB- , and the power LED of this camera is flickering and the camera not working at all . Until , I went to a local electronic store , and purchased another DC Car converter rated 1800 mA , and my wireless camera works fine with its power LED stays ON constantly . 30 days return policy passed , and I will throw it away .
 i have a coby v.zon and i purchased the coby universal car converter i plugged it in to my car it worked one time and hasnt worked since onow i cant send it back i dont recommend buying this product at least the ca709 ic reulated 800ma .
 Total waste of money . I bought it to use with a Coby portable DVD player . A Coby car adaptor for a Coby player should work , should n't it . I discovered that the spacing of the pins on the little plugs that are provided in the package did match the hole spacing on the car charger side . In other words , you ca n't plug them in . Unfortunately I did not try to use it until after the Amazon return grace period . After reading some of the reviews , I have concluded that they do this as a safety measure . I mean if you ca n't use it , it ca n't overheat . What a piece of cr * p.
 This item was advertised to charge my Coby e-tablet , It would not charge my tablet then the aparently a wire in the cord broke for I had to wiggle the wire to even get power to the charger . In other words it was junk .
 I bought this as a replacement for a powercord for portable DVD player . With all the options and selections , it sounded like the perfect solution . Only one problem
 I bought this to substitute for batteries -LRB- 2AA -RRB- for a small low current device in my car . I read the various negative reviews and they sounded as if people were using it for devices that exceeded its abilities . Turns out there are other issues besides limited current capacity . When I started using it there would be random losses of power . I found that the center contact is not designed correctly . It bottoms out in the plastic housing , so when pushed in it can easily lose contact intermittently , then get it back . Not good for use in a car . I modified the contact so it behaved more like better CLAs and things improved considerably but there were still random losses of power.I continued to play around with it using a 12V DC brick that had has a CLA socket as it 's output . I could not reproduce the problem when everything is sitting still . The connections I made to connect the coby to the camera seem solid and work just fine in the car using a remote battery pack instead of the coby . I am still unsure what is wrong with it , perhaps I was unable to improve the center contact enough or there is something inside that does n't like the vibrations of driving . It works nice sitting still at home plugged into the brick , just wo n't work that well in a moving car.If I decide to go further I 'll probably modify it by wiring it to one of my better CLAs . This will eliminate the CLA part of it from use and I 'll find out if it 's just a mechanical contact issue or something in the underlying electronics .
 We noticed right away that the switch got very hot when we used it for the first time a few weeks ago . My husband just took it out and noticed that the switch part actually melted . To those commenting that it drains the battery , when you connect it to the adapter , there is a positive and negative , like a battery , so if you attach it wrong , it will drain instead of charge the battery .
 The unit works , but does n't have enough mA to power my DroidX phone . With today 's bigger batteries a small charger such as this one is n't very useful .
 I needed this product to replace the car charger for our travel DVD Player . I purchased it just in time to have it shipped prior to a long road trip with my kids . When it came , it was very flimsy and cheap . I tried it out and it did n't work . I was a little disappointed but I read what a piece of crap it was on other reviews so I really was n't all that surprised . I had to purchase one from a local store which cost me a lot more.Amazon was great about the return though , I ca n't say enough good things about working with amazon . As for this product , you get what you pay for . If you get it and it works , cool , but I would keep looking .
 I may have had a defective product , however the fuse in it burned up with the first use . Luckily I found one to replace , but the whole point of ordering it was to replace a non working one so the kids could watch movies on a long road trip ... did n't work !
 I purchased this product because it came with extra adapters to charge different items . The day that I got it I plugged up my kids DVD plyer and the light came on and went off and never worked again . Called the company they apologized and sent another one . The second charger worked for a day and has n't worked since . So called the company back to let them know and they told me to mail them back and they would reimburse my money but it would cost me more than what I paid for to send it back .
 The charger lasted only 10 min . It got hot and went dead after that.DO NOT buy this product . Its a wasted time and money for shipping and handling .
 Got this for my 7 '' Coby DVD player . First time trying to use it no lights came on ar anything . Took apart and it had a blown fuse !!
 I bought this to use with my son 's portable dvd player for a family trip we were taking . When the batteries died on the dvd player I went to go plug it in and it did n't work .
 Very thin plastic not like those thick clear lucite keychains it seems to resemble in the picture . I 'm always worried it will break in two in my pocket .
 Tried 6 times and each time the compressor blew the fuse out , so it was sent back to Amazon the next day .
 I bought this one a couple years ago , but not really use it until recently . I connected it to the 12v power outlet of my car , and it quickly blew the fuse of both of my cars . I now use a separate 12v battery to power it . It also misses a quick connect air hose , a lot of air just leak out when I unscrew it from the valve . I am looking for another air inflator .
 The pump works well . The parts that come with it are junk . The air hose has a threaded fitting on the end , which is OK for cars , but miserable for bikes , which is why I bought it . The fitting is hard to attach and remove , and most of the air you 've just put in bleeds back out . It 's a frustrating , repetitive process . If you want it for bikes with higher pressure tires , just accept that you 'll be off to the local NAPA store for a hose and fitting that work , which will cost about the price of the compressor . Also , the bag is complete trash . Figure on tossing it , too , and getting something durable to carry the items .
 This thing blew the fuses on my two cars ... . sure it looks good , it 's cheap and comes with carrying case and all.-Just plug it in and all the happiness will go away.I 'm returning mine today .
 I bought it on February 27 , 2008 . The air compressor was in use every 2 weeks to pump my car tires . I maintained it according to Owner 's Manual . Yesterday , December 14 , 2010 , the compressor stopped to work properly . The motor works but air does n't come out . This thing has US patent and it made in China . So , parts quality is weak . I 'll never buy it again .
 The compressor sometimes stalls if you try and start it after connecting the airline to the tire first . Oh , and when it stalls it will also blow the fuse to the accessory outlet in your car . I also find that now after a couple months the quick connect on the air line to the compressor leaks a large amount of air unless I hold it and keep pressure on it - the included air line is a piece of junk.On the plus side the compressor is solidly built , runs very well off my battery charger , and is faster than the combo emergency light/compressor I intended to replace . But I can not count on it to run off the car due to the stalls and blown fuses , so it remains n the garage , where I would have been better of with a 120V unit .
 This compressor blew the fuses out in two cars . This is a seriously defective item.Kudos to Amazon for their easy return process .
 Sorry , but the one sent me was defective . It registered pressure , but did not do the job of filling air in a tire .
 As reported in other reviews , it blew the cigarette lighter fuse on day 1 . I was disappointed that this known problem had not been fixed by the manufacturer . Even though I was able to return it easily enough to Amazon , I think it should not be purchased or sold unless the manufacurer specifically guarantees that the problem noted above by many users has been fixed .
 This is a real disappointment . I used it one time to fill up 1 tire on my car and it would not work again after that .
 The 12V plug fall apart when I open it . I think they use cheap plastic the think just fall apart to pieces . I mean pieces . I did n't bother to return end up buy new parts for $ 5.00 replace it myself .
 This radiator was not a direct fit for my 1995 Chevy Silverado . Did all the steps to make sure it was a direct repacement before purchase , but when I got it , it was too small . Amazon customer service made it right though -LRB- they get five stars -RRB- .
 I regret purchasing this product . If it were not such a hassle to get to the Post Office , I 'd return it . The piece that connects to the nipple is so tight it takes a small hammer to seat it ; the other end is so loose , it falls off the grease gun supply line . Definitely N O T recommended .
 No good ... Returning it . . It says `` Works with all grease guns '' but it did not work at all with mine . And my grease gun is a standard auto parts store grease gun .
 I received this item with 2 driver 's side front pieces but no passenger 's side front piece . I contacted Putco for assistance in re remedying this issue but received no response . I sent these back and ordered some AVS -LRB- AutoVentShade -RRB- visors . At least those arrived with all the right pieces . Not to mention the `` chiseled '' look of the Putco model does not go well with the curved body lines on the 02-05 Rams . Definitely happier with the AVS visors .
 This item simply did not fit within the filter housing on a 2000 Sebring JXi . It is a good half inch too long.Looking at the filter , it looks like it would work well if it fit . But , can not test it as it does not .
 I ordered a set of lifters from Amazon . What I received was a single push rod . No big deal i order a lot off of Amazon and this was the first mistake . I sent it back for a replacement filled out all the paperwork and wrote a description of what was wrong . I waited another week and same problem wrong part sent . The frustrating part of this you cant talk to anybody to try and get this resolved.SO BE ADVISED IF YOU ORDER THIS PART YOU WILL GET A SINGLE PUSH ROD !!!
 I cleaned the top as directed . Let it dry . Used this product as directed placing a few light coatings on . Then , it repelled water until the car was washed . This product seemed to be washed away with regular car wash soap purchased from the local auto parts store . I did not go through a car wash . I will be trying another product now for our Mini 's convertible top .
 Cleaner works very well . Top treatment ... not as well as I hoped . Water beads off only with light rain , if it rains all day , or HARD - it really does n't seem to be any better than when it was untreated . I will try a different brand next time .
 Bought this because I wanted to get my car `` winter '' ready meaning the rag top has to be water repellent.I applied this as a last step in the car washing process . After rinsing and deep cleaning the top with the rag top cleaner , I waited until the top got a little dry per the instructions . I then liberally applied the sealer product to the top and waited for the product to get soaked in and set . I then applied another layer of sealer to add further protection and added double the needed amount along the seams.Once it was done , the top glistened with the product and I was sure it would repel 100 % of water . Not so much when it rained . The water would bead in some areas and not in others , and even the water beading in some areas would then soak in over time . It was not 100 % repellent as I had hoped and came no where close to how water beads when you first buy the car .
 I bought this to replace the K&N ; filter that was installed when I bought my Jeep after I read about how much particulate they allow through.I was excited to find this item on Amazon at a good price . These filters are not available at my local parts stores and their reputation is highly regarded in the Jeep community for their outstanding filtering capabilities when compared to anything else on the market.The filter I received was your basic cheapo paper filter , not the item pictured with the top and bottom seals.Amazon should update their product pics . The whole point of them is to help the customer offset some of the disadvantage of not being able to handle the product . If the item pictured is completely different , there is no value in having one at all . I 'd say I understand keeping up with such a large inventory is a huge task , but that 's the business they are in.That being said , the box arrived mostly crushed , the paper part of the filter was also semi crushed and deformed . It was a pretty underwhelming unboxing . I ca n't speak to the performance yet as I have to straighten it out before I install it . I 'm not going to get more upset by inconveniencing myself with an RMA process on a $ 13 filter . Amazon 's concern for customer satisfaction seems to have taken a backseat in recent years anyway , so I know ordering items here that I ca n't find elsewhere is a calculated risk.Hopefully this battle worn , not-sold-as-pictured filter still lives up to the hype ...
 The design of the Yamaha air box makes this filter fit loose . They give you grease to fill the gaps at the fitting . So K & N knows its a weird fitment . I would not buy again
 I thought this would be better than the ` accordion/fold up ' type of sun shield I already had . Nope , it 's a pain in my opinion . It DOES ` seal ' better but is more difficult to put up and take down and ROLL up . I have two of these , one for a Honda Accord , the other for my new 2012 Tacoma truck . I find that the rear view mirrors get knocked out of alignment each time the shields are put up or taken down.I think I would have been happier with the type I had even though they ` wore out ' after about 5 years . They were cheaper , too!Sorry but if you have ANYTHING on the inside of your windshield I think you will find these sun shields will interfere or be just to clumsy to use . I like the ` fold up ' accordion type better.And what really counts
 For what ever reason this one ripped while putting it on the steering wheel . I did as it said leave it in the sun to make it easier . Kept it because it would have cost me more to send it back than what I paid for it .
 This is normally a top notch product , but the kit I received was missing some very critical pieces . Since the directions in the box told me to contact to manufacturer directly if this happens , well when I did it was like pulling teeth to get the parts I needed sent out . Very disappointed with the whole process ... especially for the premium price I paid .
 To save yourself some money on this stuff , just use STP cut with a little 30 wt motor oil in your oil squirt can . Works better.Use the same mixture for your chain saw bar oil , too
 Lots of people purchase this product as a ratchet lubricant . My review pertains ONLY to that use . While it smooths out the ratchet considerably , it does ooze quite a bit , leaving red gooey stuff all over the box or drawer -- thus the lowered rating for a ratchet lube . I no longer use this product for ratchets ; I use a competing product based on lithium grease .
 PROS
 I 'm not clear where the ball was dropped here , but the shade neither fits my 2010 Jetta -LRB- as indicated in the description , -RRB- and it is also quite difficult to roll back up.The size is too large for the dash/windshield area.I really ca n't say much else other than look for alternatives if you have a need for this specific product type and specific model car .
 This is an outstanding repair kit and Felpro is a leader in replacement kits especially this one . Seller here does not do their part to inspect this kit before it leaves their facility . Two of the most crucial gaskets were damaged in this kit . We were right in the middle of the repair with half of the engine tore down when we noticed the damaged done . We had to stop and go to a walk in NAPA parts store and fortunately they had the 2 gaskets we needed to finish the repair . Another additional $ 7.50 + tax to buy the parts that were damaged . I feel it is the sellers responsibility to inspect this kit before it is shipped to the customer . Would I do repeat business with seller ? I would have to say NO . Buyer beware is all I can say here .
 From the color which was n't correct to the hold down grommets that were not there , they just did n't even fit . Save your money and do n't be disappointed like we were
 It took about two weeks to get the product . I tried to `` slip '' the cover onto the steering wheel of my Jeep Grand Cherokee . It did not fit , at all ! My steering wheel match the dimensions as required . I attempted to stretch the material . But that did not work . Be careful . Do n't waste the money if you 're not sure .
 This cover has an orange tint wood grain that probably wont match anything . It was a bit stretched out and just strange .
 I must say poor quality . Very disappointed because it did not fit on my sterring wheel . I do not recommend .
 never recieved . was refunded . thanks but disapointed . this xmas gift never arrived . What is going on in Richmond Calif. . USPS ?
 Imagine wrapping your steering wheel in vinyl contact paper . Ya know that sticky feeling ? That 's how this feels . Yes , it 's smooth , but your fingers sort of stick to it because it 's such smooth vinyl . And when it 's hot , it 's even worse . I bought this yesterday , today it was returned , and I 'm now shopping for something with a bit of texture to eliminate the sticky feel . Good luck !
 First off , let me say that I do not usually critique my purchases so harshly , but it would be irresponsible to allow some else to fall into the trap that I did by purchasing this . These Superior Contour Sport Grip Slip-On Steering Wheel Covers are absolute garbage . I have bought 2 types -LRB- This supposedly woodgrain version and the Onyx -RRB- . The online picture does the product far too much justice and certainly fooled me . This one looks cheap , plastic-like and has a mustard-coloured burl-like finish . It is extremely cheap-looking -LRB- did I say that already ? -RRB- , and is certainly cheaply made . What poor quality ! I would -LRB- obviously -RRB- not recommend them to anyone who has taken the time to browse through reviews , which means they are serious about their purchase and their money . I personally would not pay $ 1 for something of this quality . As some say , one star is too much.Please heed this warning and stay clear of these steering wheel covers . Do not be tempted by the price , you will still be disappointed.And as a final note , Amazon packed three steering wheel covers in a huge box that measured approximately 2 feet by 3 feet . What a waste ! I am terribly disappointed in both Amazon -LRB- for even stocking an item of such poor quality as well as the huge , unwieldy box it came in -RRB- and the manufacturer for putting out a cheap , low-quality product .
 These wind guards do n't fit well and squeak when the window is up . And they do n't fit in the window tight so they move around alot .
 This is a telescoping mirror , but it DOES NOT MAGNIFY the image . Therefore , its utility is limited.It is not what it claims . Interestingly , the vacuum pack comes with the mirror surface facing in to the cardboard , doubtless to fool the consumer in a store.Perhaps the price is OK for what it is . It seemed too good to be true for what it claimed to be - and it was .
 This is a telescoping mirror , but it DOES NOT MAGNIFY the image . Therefore , its utility is limited.It is not what it claims . Interestingly , the vacuum pack comes with the mirror surface facing in to the cardboard , doubtless to fool the consumer in a store.Perhaps the price is OK for what it is . It seemed too good to be true for what it claimed to be - and it was .
 tried to attach to steering wheel and it was too small . put a larger screw in and stilldid not work . meantime I had thrown out the packaging so I am stuck with the item .
 THis thing looks pretty cool but I have tried it on several makes and models without it fitting . The clamp is way too small in diameter to fit steering wheels of todays cars . Chrysler sebring , mustang , evan a minivan ... ????? ... !!!!!!
 I bought this tester , having never heard of this brand before , but trusting that it would be okay . I only bought it because the comparable OTC unit was on factory backorder . This Argus unit looked like good quality when I pulled it out of the box , but that is where it ended . When it is connected to a battery , only part of the LCD display works . Only parts of the numbers show up . If I press my finger on the LCD display to make the display work . I have used lots of battery testers before . Stick with Midtronics or OTC . I am going to spend a little more and get one that actually works .
 Notice - Warning!Argus just lost lawsuit for patent infringement . If you buy this unit it might not be able to be repaired or supported . They have been told to stop all sales , marketing , and promotion immediately.Google '' Midtronics wins lawsuit against ARGUS `` Argus AA500P Professional Digital Battery Tester and System Analyzer
 I 'd love to give this a glowing review , but I 'll never know it 's performance since it does n't fit !! It 's not even close in my 2004 Ford Taurus , despite what Amazon 's part-finder program says . Bummer .
 Nothing wrong with the filter it just does n't fit my 2002 Mazda MPV and I mean it 's not even close . I looked on air hog website and they do n't even have it listed as an option , the only air filter they list is a FRAM CA8922 which is a paper filter ... I 'm not sure why Amazon still has this listed as a filter for this vehicle!Regards , Darin
 I received mine , but it does not fit my 03 Explorer EB version at all . I do n't know why amazon still says it fits . Very miss-leading .
 Customer Service is well trained in the art of it 's not a problem with the product but with the vehicle . I 've tried to fix the problem but all I ever get is the run around . Why not just send a new -LRB- passenger side window deflector -RRB- so I can finish this project . Every time I open the window and then close it the glass hit the rear corner of the deflector . All other windows work fine -LRB- passenger side and both rear doors -RRB- . First lets try double sided tape , that did n't work . Next take off and re-install , that did n't work . Maybe the weather stripping is to thick . Come on do they really think that they use two differnt size weather stripping when the build a vehicle . I guess mu only option is to return the hold thing when I only wanted one new deflector . Beware .
 This part is under $ 12 everywhere else . And the most expensive place I found it other than here was from advance for $ 12.19 . I cant believe 2 tiny bolts cost $ 29
 The title for this item states `` Custom Made Front/Rear Bucket Seat Covers '' which would lead you to believe it is a set of covers . However , this is not the case . This is a single seat cover for $ 120 . The material is very nice and does appear to be of sturdy construction , but I was barely willing to spend the money on a complete set so there is no way I will be paying this for a single cover . Sending it back to Amazon . I can get my current seats completely re-upholstered for less than $ 300 or hit a junk yard . I just wanted good covers because I abuse my seats with oil , soda , etc. .
 nice feel , but ripped because it is too small for a dodge caravan steering wheel .
 This wing flew off the car when it was being towed backwards at 70 MPH . You would think the glue should have held . Ha Ha
 Ok so I got the struts about a week and a half ago , got them installed a couple days ago . My first impression from the packaging was pretty bad , first of all , they were suppose to be `` monroe '' struts and on the the box it self it had no sign of them being Monroe besides this little sticker that had the Monroe logo on it , then once opened up the box , the struts had no monroe stickers like the picture shows and they did n't have that gold part on the upper part of the strut . I am very disssapoitned with the purchase , my car does n't ride as good as I expected since in my opinion they dont seem to be the original Monroe part that I attempted to order , I would return them if I could but they are already installed in my car .
 This item is not what i orderd but a knock off of the GTS solar wing 5 1111 rear shadenot even close in fit also ... SENT BACK ... : - -LRB-
 This has a great look and the reverse and forward switch is a great touch . But the back is too long to get into tight places when you want to get out maybe a starter or headlights or any other nut or bolt under the hood . I used on two Honda Accords with not much luck . These are great for bolts like lug nuts or axel nut or oil pan nut for oil change . Basically any big nut you can all ready reach and view with no problem . I had better luck with a cheaper model impact wrench you can get for like 99.99 . You will also need lots of extentions and adapter if you plan to use this impact wrench . YOU NEED 1/2 adapter will not just fit on your regular sockets . Worked amazing for axel nut felt powerful strong motor but again you can get same results with cheaper model and its too big and bulky for anything else . This is great if you want to spend 200 bucks for something you will only be able to use one or two times .
 This stuff is a waste of money it leaves a silicone residue on your car i had to take it right off if your thinking of buying it just send me 15 $ and ill send u some silicone ! LOL
 I installed this light on my boat trailer in August 2010 . It stopped working after launching my boat 5 times . When I removed it from my trailer and inspected it , I saw that the inside compartment holding the light bulbs was a corroded mess . This light -LRB- at least the one I received -RRB- is NOT waterproof .
 Light bulb holder rusted outand would not work after one submerion in salt water . Could not remove bulb for replacment . Curb side worked okay .
 This taillight is NOT `` waterproof '' . Not even close.As you go into the interior anatomy of this light , beneath the transparent reflective red outer plastic part is a white bubble-like housing for the lamps . The problem was -LRB- after less than a month of ownership -RRB- the lights were so rusted from water damage , that the bulb could not be exchanged . Had to throw the whole thing away . Sand , debris , and water were all found inside of the clear plastic housing.Both the left and the right tail lights were equally inoperable and equally damaged.I would spend the extra money to get the LED lights because they seem to be sealed better .
 This is a large waste of money . It does not fit and without major modifications there is no way to make it fit . It is incompatible with the built in racks . Waste of money
 After hearing such great things about Kats engine heaters , I thought this was a home run once I found it in the size to fit my application . I attempted to put this is the 2F engine found in many Toyota LandCruisers from the mid '70s through late 80 's . The heater that arived on my doorstep was not what is pictured in the product listing . The heating element is straight and NOT bent at the 90-degree angle that is pictured . As a result , the heating element would not clear the internal engine block inside the freeze plug.I ordered a different brand of plug from my local auto parts store that was bent at the 90-degree angle and it fit perfectly . Had this plug been what is pictured , it probably would have worked great .
 Do not purchase not the item you see came in wrong item with a broken O ring nothing but a problem
 Beware of what seems like a price that 's too good to be true . What they do n't tell you is the do not include acid with this battery , so what you receive for your $ 60 is just the battery case . You will need to go purchase your own acid , raising the cost higher than most other retailers on the web for this item .
 I attempted to install this block heater in my 2001 Nissan Xterra 3.3 L V6 , and carefully followed the instructions on the Kat 's website , but this block heater will NOT fit into the engine at the location they specify -LRB- left rear frost plug , according to their application guide -RRB- . The 30mm diameter was correct , but the heater was approximately 2mm too deep to fit into the block without interference with the cylinder wall . This caused a LOT of frustration due to the extremely difficult access to the frost plug of the installation , and then have to install a new frost plug back into place when it did n't fit . Do n't purchase this unless you know for a FACT that this will fit your engine , because the manufacturer 's application guide is NOT always correct .
 I had read the other comments but ordered them anyway . I got them for 2005 Mustang . They simply do not fit . You are warned when you get package that if you modify them you can not return them but they simply do not fit if you do not trim them . Even after trimming they did not work well . Obviously NOT a fit for the car even though it showed to be a fit on Amazon . I should have trusted the other feedback . Do NOT get these for a 2005 Mustang !
 I was n't impressed with these . They were left with rough edges on the lower side that can cut the crap out of you if you are n't careful when getting out of the car . They crack VERY easy -LRB- mine cracked 3 friggin ' times on the driver side on install ! -RRB- . I was gentle and cracked it when I was merely pressing down to secure the adhesive . The front side started pulling off of the car shortly after a few washes . I 'd recommend another company .
 seemed fine out the box but about a month later and after the box was destroyed , the left strut makes lots of noise so I will have to replace again . Seemed like a good deal , oh well .
 The product discriptions available for these headlights do not specify what bulb size or type it utilizes ; however , the headlights do come with H3 bulbs for the lowbeams and the highbeams mate with your pre-existing highbeam bulbs . I purchased these headlights for use with a HID light system -LRB- Pilot HID light kit for lowbeams -RRB- on a 2002 Chevy Tahoe . The lights fit horribly and did not allow for full adjustment of the headlight beam , even after modification of the lamps . Additionally , when used with my HID lamps , the light emitted through the headlamps came out in color similar to a dirty yellow and was less bright than HID bulbs used in my traditional headlights . I ended up staying with my current headlight configuration and eating the cost of the headlights .
 I bought this item because all IR Tools seem to be the best in their class . I needed a replacement 1/2 '' Gun to replace the cheap one I got from Northern after the trigger fell out . I needed to run some 3/4 '' Nuts off the hitch on my Bobcat Trailer so I cranked up the gun on an older T30 IR Two-Stage Compressor set at 150 psi . I was really surprised that after soaking the non-rusted nuts with Liquid Wrench for a couple days , I could n't get them to budge . Everything was right but the wrench was totally wimpy . I had to use a breaker bar and start them all without the wrench ... When I asked at the dealer the sales person seemed confused by my issue but looked it up in the fine print and was very surprised to find that the tool requires 23 cfm to do real work . That 's some huge cfm by most tools standards . In fact , without 23 cfm the tool makes a nice noise but it 'll do no work . My pretty big 50 gal T30 IR Compressor is only good to 17 cfm at 150 which is probably too much pressure to put into the wrench over the long term ... There are lots of other tools including IR tools that work at the 6-8 cfm range but this Thunder Gun is not one of them ! If I could exchange it , I truly would ! It sat in the new box for almost a year before I needed it so I doubt that I could still swap it for a different lower cfm IR tool . Buyer Beware.ISX Design
 What could be a reasonably priced product with ample power suffers from several quality issues . Ingersoll-Rand should be recognized for quality tools throughout their price range . This Chinese manufactured product , however , has a combination of extremely rough surfaces as well as poorly designed and difficult to use controls . The nut at the base of the grip used for supply air also has a sharp edge that presents a hazard to a user 's hand . Ingersoll-Rand has manufactured impact wrenches that are far more user friendly . My recommendation , upgrade to a much better model or buy another brand !
 My boyfriend purchased this and thought it was going to work great . the seller we purchased from was awesome , so do not think this review is a reflection of them . the Wrench itself worked good one time and the next time he tried to use it , it wouldnt work at all . He got about 5 mins of it , if that . Not happy and will be returning it for a refund .
 I had high hopes for this impact gun . After many positive consumer reviews I ordered this and once it arrived I ran to the garage and threw an inlet on and got it connected to air as fast as I could . Instantly noticed a hissing coming from the handle of the tool . I rechecked my pressure and checked my connections . I still had hissing . I contacted IR and they said that was not normal and that the gun should be silent when not being used . I ended up shipping it back and getting another one . The second one arrived and again I ran to the garage connected it up . Sure enough this one still had the same problem . I do n't understand why this gun would have this issue since the construction is much like the 231c models , which I am going back to . The 231 will deliver and is about $ 100 less . I just hope others that have problems with this impact gun will post their issues.The tool itself looks good and feels like it could do the work . The gun seems a little heavy and it consumes a lot of CFM . With its high RPMs this gun screams . It sounds great but I think it could get annoying after a while due to the volume . IR is a great company that makes great tools . I just think they fell short on this one . This one is truly form over function . When it comes to tools I am more of a function over form kind of guy .
 I purchased a Bosch Oxygen Sensor # 13540 for a 2003 Toyota Rav 4 . The sensor male plug does n't fit into the femal portion . The vehicle failed NJ State Inspection . The MIL stayed on showing the sae code for this particular sensor P1135 . I probably have to get a new electrical connection for both sides .
 It does not look attractive . It makes me sweat when I wear it . The feel is kinda it 's squeezing my head .
 THE AIR DEFLECTOR DOES NOT CLEAR THE WINDOW AS STATED.THERE WAS ABSOLUTELY NO DIFFERENCE WITH OR WITHOUT IT.I WOULD NOT BUY THIS ITEM .
 I feel deceived . This is the first issue I have had with an Amazon sold product . I received the item with almost a 45 degree bend to the tip which must have happened in transit . Also , the picture posted by Amazon has a Toyota sign on the key ... When I received the actual product it is a blank black key . I feel very cheated !
 nice windshield but where are the mounting screws ? i only had one that came out OK so i need to replace the other 2 and i cant find them on this site
 Usually I prefer OEM parts . But this light was very reasonably priced so I figured I 'd try it . To my disappointment.This product is a poor immitation . The body line profile was not correct so it does not fit . My original lense was only cracked and the lense cover was coming apart . So its not like I have a bad bed side . I did leave this assembly on my truck for the time being . But it will be replaced with an OEM . Would not recommend any use this product .
 When my tail light was broken I patched it with florescent tape but unfortunately it could not pass inspection like that . I ordered this assembly with Amazon saying , `` This will fit your 2002 dodge ram 1500 '' . Of course it did not fit at all and I will be returning it .
 I tried to order a filter by measurements , becuase I need one for a 14 '' after market `` moroso '' air cleaner lid/base ... Well , this filter , along with a handful of others here in Amazon , are lited with demensions of `` 14.3 '' x 5.8 '' x 14.4 '' IT IS NOT EVEN CLOSE -- ACTUAL SIZE IS MORE LIKE 7.5 '' X 2.5 '' I RETURNED IT , AND TRIED AGAIN , WITH SAME RESULTS -- SO , BOTTOM LINE IS , IF YOU CAN NOT USE THE `` MAKE SURE IT FITS VEHICLE '' HELPER ON THE PAGE , DO N'T GO BY THE MEASUREMENTS LISTED . hope this helps someone out there !!
 The item was order for the same vehicle as the muffler . The muffler fit , but the tailpipe did n't come close to fitting
 i purchused this item for a 2002 ford explorer xlt and the item did not fit ! I did check the see if this fit your vehicle and it said yes it do !! Now i am stuck with this product . i live in the Bahamas and its no way to return this !! This really sucks !! Thanks for nothing !
 I received this product with none of the guns secured to the packaging . The paint cups were bent to the point they could not be removed without gouging the cups . There were scratches and scrapes all over everything and looked like they were just thrown into the box . Amazon was quick to replace the guns which is why this gets two stars . However , the second set had the same problems as the first . Buyers beware ...
 I rarely write reviews , specially bad ones . This is the only bad review I 've ever felt I had to do . First , the items were floating around the box when I received the package . The items were all banged up and looked as if they were used . The dings and dents may have been from the horrible packaging but aside from that , they still appeared to have been used . Also , the description stated they operate at 45 PSI , this is not true . Each gun has `` Max PSI 20 '' etched in on the side . When it came to spraying , I could not get it to spray properly . The PSI might be the issue , I did n't notice the `` Max PSI 20 '' until after I gave up . I will retry later to see if lowering the PSI will fix the spray but at this point I 'd say the frustration and disappointment are not worth it .
 This product is listed as fitting the 3.4 L DOHC engine installed in some Luminas , Cutlass Supremes , and Grand Prix.This WILL NOT fit the core hole specified by GM on this engine . The heater element is the wrong shape to clear the middle cylinder.A Zerostart # 3100015 fits very nicely . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 These look great , but they do n't stick on any rounded surfaces . I cleaned my bike with rubbing alchhol , they still did n't stick . do n't bother unless your using it on a completely flat surfaces .
 I was extremely disappointed !!!! I loved the design itself , and bought them to accent my new 2009 bicycle . I properly applied 8 decals on my bike ; however , on my very first ride , they all came off but one . They just peeled right up . I was bummed . If there was any way to get my money back , I would have . It was a total waste as far as I am concerned . I really wanted them to work properly because they would have looked good . My advice
 I purchased these stickers to put on a new bike . Within a day the stickers were peeling away and falling off the bike . I supposed it 's possible I received a bad set but nonetheless felt a review was appropriate . The seller gave excellent customer service and refunded my money .
 Purchasers can expect 3 years of service life from this muffler . I installed a Walker 54260 muffler on my wife 's 1999 Civic EX in in August of 2009 , and the part required replacement in November of 2012 ; an image of the defective part , alongside a new muffler ordered from Amazon , can be seen in the customer image area for this item.The Walker Quietflow SS mufflers have a limited lifetime warranty , but the customer is responsible for shipping charges to return a defective muffler . It 's not worth the hassle and expense -LRB- my guess is $ 20 or so for shipping -RRB- of boxing and shipping a rusted out muffler . In this case I would have been better off buying the part locally . On the plus side , the muffler and connecting pipes fit well , which is the only reason I installed another one ; the car will most likely be replaced within the next year.Walker uses the term `` with the power of stainless steel '' to advertise their Quietflow SS mufflers , but as anyone can see in my uploaded photo , while the connecting pipes might be stainless , the muffler certainly is n't constructed from stainless steel .
 The Honda dealer replaced the original Honda muffler w / a Quiet flow 3 years ago when I bought the car used . The design is poor because the long outer sheet metal seam is folded in such a way that it is a trough to collect water , snow & salt to rot the muffler . The ends of the trough terminate at the Front & Rear muffler end seams where the rust destroys the muffler.The only reason I bought the Quiet flow was the $ 31.99 price . -LRB- It was labeled as `` used '' , but it was brand new . -RRB- I loaded up the trough w / hi temp caulk so the water ca n't collect there . NOTE
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Walker mufflers distinguish themselves by absolutely horrendous workmanship . The first muffler purchased through Auto Zone store had unbelievable inferior and incomplete welding between the exhaust pipes and the muffler body and therefore had to be returned . The second Walker muffler purchased through Amazon.com had a good welding job , but disgustingly did not fit at all and had to be substantially modified before it could be installed into the vehicle . The quality control at Walker leaves a lot to be desired .
 I THOUGHT I HAD TO GIVE IT A TRY AS A GUEST FLUSHED HAND WIPES DOWN MY RV TOILET AND SINCE THEN THE ` LEVEL ' ALWAYS SHOWS FULL - A WIPE PROBABLY GOT STUCK ON THE INDICATOR INSIDE THE TANK . YES , I TOLD HER SHE SHOULD NOT FLUSH ANYTHING BUT THE SPECIAL TP DOWN THE HEAD BUT ... I COMPARED ALL THE DIFFERENT PRODUCTS OF THIS TYPE AND DECIDED ON THIS VALTERA BECAUSE I LIKE THEIR PRODUCTS AND BECAUSE IT HAS A BENDABLE HOSE THAT 'S ` PLASTIC ' AND WOULD N'T PUT SCRATCH MARKS ALL OVER THE TOILET . I ENDED UP TOSSING IT WITHOUT EVER EVEN USING IT . FIRST OFF THE SPRAYER HEAD IS NO WHERE NEAR AS STRONG AS I EXPECTED IT TO BE AFTER READING THE PRODUCT DESCRIPTION . I MEAN THAT 'S THE WHOLE REASON I BOUGHT IT - TO HAVE A POWERFUL SPRAY ON THE END TO CLEAN OUT THE TANK . SECONDLY , IT 'S A HUGE PROCESS TO PULL THIS WAND OUT OF A TOILET AND GET IT OUTSIDE TO CLEAN IT OFF . I MEAN YOU NEED TO USE A HUGE TOWEL TO KEEP IT FROM TOUCHING OTHER THINGS THEN YOU HAVE TO UNDO DO IT FROM YOUR HOSE AND HOSE IT OFF THEN SPRAY IT WITH COOTIE KILLER . TO ME IT JUST LOOKS LIKE A HUGE PAIN IN THE BUTT THAT WO N'T DO WHAT THEY SAY IT WILL DO . I WOULD GET THE CLEANER THAT HOOKS RIGHT TO YOUR SEWER HOOKUP BUT IT WO N'T FIT ON MY TEENY TINY MOTOR HOME CAUSE EVERYTHING IS MADE EXTRA SMALL . OH WELL - BACK TO THE BAGS OF ICE CUBES FLOATING AROUND WHILE I 'M DRIVING DOWN THE ROAD AND GUESSING WHEN THE BLACK WATER TANK IS FULL . OH YEAH - AND AN EXPLICIT SIGN IN ITHE BATHROOM TELLING PEOPLE NOT TO FLUSH ANYTHING PUT POOP AND PEE - GIVE ME A BREAK - I CAN SEE A KID BEING THOUGHTLESS BUT AN ADULT SHOULD KNOW BETTER . ALAS , I FOUND OUT THE HARD WAY - TRUST NO ONE - EVEN YOUR FRIENDS !
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 I bought these for my '08 Xterra , along with those for the rear seats . The rear seats fit but the front passenger seat cover did not.I called the number on the instructions and I was directed to email pictures of the cover on the car , showing where and how it did n't fit . I did this and after a few days they got back to me by email.After a few exchanges of information and more pictures , they agreed the covers had not been cut properly so were sending a replacement . When the replacement arrived , I could see it was n't even for this vehicle at all ; the cutout for the seat back release did n't exist for one thing and there were cutouts where none were needed . I immediately got back to them on their customer service website with these problems but they had already closed out the service ticket so I had to start a new one.It 's been a week and I have n't heard from anyone yet . Hopefully I will . At $ 150 a pair , these things should fit like a glove and their customer service should be more responsive .
 I bought these for my '08 Xterra , along with those for the rear seats . The rear seats fit but the front passenger seat cover did not.I called the number on the instructions and I was directed to email pictures of the cover on the car , showing where and how it did n't fit . I did this and after a few days they got back to me by email.After a few exchanges of information and more pictures , they agreed the covers had not been cut properly so were sending a replacement . When the replacement arrived , I could see it was n't even for this vehicle at all ; the cutout for the seat back release did n't exist for one thing and there were cutouts where none were needed . I immediately got back to them on their customer service website with these problems but they had already closed out the service ticket so I had to start a new one.It 's been a week and I have n't heard from anyone yet . Hopefully I will . At $ 150 a pair , these things should fit like a glove and their customer service should be more responsive .
 Hello , it might be help to sell this product if you gave a description like size and lenght.Won ' t sell without it
 I bought these for my '08 Xterra , along with those for the rear seats . The rear seats fit but the front passenger seat cover did not.I called the number on the instructions and I was directed to email pictures of the cover on the car , showing where and how it did n't fit . I did this and after a few days they got back to me by email.After a few exchanges of information and more pictures , they agreed the covers had not been cut properly so were sending a replacement . When the replacement arrived , I could see it was n't even for this vehicle at all ; the cutout for the seat back release did n't exist for one thing and there were cutouts where none were needed . I immediately got back to them on their customer service website with these problems but they had already closed out the service ticket so I had to start a new one.It 's been a week and I have n't heard from anyone yet . Hopefully I will . At $ 150 a pair , these things should fit like a glove and their customer service should be more responsive .
 I used the spray with vinegar . Assumed from the description of the item that it would work fine . But after six months the bottle stopped spraying . I still feel the resistance when pulling the trigger , but nothing comes out . When I opened the spray mechanism to check , I could see deterioration in the o-ring of the spray spout .
 I wanted to keep this in the bathroom to spray mildew but it stopped working after a few months and I had bought multiples - they all stopped working . I should have bought a spray bottle from the super market .
 The top of the bottle sheared off during use . The bottle , full of vinegar , fell to the floor . The sprayer and the threaded top of the bottle remained in my hand . This was the second Lisle spray bottle I purchased from Amazon , since the first sprayer failed after very short use.To replace the Lisle bottles , we purchased a 4-pack of Envirokind wide-mouth spray bottles made by Delta Industries for $ 3.97 . These have adjustable spray nozzles and a more user-friendly design . Amazon carries a similar product , which is a much better value than the Lisle spray bottles.http : / / www.amazon.com/Delta-82413-32-Spray-Bottle-Ounce/dp/B000HMBJ74/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&s;=home-garden&qid;=1280331862&sr;=8-3http://www.amazon.com/Envirokind-Household-Sprayer-16-oz/dp/B000KL1OFY/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&s;=home-garden&qid;=1280332236&sr;=8-6
 I purchased three of these and filled them with undiluted vinegar for use in the bathrooms and the kitchen . I go through a great deal of vinegar by soaking towels with them to wipe down surfaces . $ 9 is a lot of money for a spray bottle but it is suitable for stronger liquids so I wo n't worry about vinegar burning through the plastic.I was WRONG.Made in the USA
 50 % bleach is all I use in bottles . This bottle lasted only a few weeks using it moderately in the home . The pump wore out slowly and then failed completely . I have long experience using bottles for bleach and this was the shortest time I could use it .
 The bottle neck -LRB- to which the sprayer is attached -RRB- BROKE OFF . This has been used lightly -- only twice filled with household vinegar !
 What ever you do , DO NOT spill this while you 're filling your trans ! If you do make sure you wipe it up completely . This oil has a TERRIBLE smell and when it gets hot it gets worse . Google ` royal purple Synchromax smell ' . I 'm thinking of changing back to GM stuff , ca n't get rid of the odor inside the car .
 Product came in plastic covered by box . No instructions . And seems a couple pieces were bent , which doesnt seem like I couldve done.No instructions .
 WHEN I MADE THE PURCHASE FOR THIS BENDIX BRAKE PAD WITH THE MODEL # MKD884 , IT WAS ADVERTISED AS TITANIUM METALLIC II , BUT WHAT I GOT WAS AN OLDER MODEL AND DISCONTINUES ITEM , BUT THE MODEL WAS THE SAME , FAULT ADVERTISED !! SCAM !! BE AWARE !!
 Poor quality is what this heater is . The bolt for tightening the element to the block spins freely and does n't tighten well . Purchased a different brand that had a catch built into the tightening bolt , worked great . Do n't waste your money on this item .
 I ordered this part , it is the wrong one even though their `` part-finder '' said it was correct . I went on the manufacturers site to double-check and could not cancel or change this order even though it was done on the same day , a Saturday . I called `` customer service '' and got two yahoos from India who told me I could order the correct part and in two weeks they would give me a refund for the first , unbelieveabvle . The only reason I even looked at Amazon was because I was given a gift card . Never again .
 When the temp . is 38F and the thermometer reads 82F and has stayed at 82F you loose confidence in the product . This is my second unitRod Butler
 I ordered these for emergency purposes in my 3rd car . The cable is fine , but the clamps on each end are flimsy and I am not sure how well they will clamp to a side terminal battery , if at all . Since my Toyota used top terminals I decided to keep them and hope if I ever need a jump , they will also have top terminals available . Checked Walmart website after buying and they have similarly priced items , so consider looking at brick and mortar before purchasing these `` name brand '' cables .
 THE PICTURE SHOWS AN INTAKE MANIFOLD BUT THE DESCRIPTION IS FOR SOMETHING ELSE ? WHAT IS BEING SOLD IN THIS AUCTION ?
 Trailer coverIt did fit nicely . But the first wind we had , the first . It blew to pieces . Came apart at the seams . Wind was approx 20MP , trailer is between 2 houses , not out in the open . If we knew it could not hold up to a wind , we would not have bought it .
 This RV cover -LRB- # 75563 -RRB- is advertised for all 5th Wheel trailers of a certain length range . That is the only restriction listed . The instructions shipped with the cover state that it should not be used on RV 's with a rubber roof -LRB- Note ; most RV roofs are now covered by a rubber membrane -RRB- . If you do , the warranty is voided . This fact must be declared by Amazon or they shall be responsible for the stated warranty .
 We bought this cover after reading mixed reviews , but nowhere was it mentioned how short it is.Look CLOSE at the trailer on the picture . Unless it 's seriously PhotoShopped , there 's no A/C or anything on the roof , and the nose cone is n't very tall.We have an RV 5th wheel , with vaulted ceilings and a stand-up bedroom over the tongue . It also has the typical A/C and vents on top . This cover is at LEAST 2-3 feet too short . It does n't wrap around the nose cone nor does it reach all the way to the bottom of the sidewalls , so it does n't fit or wrap up properly.Furthermore , I read that people had problems with it ripping to shreds in light wind . I can see that happening . While I was pulling the strings tight through the buckles , the side material of the cover tore very easily , with little tension . On a 40 ' trailer , it only has 4 tie downs along the lower sides , leaving the cover very flappy . If we were to keep it , we 'd have to buy a couple hundred feet of rope and just start wrapping all around it , to keep it from blowing away.This is something that we wo n't be buying sight-unseen again , or at least not without a LOT of calls to the company and questions first .
 I made this purchase just before putting our 5th wheel in storage for the summer . I 've had other covers . If we 'd not been so rushed I 'd have returned this cover , although there are some good things about it . First the pros . The price was reasonable and I needed it quickly so prime delivery was a big consideration . It seems reasonably well made and was fairly easy to install . It is under warranty for 3 years . We 'll have to see how it wears . The cons are as follow . There are no instructions other than the picture on the box . There are velcro tabs on one side that have no reciprocating velcro fastening places anywhere . Although in okay condition , the cover I received had clearly be out of the box , unrolled on grass and weed surface and probably installed on another , dirty 5th wheel before it was shipped to me . There seemed to be pieces missing and there were dirty smudges on the cover . Had I not been pressed by need and time I 'd not have accepted this cover .
 After only 4 months , the lock part is rusted on the pin and I ca n't get it off . Also the key barely fit in the hole , even with the rubber piece protecting it from dirt and grime . The key is now stuck in the lock . Not that it matters , because I have to get the pin cut off anyways . I 'd avoid this product .
 I bought this back in July 2008 . I went to take it off in Aug 2009 and it was so corroded and rusted the lock was frozen in place . I had to have it cut off at a welding shop . I would avoid this lock !
 The product fits the hitch just fine and has an excellent price point , unfortunately it rusts extremely quickly . In less than 3 weeks it was all spotty . After 3 months it is almost completely covered in rust , the worst part being that despite the rubber cap , the lock is rusted shut . We will have to cut off the lock and buy a better product , or cover the new one in some rust proofer .
 Worked as it was supposed to but after the first winter , I guess salt somehow got past the cover and I couldnt get it unlocked , will not buy another one of these as long as I live somewhere where it snows .
 Do not buy this pin with the combo offered on the bike rack . As I found out , to late , the pin offered by Amazon is the wrong pin and will not work . The bike rack manufacturer uses a specifically designed bolt style pin making this pin unusable . Wait until you get the bike rack and if you do not care for the pin supplied you can order a locking bolt pin from the internet or pick one up at u-haul or someplace else that deals in hitches .
 this would not fit the swagman bike carrier the carrier needs a threaded lock this one was solid
 Watch out for the sleeve on the lock shaft . If you do n't have it aligned right you will have a very hard time locking and unlocking the lock . If the sleeve gets wedged inside your trailer hitch and exerts pressure against the lock head , you wo n't be able to get the lock off -LRB- happened to me -RRB- . Masterlock needs to redesign this lock to eliminate the sleeve - just make a bigger diameter shaft .
 Amazon recommended this as part of my order of the swagman bike carrier . I did not read the reviews from other people before I bought this lock for the carrier . It will not fit at all with the swagman . As I write this , Amazon still has not removed it from its recommeded list for this bike carrier . Do not add it if you plan to buy this carrier which by the way , wonderfull bike rack for my truck .
 The lock itself is good but the quality of the metal is definitely not . It began to rust almost immediately and now the entire lock is covered in rust and looks horrible . Better off getting a different one .
 This lock -LRB- Master Lock 375DAT Class III/IV Snap-On Receiver Hitch Lock with 5/8-Inch Pin -RRB- is not compatible with Swagman XC Cross-Country 2-Bike Hitch Mount Rack -LRB- 2-Inch Receiver -RRB- although Amazon is still putting them as a package . So , check it before you buy it .
 You sold this to me as a add-on to the bike rack hitch I bought and after opening the package I found out that it will not work to lock the bike rack hitch on to my car . Now the package is open and I can not return it . You need to take it off the also bought this item list with the bike rack . It will lock a regular ball hitck to the car .
 this item is not worth buying it does n't fit any Asian vehicles but did n't learn this until i bought it , you can buy the Snap-On version that fits all Asian vehicles for at most $ 20 more and get snap on customer service with it to
 this item will actually get the valvespring off easily , but not without risking to damage the cylinder arround the spring.The real letdown is that it is impossible to reassemble the valvesprings with it . It ca n't be don without damaging the cylinder or breaking or loosing the spring retainers . It is just too risky . Do n't use it . I bought it and it gave nothing but headache . You can get a tool to do the job reliably and also without removing the top of the engine . I gave this one star , but only because i had to inorder to submit this review .
 if you are buying this as a cheap alternative to the Blue point GA317 do n't bother . this is not the correct tool . the nose on the installer is far too big to re-seat the keepers . this lisle tool work fine to remove the keeper but not to reinstall . used this for 2 hours trying to get Mitsubishi 3000gt keepers back in place . Waste of time and money -LRB- for that application -RRB- . i ended up going back to my trusty Schley -LRB- SCH91410 -RRB- valve spring compressor tool and all was well .
 Seems like a totally fine product -LRB- well constructed -RRB- BUT IT DOES NOT WORK FOR BMWs -LRB- even though the description says that it is for `` import '' vehicles -RRB- . I have a 2005 325Ci and these screws are too thick .
 These do n't fit my Toyota , BMW or Subaru ... so I 'm not entirely sure what &#34; import &#34; they fit.Anyway , they 're stainless and appear to be made well.I 'm quite confident they wo n't rust on the shelf in my garage .
 I was disappointed when I tried to use these locking fasteners to secure my front license plate . They all seemed to have thread issues where they would n't fasten all the way . Also , one of the bolts did n't have the specific groove on the bolt head that would allow the fastening tool to work . All and all they were useless , fortunately the license plate came with its own fasteners but not locking ones.TO BE FAIR , I never contacted Amazon to get a refund or replace the product . My schedule does n't allow much time to find a package to put the bolts in and then get to a mail drop place and send them off , if Amazon wants to send me new ones I would n't complain and would certainly offer a different tone for a review.Everything else I received from my order was stellar .
 While searching for a Chrome License Plate , we were made to understand that the above needed to be ordered which was not the case .
 I have a 1999 Japanese car , I ordered this item for it , but it did n't work , they only screwed in about one quarter of the screw length or less . Therefore , I could n't use them . Nonetheless , the screws et cetera seem to be of good quality and the price is good . I suggest that in the description you state that they ONLY fit foreign or Japanese cars from a certain model year to the present ! I 'm keeping them , as it would be too much of a hassle and expense to mail back this inexpensive kit . If and when I buy a new car , and if it happens to be a foreign car , perhaps I will then be able to use these screws . Time will tell , but for now , I 'm screwed .
 These do not fit any of my import vehicles -LRB- Volvo and Land Rover -RRB- . They 're too long and of incompatible threading.More irritating is the phony `` security '' aspect , which boils down to a special tool needed to use the bolts . A tiny tool that will almost certainly be lost . I am not a secret agent . Not in the CIA , NSA , MI5 , or any other sort of high-espionage security . That means I do n't need to worry about bad guys stealing my license plates . There 's a pretty easy test to see if you should worry about someone stealing your license plates . You can take this at home . Two questions
 FALSE ADVERTISING !! PICTURE AND DESCRIPTION CLEARLY SHOWS THESE ARE `` HEX '' AND NOT `` STAR '' SHAPED . RECEIVED THE `` SWITCH & BAIT '' PRODUCT - THE STAR . I NEEDED HEX TO GET MY LICENSE PLATES OFF MY CAR . FALSE ADVERTISING !! Even weeks later , the same hex pix is being displayed , RIGHT NOW !! It 's a fine product - BUT NOT WHAT I NEEDED NOR ORDERED .
 Fits only the larger Euro slots on a new BMW and not the US plate holes . The screws are too large for US .
 Poor design , poor quality and poor instructions . Customer service did n't shine either . Live and learn . Next time I will spend a few extra bucks for better quality .
 High quality , wrong length . These screws are way too long for any of my cars license plates . Most plate screws are 0.25 inches , these are ~ 0.75 . Wo n't fit anything I own .
 I 've ordered two of these , there is a guarantee written on the package stating these are rust proof . Both of my orders clearly contained rusty nuts . I did n't even need to open the package to notice it . I 'm going to use this item , simply because I do n't feel like dealing with another return . I hope the screws do n't begin to rust as well.Two stars , only because it 's a very useful item .
 I like this item but it DOES NOT fit neither 2007 Audi Q7 nor 2011 Audi A3 TDI ! Good for IMPORTS ? Well not GERMAN .
 I will have to return this product . I was assured it would fit my 60/40 seats on my 1998 Ford Ranger pickup . When they arrived they did n't fit . They should get their products straight . Beware of these .
 These screw covers did not fit the screws that I purchased at the same time and were matched with each other .
 WANTED 4 COVERS FOR THE FRONT AND 4 FOR THE BACK PLATE . . ENDED UP WITH 32 BUT THAT WAS OK AS THEY WERE 1CENT PER PACK OF 4 . . TOTAL COST 8 CENTS . . THE COMPANY CHARGED ME $ 39.92 IN SHIPPING !!! THEY WEIGHED NOTHING AND BARELY GOT HERE FOR CHRISTMAS . WILL NEVER ORDER FROM THEM AGAIN AND WILL NOT RECOMEND THEM TO ANYONE . .
 These were a massive waste of time and money . They cracked just trying to put them on . Do n't bother !
 Made of a very cheap plastic . Did n't fit the screws I had which were n't wide at all . I ca n't even give them away because no one I know has screws small enough for them to work . Waste of money !
 Amazon should drop this supplier . The license plate frame is useless because it is too small to fit the plate . Worthless .
 The license plate holder was great , however was unable to use the accessory screws and covers because of pre-drilled screw holes in my Miata
 I know these were cheap but come on if i buy screw covers i expect them to fit on the screws .
 While they will serve the purpose , they are as plastic as can be and plastic ai n't chrome in America ! Here 's the link to them so you can see for yourself that it says , `` Cruiser Accessories 82030 Screw Covers , Chrome '' . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00032KC30 I already had some of these on there but I thought these were chrome and that is the only reason I ordered them . It 's too much trouble to return them so I 'll give them away or use them on another vehicle . But I 'd appreciate if the distributors at Amazon would actually tell the truth . There is nothing wrong with them so I hate to rate them low but I 'm doing that as it was very misleading .
 Very dissatisfied . The covers did not fit the current screws that are on my BMW license plate . If your considering this product , please make sure it will fit you ' r car .
 Cruiser Accessories 81230 Locking Fasteners do not work with these caps -- caps are built for larger screw heads . Frequently Bought Together is misleading .
 fell off almost immediately -- but it was cheap so no big loss ... only someone anal as me would think the small lic plate screws need covering : -RRB-
 These caps are about twice the size that I needed . Wish that they were about half this size . Hope that they contact me .
 While searching for a Chrome License Plate Frame w. Clear Cover , we were made to understand that we needed this item in order to install the License Plate Frame .
 Did n't fit my screws and are too bulky to be used with the three different frames I 've tried them on . Maybe a more specific description would help others choose a different option . If you have a raised frame and your screws are even slightly recessed these most likely wont fit .
 I used a set of these . They hold water and rust out the hardware . Luckily I had some screw extractors so I was able to take my plate off with a little work .
 I 'm pleased with the appearance of these on my nouveau plate cover , but they feel incredibly cheap and I do n't expect them to stay on while driving down the road . I understand you need to be able to take them back off , but I feel like they 're going to fall off on their own!We 'll see how it turns out .
 They only ship 2 pieces not 4 . Other than that the product is good . There was no way on Amazon to communicate this . Only options were return item -LRB- which I needed , even if only 2 -RRB- or write a review , whichis here .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I will have to return this product . I was assured it would fit my 60/40 seats on my 1998 Ford Ranger pickup . When they arrived they did n't fit . They should get their products straight . Beware of these .
 Worked well when I got it . Lasted about 2 weeks in a tire shop . Might be OK for individual .
 I purchased this product because it was advirtized as a 0-50 lb . gauge . However , it will not registed air pressure at low readings.Not very satisfied .
 I had a hard time getting a reading from it . It felt like the rubber was too thick to press the tire stem deep enough to get the right pressure out of it . I bought another brand instead . Maybe it 's worked better for others .
 This product does NOT come with the terminal nut . The photo should be accurate or at least indicate that in the description .
 SKIRT IS POORLY DESIGN . WELCRO STRIP THAT IS GLUED TO UHDER SIDE IS NOT HOLDING AT ALL . I 'VE CLEANED VERY GOOD BEFORE INSTALATION WITH ALCOHOL AND IT 'S STILL FALLING OFF . THERE IS NO AJUSTMENT FOR HEIDHT - ON SITE WITH SLOPE IT IS EITHER TOO LOW OR TOO HIGH . PLASTIC STAKES ARE USELESS ON ASFALT AND SANDY SURFACE AND WIND WILL BLOW IT AWAY .
 Ordered Chelsea throw for my son-in-law for Christmas and had it shipped to him . Imagine his surprise when he opened it on Christmas morning to find a pair of womens indoor soccer shoes . When contacted the company asked me to ship them back but did not clarify what they will do when they receive them . We will see . I understand things happen but it stinks .
 if you need to actually GREASE something that must be dielectric -LRB- insulated -RRB- this is NOT it.Very Thick . the drag on this grease is extremely high . It 's pretty much silicone glue without the hardening agent .
 I noticed that my battery light would flicker in my 7.3 l diesel . I ordered this replacement alternator so I would be ready to change out my old worn out alternator . On Veteran 's day 11/11/11 my old alternator was dead . So I replaced my worn out alternator with a Quality built 7798810N alternator . The swap was easy and painless , the belt was tracking nicely and the battery light was out . I drove my truck about one hundred and fifty miles , I began to notice that my lights were dimming and then my gauges all shut down . I managed to pull my truck into a rest area , my brand new batteries were now dead . I managed -LRB- after several cold hours and uselessly calling the road side assistance number on the alternator box -RRB- to get a ride to an auto parts store . I brought the alternator with me , the test administered on it gave it a failing grade . I was forced to purchase another alternator reinstall it , and get a jump to start my truck . I now have driven over 300 + miles on the new alternator including at night w / no problem . I WOULD NOT reccomend buying a qaulity built alternator unless you want to change it out on the side of the highway in the cold ... THE ALTERNATOR I RECEIVED , WAS JUNK.......Quality-Built 7798810N Supreme Domestic Alternator - New
 It seen that stuff has two drum caliper -LRB- on the picture -RRB- , but in fact they send me that product whit one drum caliper . It is very disappointingBecause I 'm looking for cherokee brake caliper with two drum -LRB- like seen on the picture -RRB-
 We installed the heater , started the motor to circulate the coolant , ran the motor for 30 minutes or so , plugged in the heater and it burned up in 5 minutes . Junk . Do n't waste your money on this unit . Could n't return because the shipping was more than the cost . A complete waste of money and time . Buy something local and get the support that you deserve .
 I ended up having notifications on my vehicle that something was not working right . Mechanic told me that it was the locking gas cap I had recently put on .
 the clutch disc and pressure plate fit , but the throwout bearing and pilot bearing are wrong , and will not fit 2002 chevy tracker 2.0 L as stated .
 got the key fob and was real excited . read the instructions and from there it was down hill . i emailed the company and someone emailed me back and informed me that i may have to take the fob to a locksmith . if the locksmith does n't work out i may take it to a dealership . lol this is and was a joke . plan on returning it minus the restock fee they charge which is 20 % of the total price . my first and last time ever ordering anything electronic site unseen from god knows who .
 When you pay that little , that 's what you get . They 're better than nothing and will do until I can afford better .
 Wednesday , November 21 , 2012 - 11:30 AMI ordered a class C cover for a Winnebago Mini F24 , which is 24 feet long . Every thing went well until half an hour ago when I opened up the shipped box and tied to cover the RV.Low and behold they sent me something for a class A. It 's Hughes at least 12 ' too long , and naturally way too big for my small rig . Also the cover unpacking and installation instructions do not match the way this cover is boxed and shipped -LRB- do not listen to them it does not come ready to `` roll out '' . -RRB- It was inside out . Thus I had to roll it back up , carry it down the ladder , and then unwrap it on ground level . Turn is right side out then fold/roll up as if to store then carry it back up the RV ladder . When on top of the RV I rolled it out I was astonished at the volume of material . When I finally realized that it is just way too big to be for my rig.Signed , Not a happy customer and more than a little upset .
 Product might have been OK when it was new . I got a package that had been opened and re-taped , was missing the rope ties and instructions that were supposed to be in the box , and it looked like the box had been cut to remove the UPC symbols . I might expect that from a third party vendor but this shipped from Amazon . Totally unsatisfactory . I was already out at my RV and rain was on the way so I kept it - otherwise I would have returned it .
 JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK . these things barely last 4 months of being used mildly , we have a timer to turn on the power at 4:30 am and my wife leaves at 5:30 . that 's ONE HOUR A DAY and they burn out within 6 months . buy a real heater from a non outsourced manufacturer like HOTSTART . and buy a unit like the one i have that is the TPS051GT8 . it works awesome and unlike the throw away unit on this page you can buy a new thermostat when and IF it burns out . they ARE more expensive , buy try to warranty a junk KATS unit , you 'll spend the same amount on a cheapy after buying 3 of them . -LRB- the kats units use WAY more power too -RRB- -LRB- GOOD LUCK CHUM !! -RRB- i have 2 kats units in my garage WITH reciepts . and they both blew at 4 and 7 months . CRAP CRAP CRAP CRAP CRAP . buy a hotstart .
 I bought this for my duramax powered pickup , rather than replace the block heater . I found a spot to install it exactly according to the directions . I plugged it in once to verify that it worked and heated up the coolant . Did not use it again until a year later and it does n't work at all ... On farm tractors these things still work after 20 + years of abuse , exposed and this one does n't work when it was only used once . If I could rate it less than 1 star I would ... get what you pay for , or in this case you get less than what you pay for ...
 Bought from Amazon.com , LLC 9/30/10 received 10/9/10 installed on port engine in my 36 ' Cruiser twin Volvo TAMD41A Diesels 11/2/10 . Only run heaters for 30 minutes prior to start up a couple of times a month during winter for engine run up . More often during boating season April to October . This one was a replacement for a 12 year old heater that had no name on it so I do n't know who made it . The new one failed during summer about August/2011 , the power source is working correctly . How do i get a warranty replacement ? The other 12 year old heater has failed as well . I need to replace it but will not buy Kat 's unless they warrant the one I bought last year.Vancouver BCRobin
 It says `` No need to have the axle removed '' on the Product Features of these Boot but there was simple no way I could stretch these boots using a cone.I ended up causing these boots to tear apart as I had used too much force on it!It definitely requires the axle removed for proper installation.What a disappointment & waste of my time !
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Received new part in good condition , in due time . Wrong part for my vehicle , too small , wo n't work , ca n't be made to work , returned for replacement
 I liked it when I got it but the ladybugs have faded almost completely away . The red paint will not hold up to sunlight .
 Put the O2 sensor in and it took a day of driving for the check engine light to go off and within a week the light came back on with the same p0141 error code.The O2 sensor was defective .
 By far the most disappointing thing I have ever bought from Amazon.comVinyl itself is very soft and light and flaps around even when you place it on the ground.This cheap piece of viny has a folded edge where you are supposed to insert pieces of supplied garden hose to make the border !!! Do not waste your money on this ... please !!
 The CarPad works fine when new but it did n't last as long as I had hoped.The vinyl dries out and cracks after about 2 or 3 years and then it no longerprovides much value . It would be nicer if they used a better quality vinyl .
 Really , beware of ordering from them.I ordered 2 items - I did receive one , it took almost two months , but OK . As one reviewer wrote , it is heavy plastic with 4 plastic `` hoses . '' You decide if it 's worth $ 180 . Then , when the second item came , 2 months later , it was the wrong item - a small carpad that I can not use . The company nevertheless charged me $ 80 , the price of the item I originally ordered , whereas the item I was sent is priced at $ 38 on their website . I sent 3 emails - no reply . I left several telephone messages . No replies . This was in June . I called again July 19 , another answering machine , no human being . This company has overcharged me for something I never even ordered , and six weeks later they still have not rectified this . I 'm now dealing with Visa to dispute the charge . Carpad seems to be on the brink . Do n't deal with them .
 Really , beware of ordering from them.I ordered 2 items - I did receive one , it took almost two months , but OK . As one reviewer wrote , it is heavy plastic with 4 plastic `` hoses . '' You decide if it 's worth $ 180 . Then , when the second item came , 2 months later , it was the wrong item - a small carpad that I can not use . The company nevertheless charged me $ 80 , the price of the item I originally ordered , whereas the item I was sent is priced at $ 38 on their website . I sent 3 emails - no reply . I left several telephone messages . No replies . This was in June . I called again July 19 , another answering machine , no human being . This company has overcharged me for something I never even ordered , and six weeks later they still have not rectified this . I 'm now dealing with Visa to dispute the charge . Carpad seems to be on the brink . Do n't deal with them .
 This appeared to be the tool needed to disconnect under hood electrical connections . Seems like its designed right , but it just snaps the tabs off any connector I tried . Maybe works for your car , either way , cheap enough .
 It works ok for the right applications , does not work for all plugs and the plug needs to be almost new .
 This tool is too long to be useful . Any where that you have room to use it , you can get the clips by hand . I bought it hoping to help out in hard to see or reach spots but its worthless .
 Said it was a moto tool , only used in auto . False advertising but if i was looking for auto electrical seperator this is not it
 Only plus is that they look good.The fit is mediocre . There is no stretch areas so fitting them is a pain and there are still areas that are either too tight or too loose . Getting them on the back of my front seats required cutting out pieces of the factory seats.They are n't waterproof at all . They might as well be made of terrycloth , they absorb liquid that well.After 1 year , I have multiple tears , including the back seats which see VERY little use.Buy the Wet Okole
 This chain was shipped single link not a double roller as it is depicted . Make sure you call or fet clarification before ordering
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I order this shades for my car shipment was quick but fit ment is completely off about 1 inch longer look like crap quality seems good but overall would not recomend this product now im stuck with them
 I ordered ventvisors for a 2004 Ford van and received a pair for a 1971-1985 Ford van . Amazon 's return policy worked great.JK
 Contrary to the web this filter sandwich DOES NOT fit an older Chevy 350 . There is a 1/8 inch gap in the circumfrance of the supplied sandwich . And in poor light not easily noticed . Only after cranking my engine with the coil wire removed did I notice no oil pressure and six quarts of brand new oil on my garage floor . Better light led to my discovery.Off to Napa for something made in China I supose .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Had to put my old blades on streaked my windows . The blades where filthy . Emailed trico and they sent me anew set have n't tried them yet .
 Bought these based on the reviews of others . . I was tired of buying the cheaper ones around $ 3-4 and thought these would be the greatest things since the tire was invented . . Mine is 17 '' long and streakes the bottom 6 '' . . I cant get these things to clear the windshield . . They are windshield wipers for pete 's sake , how hard can it be to work ? I 've never had wipers leave so much of the windshield unclear .
 I have purchased at least six of these wipers in different sizes . All have failed within a month of use . There is a defect in the design . They work excellently when new . Then the glue fails that attaches the rubber wiper to the blade . The attachment depends entirely on the bond of the glue . There is nothing else keeping the rubber wiper attached to the metal blade . Bosch has a similar item but their wiper fits into a groove on the blade . I bought those . So far so good but it is really too early to tell . This flexible blade type of wiper blade works great . Unfortunately , the Innovision blade promises much more than it can deliver . Save your money .
 Left water streaks upon installation . I threw them away and bought another brand using the same concept and those are great .
 I had the kit for about a year and cleaned the filter about 2-4 times a year depending on when I change my oil . The pump will eventually go bad , it would be best to have a seperate spray bottle and transfer the fluid into that one .
 Very disappointed in the performance of these blades - no matter what I did they just left streaks on the windshield . These are the worst blades I have ever attempted to use . Certainly not worth what I paid for them .
 Despite Trico charts this blade is the correct size for later model Camrys on the passenger side . Combining the 19 inch blade with the 26 inch on the drivers side will result in the blades making hard contact at the bottom of their sweep risking damage to both the blade and the wiper motor . Also beware of the plastic mounting hardware which can easily be cracked when trying to remove ice and snow buildup .
 These wipers are worthless !! In fact they might end up costing you a ton of money when you have to replace your windshield . I bought a pair that came apart completely , leaving bare metal on my windshield ... . AND THIS AFTER 3 MONTHS with MAYBEE 5 days with rain ...
 Yes , this is a great price . Too bad this part does n't fit the 3.4 L Pontiac Grand Am like the fit guide says . The bendix gear did not engage the flywheel like it should causing a grinding noise upon starting.Beware of this starter if your car is a 3.4 L GM V6 .
 I gave it one star b/c it wo n't let me give 0 stars.I ordered this on the Amazon Prime 2 day delivery and it took 5 days to get here . Upon getting it I had a professional mechanic install it for me and it never worked . The motor , not the solenoid seems to be bad . when I hit the starter there is an initially whining sound followed by a click the first time I turn the motor over , then every time after that it just clicks . New battery and I had the battery hooked up too jumper cables just in case to be sure it was n't a battery issue . I am returning this today . This project is now 2 weeks behind and no end in site , thank u amazon and quality built for a horrible experience all around . on top of it not working , I now have to pay the mechanic to take it off , pay ship it back to Amazon and wait for them to send me another starter and pay him to put it on as well . I will be out at least $ 300 over this ... Awesome job making sure that starter worked before U guys shipped it out .
 This crimping tool is far better at crimping than anything I 've used in 45 years . They also ratchet tight to where you can stop and get another hold if you need to go tighter , BUT , the release button is HORRIBLE , HORRIBLE , HORRIBLE . It is located right under and between the handles when tight to where you can NOT get your finger in to release it . I did use a small screw driver to stick back into the small opening , squeezed the handle to release the pressure some , then shoved the screw driver forward to push the lever forward releasing the ratcheting grip to remove and fully open the crimping tool . REAL BAD design on the release . If nothing else , the locking ratcheting button should have been down on the handle to where you could get to it easily . Kind of like the release on `` vise-grips . '' I just hope the company realizes this and re-designs them SOON.A TIP -- BUT WITH A TRADE OFF !! They are better designed crimping tools out there and I would advise looking elsewhere before buying this tool . I 'm quite unhappy with mine . BUT , if you do buy these you may want to make them to where they release a little bit better for you . I opened them up to where you could see the ratcheting locking teeth and took a file and took off the first -LRB- or top -RRB- 3 rows of teeth off . This gives you enough room for your little finger between the handles to touch the locking device so you can push forward to release the pressure AFTER your finished crimping . But , you better have crimped your wire as far and as tightly as you want the first crimp or you just might pull the wire right out of the tool and wire insert or whatever wire connector your using . I love the wide crimping that this tool gives my wire connectors and ends , BUT I HATE where the locking device is . The locking device just is n't practical-PERIOD . I would advise looking at other wide crimping tools first . They ca n't be any worse without re-designing this type on your own OR using a screw driver to open . They feel good and they crimp good . Otherwise , I would have given them 1 star!I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND !!
 I learned this the hard way so decided to share my experience in the hopes it 'll stop someone else making the same mistake.I 've used several -LRB- milder -RRB- clay bars in the past from brands such as sonus , mother 's , meguiars , zaino , Griot 's , and a couple of others . I 've found them to vary both in terms of ease of use and speed at which they removed the contaminants.My assumption with this clay was that being ` Aggressive ' , it 'd remove the bonded contaminants with less elbow-grease than milder claybars . Instead , what I found -LRB- and later confirmed by reading online -RRB- is that this clay is intended for heavy contamination , and as a precursor to swirl removal.I was careful to use this clay as directed , and with plenty of spray to keep the surface lubricated . It did a good job of removing contamination , but not noticeably better than other brands I 've used . The major downside I found with this clay was that it marred the paint horribly , leaving swirl marks all over the finish which was previously lightly swirled.If you plan to machine polish the car afterwards anyway , or do n't care about swirl marks this is probably a good enough product . For a light to normal amount of surface contamination , I 'd strongly recommend you look at something milder .
 They give you a big jar , but inside I found a tiny slab of shrink wrapped clay bar which is sold by other vendors for half or less . I use clay bar at least once a month for both my cars and have used many different brands , this is no different from other brands and priced way beyond its worth . Very deceiving package is what I would say .
 Nope , do n't like em . Left a totally streaky mess on the windows . I used them as directed , I think . Are ya supposed to wipe and and wipe until the cloth goes dry or something . If so , I do n't see how . Ok to wipe off other things , but not glass .
 Bought a set of these for my Jag XJS . They were purported to be custom cut but they do not fit the foot well and have to have folds along the edges and are not fitted like originals are.Trying to make contact to anyone that cares or could do anything is impossible.Will be returning these and will get a proper set.I wonder if any other vehicles have the same issues , but seems that for my Jag , their template was off .
 Purchased this and paid a professional mechanic to install it . After about a week , the car occasionally failed to start , making a click noise when turning the ignition key . Rocking it back and forth in 2nd gear would get it started . Clear sign of a dead spot . I called the Quality-built customer service number and was told by one of their reps that it was likely a poor installation with a break in the grounding.After checking the connections myself to no avail , I just decided to head over to Advanced Auto Parts , pick up a reconditioned starter , and swapped them out myself . As expected , problem solved . I should have saved myself the trouble and the cash and simply installed a reconditioned starter myself from the beginning . Lesson learned .
 The part arrived quickly - that was great , since we 're talking about our daily driver . But , it was the wrong starter - did n't fit our vehicle . In other words , it was NOT as advertised - that was NOT great , because we 're talking about our daily driver ! However , returns were easy , and free , and that WAS great . So , customer was service was ALMOST consistently outstanding .
 This is NOT a sensor . this is the cardboard spacer only ! DO N'T ORDER IT . again THIS IS NOT A SENSOR
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 Although this filter was recommended for Ferrari 308 engines , it does not have a functioning check valve . This means that the oil flows out of the filter when the engine is not running and when you re-start the engine it will have no oil pressure for a few seconds . Not a good thing ! Not recommended for any application where the filter is installed upside down -LRB- with the threaded end facing down -RRB- .
 I took the pump to the Chrysler dealer to have them install it because removing the assembly from the fuel tank required a special tool . Once they removed it the electrical connections were not compatable . I had buy a pump from them because they would not do `` jury rigging of electrical '' in the fuel tank.Python Injection , Inc. 747-227 Precision Remanufactured OEM Fuel Pump
 Sure , it was supposed to be for my exact year/make/model and engine . and sure , it fits . But as I found out from the Hyundai dealer , it does not work properly . Apparently the Hyundai E.C.M. is quite finicky about the input it receives , and this aftermarket O2 Sensor just ca n't cut it . Wasted my time and my money and still needed to shell out the big-bucks for a genuine OE part .
 This stuff may have been good back in the day , but it is sub par for todays standards . This stuff is AGRESSIVE ! There is actual grit within the compound . I dont see many applications of this product . Other than the fact that it is cheap i would avoid it . Meguiars has much better products out there for severe to moderate defects .
 I purchased this expecting a somewhat of a higher quality item . I was very disappointed in this purchase . The material the pad is made of is really cheap , and most likely break apart in the cold . That is the main reason I have n't even used it yet . I do n't believe this item was worth the $ 25 . I recommend purchasing a higher grade item . You wo n't regret it .
 Title says it all . I tried this product on my yellow motorcycle . First I clay barred the area , then applied the New Car Glaze to half the area . Finished with a Collinite liquid wax . In the end , I could n't tell the difference between the two sides . Also , my swirls were n't really filled in . I guess I have some deep swirls though .
 I bought this air system and it did n't fit . It even came with parts that were too short . I called the manufacturer and was told it was n't made to fit exact and that it would be OK to leak air from not fitting . You can envision the rest of the conservation .
 This item is not manufactured anymore.Bought at Amazon from a buyer called ANT ONLINEIt is defectiveNo Product supportDirected Electronics wont honor warrantyAnt Online wont take it backTotal waste of time
 When I opened the module , the plastic housing clips that hold the device together broke off . It 's made of cheap/flimsy plastic . After opening the device I noticed that the internal wiring was disconnected from the circuitry panel . I 've tried contacting the manufactorer -LRB- JBS Tech -RRB- 3 times with no response . I have since ordered a similar product except the Bulldog Security brand instead of JBS Tech knock-off brand .
 I purchased this to install in an 02 Audi A6 . The Audi key fob is large and will not fit in this unit . You 'll need to buy a smaller valet key from Audi to make this work . I suspect VW 's are the same.Note that the transponder receiver is on very stiff and brittle wires which break easily - when I decided to use this on my Subaru instead , they broke , and I had to buy another unit.Next time I 'm buying something locally and having it installed .
 The best way to bypass on a car that does not use a chip in the key - Is to ohm out the wires between the ignition switch and put in a resistor that matches . A few cents and it works - found this out after trying two different by-pass units .
 I tried to install this on my 04 Honda Civic and could n't get it to work . I recommend purchasing a bypasskit , it costs a little more but you get to keep your spare key , which could cost big $ $ $ to replace .
 Had a mechanic install it , couldnt get it to work , and no tech support . Look in the paper , pay $ 129 installed .
 Okay this product does what it is supposed to do but like other comments have said it requires a spare key to put in the box and placed somewhere in the dashboard . If you 're planning to install a remote starter yourself you will most likely have to take the cover off the steering column , so save yourself the cost of this product and take that spare key , place it next to your ignition where it wo n't interfere with moving parts , secure it with some insulated copper wire , and there you have it , you 've just create your own bypass .
 Not the greatest idea to leave a key inside the car . Easily to take key and drive off . I could n't get the thing to work anyway . More of a hassle than anything . Spend the extra money and get one more vehicle specific . It will save you time and money in the log run . Trust me . Worthless product .
 I purchased this item based on a recommendation when purchasing BullDog Remote start and this item was not needed , waste of money !
 This is a piece of junk . Spare yourself the headache that comes with this product . Initially I could not get any installer who would use this bypass . I finally got one who explained to me why others would not want to use it , he gave it a try . Guess what ? the very next day , the car we installed it on had its battery run down because of this . It is also not safe because you 've to leave a spare -LRB- valet -RRB- key in the bypass . We bought a new one for $ 65 which has been working just fine . Amazon , please stop recommending this junk with the key-less entry systems you sell .
 My Installer looked at it and figured it would not work but did the installation anyway . He had to remove it and i had to spend $ 75 for a new unit from another company just complete the installation and get the car out the shop .
 DO N'T BUY THIS ITEM OR ANYTHING THAT GOES WITH IT ! it is impossible to install buy yourself without messing up your car and no car shop will install it because it 's junk . do n't waiste your money ! like i did ...
 I thought this grill screen would be molded to the shape of the grill . It is n't , just a flat piece of plastic with fasteners to attach it to the grill . It looked and fit awful . Back into the box it went and I got a full refund .
 This review is about the seller of these boots , rather than the boots themselves . 11 days ago I placed the order for these boots , never having received a shipment notification ... I emailed Motorcycle Superstore for an update . My reply from them came in the form of issuing a credit , no notifications , no explainations . While I am very pleased to have my funds returned for an item that I did not receive ... it seems to me that a communication of any sort , be it an out of stock issue or other issues that would prevent the order shipping would be a good business practice .
 Had my alarm installer put one in my Viper system . Worked well for about 1 year , then , of course , with the warranty done , the siren malfunctioned -LRB- see previous reviews of people with this problem also -RRB- . Thankfully it was inexpensive , so I purchased another , and will keep my fingers crossed . The horn is quite a bit louder than the stock horn that comes with the alarm itself , so I am giving it another chance ... so far , not impressed with DEI electronics , as I have a window module that may be faulty as well ...
 Came back to car with siren blaring and could not turn off even with siren 's key . The actual car alarm may not even have been triggered . Drove it home with siren screaming and killed siren with a screw driver and pliers -LRB- caused some smoke -RRB- . The siren 's key really needs to forcefully cut power .
 This filter does NOT fit the Mazda 6 2009 V6 as the Amazon tool indicates . Received it and discovered its about a half inch too wide . Make sure you check the Wix Filters website for compatibility rather than trusting the automatic part finder .
 I checked & double checked this item on the Amazon website BEFORE I placed the order . But this is the WRONG cabin filter for the 2007 Mazda Speed6 . When I looked for the option to return it to Amazon , the cost of shipping it back was as much as the purchase price . So now , it is on a shelf in my garage.By the way , the correct cabin filter for the Mazda Speed6 can be purchased @ Genuine Auto Parts . I used a WIX filter # 24579 .
 all time it become move from position later I fiend it not fit on my car Audi TT 2003 at all
 Not all that loud in the first place , not all that penetrating tone , died on the job after very little use time ... couple of weeks . In the trash !
 This is the first wiper blade that I have ever broken . The plastic clips on this wiper that hold it to the car 's wiper arm are very prone to failure in cold weather . Mine snapped at zero degrees for no apparent reason . Replacement blade is working fine and the blade on the passenger side -LRB- smaller at 18 '' -RRB- shows no sign of failure .
 I purchased this hoping it will last a year . But it broke about 3 months later lietrally coming apart from it 's seams . Maybe it 's just my bad luck . I purchased another brand to replace this .
 Purchased 2 of these as part of a larger installation package for a Viper 5902 system going into my 2007 Toyota 4Runner . Had a certified/reputable local stereo shop do the installation -LRB- not a big chain electronics store , but a small boutique store with an experienced installer who 's been doing installs for 20 + years -RRB- . Just about 1 year out , 1 module dies . Now , a little under 2 years out , the other module is starting to malfunction.I 've also had the backup siren from DEI go bad as well , about 1 year out.I learned my lesson the hard way -- and wo n't be going with any DEI product -LRB- Viper , etc. . . -RRB- again . Their stuff is made-in-China cheap , and you could probably source electronics from Harbor Freight Tools that would last longer . I 'm very disappointed in the price I paid for the quality of their components !
 I installed that with viper 5902 , from best buy they charge me $ 100 extra to install just this , which is twice the price of this product . It roll up the windows when you armed , but it never roll windows downward properly you have to press again and again to roll down
 No issue with the product or the seller . Shipped on time . If you have a 2008 or newer vehicle and want one-touch-up power windows w/o an alarm , then this is not the right module . When I talked to a professional installer , they could not guarantee the one-touch at the switch would work -LRB- even with an alarm -RRB- .
 This review is about the seller of these boots , rather than the boots themselves . 11 days ago I placed the order for these boots , never having received a shipment notification ... I emailed Motorcycle Superstore for an update . My reply from them came in the form of issuing a credit , no notifications , no explainations . While I am very pleased to have my funds returned for an item that I did not receive ... it seems to me that a communication of any sort , be it an out of stock issue or other issues that would prevent the order shipping would be a good business practice .
 I bought 4 of these 556 u units from this scam artist becuase i do remote starts as a side job , well i bought them in december 2011 , went to install my first remote start of the year 2012 September 29th 2012 and all of them are missing the sensor rings to go around the key cylinder ... . I got ripped off and beat on money but just for warning future buyers steer clear of this seller , there thieves and I will do all in my power to make sure they cant sell on this website , on to step 2 contacting better business bureau , then Amazon.com directly . This seller should be ashamed of themselves
 I bought few of them , but now I just make them
 The fit was identified prior to purchasing and when received it did not work , the installer verified the fit and it is supposed to fit my application .
 This `` Universal '' bypass was not universal enough to work on my 2004 Truck . Thankfully the company that installed my remote start took it in on trade .
 -LRB- update
 I purchase this for my dual sport bike . It was a waste of money . If your buying handguards spend 75 and get a decent product . These are not the quality I hoped for .
 The base of the wiper fitted correctly . However , the BMW 525i , has a rounded windshield . So even with all the pressure points , that they say it has , it does n't fit the windshield . Only the corners touches the glass , the rest not even close.So , beware , it 's not what they say it is .
 Had to put my old blades on streaked my windows . The blades where filthy . Emailed trico and they sent me anew set have n't tried them yet .
 I purchased 2 of these for my Mitsubishi Montero , Fitting and connectors were correct but for my application , the wiring was to short .
 You do not get a `` Plug and Gasket '' . They just send a gasket.You get a washer , lined with rubber .
 The compounds was probably really nice about 5 years ago ... . You can still use them if you are willing to melt it down . I put a chunk of it in glass on the stove with some veg oil and make an abrasive paste out of it for use . Performance of the abrasive is very good for achieving a polished edge on knives . However , thanks to the poor overall handling on amazon 's part -LRB- very stale product , not packed well at all -RRB- , this is a lot more trouble than it 's worth . -LRB- This was a prime order but I do n't recall 100 % if amazon stocked the item -RRB- .
 I made a mistake buying this cold air intake . I had a Roush cold air intake on my 2006 F250 it took only 30 minutes to install . I recently purchased a 2007 F250 and wanted to install another intake . I had read a bunch of reviews about the Volant about how awesome it was . None of the bolt holes lined up . I had to open up holes to make the thing screw together . Ram air lid did n't line up either . So be carefull and do your research before buying the intake . Pay a little extra for a quality intake .
 this item is not a complete air filter , it 's just the element , the 2-1/4 '' element , should not use the `` CHROME '' word to describe it , and put a just element referential photo .
 The only thing a wiper blade needs to do is to wipe water off a windshield without streaking . Unfortunately this one ca n't do that ; it leaves a streak , right at eye level , and so does the Bosch blade I bought for the passenger side.The original OEM blades for my 2009 Scion tC lasted nearly three years , and they were fantastic . Another site told me this Bosch blade was an OEM blade for my car , but I did n't discover until I took the original blades off that they were made by NWB -LRB- Nippon Wiper Blade . -RRB- That 's the brand I 'll buy next time , and I 'd recommend the same to you ... . Amazon sells those too .
 shipped fastwas new in boxWiper steaks like crazyhad it over 2 months now ...
 The only thing a wiper blade needs to do is to wipe water off a windshield without streaking . Unfortunately this one ca n't do that ; it leaves a streak , right at eye level , and so does the Bosch blade I bought for the driver side.The original OEM blades for my 2009 Scion tC lasted nearly three years , and they were fantastic . Another site told me this Bosch blade was an OEM blade for my car , but I did n't discover until I took the original blades off that they were made by NWB -LRB- Nippon Wiper Blade . -RRB- That 's the brand I 'll buy next time , and I 'd recommend the same to you .
 These wipers are very streaky . I have had these wipers for two days , and they have gotten progressively more streaky . When I first put them on , and tried them out in the rain -LRB- Seattle , WA -RRB- , they worked good for the first 15 minutes . After that , the first streak appeared . Later , the next day , I have several streaks . I checked the wiper to see if some debris was causing the streaks , only to have my fingers come away from the wipers all covered in black . Ergo , as well as being streaky , they are disintegrating .
 This is not the right size for a ACURA TSX . It will not fit . It is longer than the OEM wiper . Other than that the wiper quality is good .
 I ordered this item and blade was too long , but in correct packaging . Actual blade in package is 17 '' long and will not fit vehicle . This is a manufacturer problem and has nothing to do with Amazon .
 I order one of these wipers for the passenger side of my H3 Hummer . What I received was a 17 '' wiper packaged in a 16 '' package . The wiper will not work . I order a replacement from Amazon and received another 17 '' wiper in a 16 '' package . No joke . This is obviously a manufacturer problem . Bosch Excel + wipers are the best wipers I have every used , but when I keep getting the wrong sized wiper ... it is a problem !
 Search on youtube for Fram filters . The video take aparts are not friendly towards Fram at all . My mechanic swears by these , but judging from the videos they are made very cheaply nowadays . Spend a little more and get a good Wix or Napa filter instead , your car will run better for it !
 Ordered these through Amazon and ended up returning them . The part number on the box was the same as what the site shows , but no where on the box did it state these were TitaniuMetallic2 Brake Pads . All it says on the box is `` Bendix O.E. Formulated Brake Pads '' . And these are not the split pad , riveted pads as the description would have you believe . These look like a regular set of bonded pads which you can get for half the price.I am giving these a low rating because I do n't even know if these are suppose to be what I ordered . They look completely different so I did n't install them , thus I ca n't comment on the actual performance of the pads .
 UPDATE
 The muffler material is very brittle , if you try to expand the inlet and outlet for the pipes to fit in it will crack . . overtime the muffler case will crack and this muffler will rust from the inside out . spend a little more and get the magna flows with the better material . . Do n't cheap out on the muffler unless you plan on selling your car within a couple years . .
 This is listed as fitting a RTodeo , but it has a 4 square not 4 straight connector , and thus this will not fit . Buy the Bosch OE fit .
 Not as good as it seemed , would have liked a better fit . Not pleased , will not but this item from Amazon sellers again .
 All you need is a razor blade scraper , a blow dryer to loosen the film and a bit of elbow grease . The ammonia and water spray help too but you can make your own &#34; kit &#34; cheaper then this .
 My tint was horrible . So i bought this . It really did nothing . i did all the work i scraped at it for hours . PAIN . so i used a water bottle because i ran out of the stuff in an hr because the bottle is so puny . Water worked just as good . Blade that came with gets loose and continually falls out POS . But needless to say i got it all done . All it is , is ammonia just like any window cleaner rip off . It says to let it set so i did nothing happens its says you may have to do it more than once i did nothing happened so i just started scraping , so i got it done .
 i did n't get the results i wanted . i have a 2.5 litter diesel engine and i really thought that i would give more power or a better acceleration but it did n't ... it reduced the power a little ... the engine now produces less gases but its not working as i wanted ... i 'll need to replace it again . .
 Straps are fine , however it you look closely , it does not include the most important part of the strap . That would be the part with the threaded rod for the front strap , which is the piece that will twist off when you try to remove it . The rod is attached to the &#34; hanging &#34; part of the strap and is not something that is easily fabricated . This makes the purchase basically worthless .
 The picture shows a pulley , two clevis ' , and a strap.It is only a bag . Very disappointed !
 when purchasing produce was told it would fit , come to find out it was for a extend cap 1995 , Cost just as much to send back so I kept them
 Used the cover once on my Ford Mustang and in a moderate wind it tore completely at one corner rendering it unusable . I would not buy this product again .
 I WENT TO A LOCAL STORE AND PURCHASED A SUPER TURBO , WASNT AS LOUD AS I WANTED ... GOOD PERFORMANCE ON A BUDGET THOUGH .
 They are lights but they have no brightness to them . I had them installed on the rear of my truck to help me see more when backing up and the back up lights of my truck were brighter .
 Look nice and fit in the grill like stock . But as for light output ... lousy . Kept tuning lights on and off and noticed NO difference from just having on low beams . Worthless as far as lighting goes ... will look into trying a 100 watt bulb if possible .
 I mounted these and they are very little output . I do not recommend these lights at all . I will be replacing them as soon as I can since they are not water tight . I have water marks inside because the rubber backing is n't tight . The wires are about 6 feet long so plan on purchasing your own wires to run the leads . Again , They are not bright at all and just add a little light between the front of the truck and where my drive lights start which I ca n't see over the nose of the pickup anyways .
 Not as good as it seemed , would have liked a better fit . Not pleased , will not but this item from Amazon sellers again .
 The filter itself is excellent but the filter oil caused all the intake sensors in my Mercedes and Jaguar to report errors . My older cars are fine since they do n't have sensors in the intake lines . Mist a VERY THIN oil layer over the surface of the filter on the side that facing away from the intake then you will be fine . Also , misting the filter with too much oil will defeat the high flow feature of the filter .
 If you make $ 2 an hour then it would worth to buy and use K&N ; product . It is messy , the spray bottle does not spray properly ; the time it takes to dry . All in all the whole process is too much hassle.The skin of my hand is dry because of the drip from the cleaner bottle.NOT WORTH IT !
 Not as good as it seemed , would have liked a better fit . Not pleased , will not but this item from Amazon sellers again .
 I expected a box of two filters for that price since there are two in the picture . I will not pay $ 18 for one filter again .
 This was a gift for my grandson 's first vehicle , an old well used Ford Ranger . The description &#34; front bench &#34; is n't accurate according to him . Would not fit they are made for BUCKET seats.Amazon of course took care of the problem and gets FIVE stars for their service .
 1 second temp reading is completely false . Myself and second competition BBQ ' r tested this thermometer with dissapointing results . Room temp of 84 degrees to glass of ice water 33 degrees to over 30 seconds . Readout is nice and unit seems well built , but 1 second claim is totally off . I would return unit if it were not such a hassle .
 Always trying to save a buck . I 've got the real Thermapen and love it . I picked up one of these for the RV thinking I was clever . $ 40 mistake . I agree with the other reviewer , the Extech takes about 30 seconds to read a temperature , the real Thermapen is 3 or 4 seconds . There are other thermometers out there for about $ 15 that will read in 10 seconds so I would n't waste $ 39 on this Extech thing again . This is a bad , cheap knock-off that is obviously designed by Extech to appear to be the Thermapen . In reality , it 's worth about $ 15 and they 're scamming you $ 40 because it looks like the Thermapen . After I got it , I found reviews on BBQ forums that evaluate all the differences . Buy the real Thermapen if you have the money . If you do n't , get the CDN or a different Thermoworks , or one of the others on amazon .
 I tried it too . It took near 30 seconds to register 0C for the ice water . The 1 second response time is how often the display updates , not how long it takes to get an accurate reading . Let 's leave this one for the HVAC techs .
 The picture is of the rear seat but the product sent to us is the front seats ! Fabric is great but did n't try to put it on b/c we do n't need the front seat covers .
 I ordered these tension bars because they are the perfect size to fit between the beams in my pantry . 2 of the 3 work perfectly and am currently using them to hang my cleaning supplies - very happy with those 2 . Unfortunately the 3rd bar in the package is defective ; it clicks and loses tension when I try to install it .
 In general , I 'm sure the product is fine . Shipping was fast , the price is right . One minor detail , I had input my vehicle information and was told that this part would fit on my car . It was wrong . Not a huge deal , but when your car is not running and you are counting on a part , it 's really annoying . Refund was handled quickly , just note that this part does not fit on a 2008 Scion xB as advertised .
 This stopper is not useful for SUV . It 's not high enough and you do n't feel a thing even if you go over it .
 The actual size of the item is 2 3/8 '' x 1 1/4 '' x 3/4 '' . These are tiny at best . Can probably only be used for very small detail work . I did not use them since I was concerned that the edges would cause more damage then good .
 I gave this one 1 star , not because of it 's quality , but this misleaded me . I thought it was a block big enough , ja ! ja ! When I received it , my surprise !
 When the product arrived , I was disappointed that the rubber coating over the metal framework was damaged -LRB- looked as though it had been sliced away with a knife -RRB- and there was rust on the metal underneath . I probably should have returned it , but for the price it was n't worth the time and effort to repackage , pay postage and mail it back.And while the rack might be strong enough to hold a few chairs , the design requires that you bungie the rack to the ladder , and then bungie the chairs to the rack . After one short trip I took the rack off and simply bungied the chairs directly to the ladder . Works just as well .
 The actual size of the item is 2 3/8 '' x 1 1/4 '' x 3/4 '' . These are tiny at best . Can probably only be used for very small detail work . I did not use them since I was concerned that the edges would cause more damage then good .
 Non-remarkable . Plastic is old-school brittle Chinese rubbish . NOT a durable item . Looks like they changed the `` bread board '' type inputs to probe - a good thing . The manual is rubbish , horrible translation . The zipper on the case broke before I got the meter out . I returned it .
 What good is it to sell a product that I want , if you can not get the items that go with it.I have a 9 inch holder now , but both Kroger and Publix seem to only have 8.5 and 10 inch plates . The holder I have is at least ten years old , so I thought I would need to buy a new one , but it seems I am wrong.Your manufacturer needs to do some product reviews in the stores that sell the plates .
 My review of the product will unfortunately have to wait until I receive a replacement . This item arrived used , with a sticky yellow food substance all over it . I just about died when I reached into the box to pull out the plate holder , and my hand became coated with the gooey substance . I have no idea what it was , but it was CLEARLY an old and VERY used plate holder . I was shocked that this could get into an Amazon.com warehouse , and was sent to a customer as new ! Hoping the replacement is an actual new item .
 I did n't care for this paper plate popper . It just does n't work .
 This thing did n't work . The construction was shoddy , and at best it flickered on once .
 The pants were too large . I tried to return them to the vendor Extrememoto but I did not get any response to my multiple email messages.Shame on you Extrememoto and Amazon !
 From the way the ad in AMAZON was placed for this item I thought I was ordering 5 sanding blocks . But ... . I only received one block . You guys were great all the way through but did n't understand that the ad shows 5 items and says `` blocks '' . You sent me the exact same item to make up for the item I said was wrong and I greatly appreciate this effort ... . I do . But I 'm sure someone in the future is going to make the same mistake.It is OK . I 'll live with what I have received but it was definitely misrepresented in the picture and wordage online.Thank you for everything just the same.Jimmy Wilson
 The actual size of the item is 2 3/8 '' x 1 1/4 '' x 3/4 '' . These are tiny at best . Can probably only be used for very small detail work . I did not use them since I was concerned that the edges would cause more damage then good .
 I bought this about a month ago and installed it . First , it was impossible to keep it on the wall . It kept falling off every time we tried to take a bag out . Secondly , it was too difficult to put a bag in it . I had to stuff it in there . It wasnt worth my money . Now I just use a plastic bag and stuff the other ones in it .
 We started with this one but were loathe to drill into the door to secure it . We tried double sided tape but the plastic was warped and curved and would not stay . This product is cheap -LRB- in every sense -RRB- . It does not hold that many bags and is a bit of a pain to use since it does not hold that much and you really have to push and pull to get the bags in and out . We replaced it with a metal version that hangs over the top of the door and is working much better .
 Would have given it 0 stars if I could . Wanted it for all the plastic trash bags I have piled in my pantry . It arrived today and I was disappointed in the poor quality and very flimsy plastic . The installation directions on the package were for a different type of bag holder !? What 's that about ? I 'm not going to return a $ 6 item but I 'm sure this piece of junk is not going to hold up for more than a week or two . Even with gentle tugging it nearly snapped off the wall . I 'm ordering the Simplehuman bag holder .
 I ordered this because I had seen something similar at a friends house . It arrived with no instructions or hardware . Very disappointed ! I am not going to bother returning because it less than $ 10 . Going to look for something else .
 THIS ITEM WAS NOT WHAT WAS IN THE PHOTO AND WAS NOT WHAT I ORDERED . . I RE ORDERED THIS ITEM AND AGAIN I RECIEVED THE WRONG PART SO I WENT TO THE LOCAL DODGE DEALER AND PICKED UP A SET FOR LESS $ $ $ . .
 Piece of CRAP.Advertised as walnut - actually is stained poplar.Worst part of it all is the wood grip is not attached correctly to the metal frame.It 's off center by about 1/16 - 3/32 '' making the grip feel wrong . Plus the rivet holes in the wood grip are chipped and they stained right over it . Looks cheep.Save your money , buy another brand .
 I FINALLY got my boyfriend to help me replace this on my car . I have a 1999 Ford Explorer and this is not the right rear wiper arm . The Amazon Part Finder tool said this would fit my car , and it does not ! The base is not at the right angle , which makes the wiper float about 1 to 2 inches away from my window . I then compared it to the original arm , and there is clearly a difference . Now that we waited too long , I can not return it - my fault for assuming I got the right item and did not rush into installing it . What a waste of money , and now I have an arm that is useless to me . Beware - it might not fit your car either , even though the Part Finder says it does .
 I was using these jacks to lift a 3000 sedan on a clean level garage.The teath on the first jack bent after about 1/4 the way up.The second jack collapsed while lowering the car . This would have killed anyone under the car . The screw that drives the jack striped and exploded out of the jack .
 I ordered two sets of these from Amazon for use leveling a tiny house on a trailer that I am building . At the time I purchased them , the total weight of the trailer was just 3000 lbs . The jacks started breaking at the very first use . The hardware that holds the hex head onto the handle sheared off . This happened eventually on all four handles . The jacks were also extremely difficult to turn . Needless to say , these were returned to Amazon immediately . Do yourself a favor , and buy something that 's more expensive and better quality .
 I received a padded envelope with ONE -LRB- 1 -RRB- lug bolt in it . The lug bolt was correct , but the cost is clearly for a set and not a lug bolt . Amazon was good about refunding me immediately , but they were unable to explain what happened . I have not yet re-ordered since the product description has not been changed to include the quantity of lug bolts .
 They are heavy duty and will support what it says it will . However , one of mine had the center post welded on upside down . I did n't really notice it until after 30 days had passed , so was stuck with them . It was awkward using them and in most cases I was able to make do . But I ended up giving them away .
 This is light bar started out working really well and gives me a clearly lighted path across both lanes of a small highway . The problem is that I have been using this light bar on my 1100 V-star for over six months now and I keep having the same issue with the right side light bulb just going out . When I take the light apart , I find that the $ 9 bulbs are what keep breaking . After replacing two of these bulbs , I had all of the wiring on my bike checked to be sure there were no problems there . Thinking that maybe there is a vibration causing the bulbs to break , I have double checked that the bar is secure , properly installed and that both lights on the bar are tight . After all of these checks and the continuation of the filaments breaking in the bulb of the same light , I believe there may be an electrical flaw with the light bar itself . The customer service for this company is basically non-exhistant . I have now contacted Midwest Discount Cycle twice by e-mail and have received absolutely no response . My recommendation , if you are a fan of the Cobra brand like I am , then look for a different seller than Midwest Discount Cycle to purchase this product .
 The O2 sensor catolog from B/A had my sensor P.N. cataloged wrong . Turns out , they do not even stock my P.N. yet . I got ahold of the O2 sensor catolog guy at Beck , he was helpful in finding out that the part was wrong but he did not have a P.N. to send me . -LRB- He would have if he had it -RRB- . Partsboulavard -LRB- vendor -RRB- is taking the part back and promised to credit my account .
 I purchased Wave 6 heater , heater cover and leg stands . Leg stands are nor drilled correctly to match up with with holes in heater base .
 The legs had been repackaged , they did n't fit as is . I drilled new holes and made it fit ! This was easier than trying to send it back !
 These Cameco leg stands 57701 are a univeral fit for Wave Catalitic 3 , 4 or 6 . The Cameco company sells one for each series so these fit but were larger than they needed to be . Buyer Beware !
 A waste of money . The mat was a poor fit -LRB- e.g. , holes did not line up with the vents -RRB- . And the fabric retained a bumpy look ; it would not lay flat even after I tried to steam it and leave it out in the open to flatten . In desperation , I tried to iron it , which was a mistake because the patch I ironed ended up with a melted look . I wasted so much time working with the fabric , thinking it would `` relax '' if I just left it alone . After a year , I gave up and dumped the thing .
 Fit was okay for my 2009 Civic , but material -LRB- carpet -RRB- was very flimsy , so much so that you could easily see light through it . I returned it for a refund and will look elsewhere for a dashboard cover of higher quality .
 Wire loom is wire loom - just make sure this product meets your heat and diameter specs . In this case , at $ 10 for 50 feet it was the cheapest available . The ONLY reason I rated it so low is because shipping was 72 % of the cost and the item was not double packaged and was only shipped with a shipping sticker on the outside of its original packaging AND the item was shipped late and arrived late . In addition , since I ordered two , I was charged twice for the shipping cost when the boxes were merely taped together and a shipping sticker was slapped on the outside .
 Got the wrong item and the wrong quatity based on their add . When contacted all they did was give me my money back ... cheap way out of fixing a problem ... I do not recommend them .
 I ordered this Kats 11409 engine heater for my 2006 Ford Fusion , which has a 2.3 liter 4 cylinder engine , with a manual transmission . Despite what the Amazon guide said , this DOES NOT FIT my vehicle . As I later discovered , the heating element on the Kats heater is about '' TOO LONG . When installed , it bottomed out and cracked off inside the engine , would not heat , and began to leak coolant . Fortunately , I had the car parked inside one day , so I discovered the leak before all my coolant could have run out and destroyed my engine . After removing it I ordered a factory made one directly from Ford , and was able to figure out the problem . I 'm not happy with this product . Save yourself the trouble , and buy one directly from the manufacturer of your vehicle instead . It will save you a lot of possibly very expensive trouble . This product is `` fit for the pit '' .
 Do n't buy it . It 's going to make you waste your money on junk that 's not compatible with the vehicle . This thing sucks ...
 The dash mat was good quality but did not fit my rav4 it was not even close . Air vent holes were square when mine ar round and the contour of the mat was not even close . Beware this is not for 2012 model . And even though there was free shipping still cost me to send back .
 The Camco cover 57713 for the Wave 3 is a universal one that Amazon sells , its large for my unit , one size really does not fit-all well . The Cameco company sells a cover for all the various models 3,6 and 8 . Buyer beware .
 Guess u do get what u pay for , made cheap `` metal '' feels like u can bend it with ur hand . Hopefully thought works
 This product states that it has both front and back seat covers , NO BACK SEAT COVERS WERE INCLUDED . I tried to get a refund on this item but that option isnt even available . On the bright side the front seat covers are great and fit perfectly.It is just really irritating to me that I did n't get what I paid for .
 I purchased these for my '02 Liberty Renegade to swap out the garbage stock MOPAR/Jeep two-piece nuts . Sure , they look great when you put them on , but I am writing this in late December after about 4-6 weeks -LRB- at most -RRB- of snowfall here in WI and the subsequent salt wash that ensues . These things are already rusting like crazy ! I only put them on earlier this year in mid-late summer , so this is the first winter they have seen , and the ONLY one they will see . I am now going to swap these things out ASAP in the spring . Save your money if you are in a northern climate .
 Products came on time . What came is not what was in description . Received much smaller cover instead . Understand why price was so cheap now
 I just received these and pulled one out of the package and went to my tool chest and I CAN fit a socket easily into the area where a tuner key splined lug nut is housed in the middle of the sleeved lock . Of course what this means is that the purpose of the exterior guard that will spin and therefore protect the thief from hammering on an undersized socket onto splined the lug nut is useless and in fact , as I see it , it may even provide a handy guide for the under sized socket hammering ! No doubt the interior splined lug is keyed to the enclosed socket that fits inside the sleeve , but essentially it 's no different than any other uniquely keyed splined lug , only heavier because of the added useless sleeve . I suppose it 's good in case the thief uses vise grips . For that I will give it a couple of stars .
 Did not work . Search engine too deceptive and gave false information ; It 's like pushing the product on the buyer by giving him the false impression that this is the right thing for him ,
 Amazon says that these will fit my 2009 Honda Pilot , but they do n't . Gorilla 's own guide shows that the right size is 14x1 .5 , which I 've confirmed online . Will see if Amazon will agree to accept these back at their expense .
 Gorilla Automotive 61631 Acorn Guard Locks -LRB- 12mm x 1.50 '' Thread Size -RRB- - Pack of 4 - False Advertising , Does not fit BMW . Product chart for Model of Car is incorrect . After ordering these online , I tried to put these on my car and was unable to figure it out . I then took my car to the Mechanic and he said these parts do not fit my BMW . So now me and my friends are stuck with these because 30 days has passed and it is too late to return . HOW DOES AMAZON GET AWAY WITH FALSE ADVERTISING PRODUCT MODEL SPECIFICATIONS ?
 I was very optimistic when purchasing these particular wheel locks ; the rims on my 2011 Honda Fit are among the most frequently stolen in Boston , and Gorilla 's write-up of this product -LRB- along with additional reviews on the web -RRB- instilled in me the confidence that these would most certainly deter even a good crook from copping my rims.Upon receiving them , they looked of sound quality , and I was excited to install them . I had to separately purchase acorn to ball seat adapter washers in order to properly install them on my Fit , which adds an additional ~ 1/16 inch to the entire assembly . The key is a little wobbly when fully inserted into the collar , making installation more difficult than with most wheel locks . I was unsettled by how far off the rim these locks protruded -LRB- they 're rather long -RRB- , but installed them nonetheless and frequently monitored to make sure they did not loosen.They have been on my car for about two months now and I just took them off today , replacing them with the manufacturer lug nuts . There are spots of rust not only on the collar , but also on the interior grooves over which the key slides . I am disappointed that after just two months , these locks are already shot , and do n't want to chance leaving them on into the winter when they are most likely to corrode even faster . If you live in an area that is not so frequently salted/sanded as Boston , they might be better suited for your needs , but my unfortunately recommendation would be to save your money and look for an alternative brand .
 Not the usual style for securing anti-theft locks on wheels . The wheel nut pivets/moves on a collar -LRB- which is meant to defeat anyone trying to get it off conventionally -RRB- . Not sure this approach is wise for wet or wintery climates . Crucial not to lose the wrench extension needed to attach to such locks .
 These locks are too long ! They stick out . I wish they made these locks in the same length as the regular lugnuts .
 The pictures and video looked very close to the factory mudguards . I was completely wrong ! I had to drill some holes extra holes , and position it a certain way to even fit . In the end , I just removed them because the look was n't right . Same some your money and just buy the factory OEM mudguards . It will save you some time during installation , and look better.Two stars just because the material of the mudguards it quite good . Otherwise I would rate zero stars for the fit and look .
 I searched and reviewed several befor purchasing these on the web . I ordered specific for my model and wanted them to match the factory ones on the front . Based on the title and picture they appeared to be exactly what I wanted ; but when I received them they were ` custom formed ' on the fender side - yet OPEN on the tire side . They did not match so I had to purchase a good quality set of rubber mats and glue them to the tire side to make them look a bunch better . Not sure what the manufacturer was thinking since the tire side would collect mud and snow on the exposed lip .
 When I purchased the mass air flow there is a setting that allows you to check if it fits your car . I selected in the model , make and year of my car and it said it fit . Needless to say the part was way too big . Because I 'm in a different state than my car it took me some time to figure this out . Now I must return it after the return deadline and am stuck with the same dilemma of finding the correct mass air flow .
 This product states that it has both front and back seat covers , NO BACK SEAT COVERS WERE INCLUDED . I tried to get a refund on this item but that option isnt even available . On the bright side the front seat covers are great and fit perfectly.It is just really irritating to me that I did n't get what I paid for .
 It is not a cover , but more like a cutting board that sits on top the stove grate and is much higher than the surrounding area.must be stored when moving as it will fall off .
 I bought this locally , not through Amazon , and if there are any better options , I ca n't find them . Vista-Pro , Spectra , Murray , Visteon , etc. all have the exact same picture and specifications . This is a two-pass parallel-flow condenser . The original from GM is a multi-pass serpentine condenser . I bought it for my '91 Caprice , so I assume it 's supposed to fit ' 91 - '93 GM B-bodies . First off , it does n't really fit . It 's about 1/4 '' narrower than the original condenser , so it does n't line up with the mounting cushions , and it 's about half as thick as the original condenser , so it flops around in the one set of cushions you can put it in . The inlet and outlet connections are shorter than the originals and at the wrong angles . The line from the compressor is a hose , so it 's not really a problem , but I wasted a lot of time reshaping the liquid line to the evaporator so it would fit.Secondly , it does n't work at idle . I never had any problems with the original condenser and an R134a conversion , but when I installed this thing , it ca n't keep the high side pressure in check at low engine speeds . My car does n't have a high side pressure switch , so it goes sailing right past 400psi at idle . It looks like I 'm going to need to add an auxiliary electric fan or discharge the system and add a high side cut-out switch to keep the system from exploding at idle.In short , it works fine driving on the highway , but it fits very poorly , and you ca n't use the A/C while idling unless you spend another $ 150 + to keep the high side pressure in check.And it 's made in China ...
 The product summary does n't explain that these are actually 2-ply cloths that are stitched together along the edges . Sounds good in theory , but when they are washed , the two pieces of fabric separate and it is nearly impossible to get them to align again . Sort of like a sock with the top stitched closed that you ca n't flatten . The result is a cloth that is n't flat and therefore difficult to polish with.I would NOT recommend this product to anyone .
 I purchased one of these for my travel trailer . It came in a very large box . I opened the box and found the corner of the grille had been bent . I wrote twice and about this issue and have not heard back on either . I 'm not at all happy about being ignored about this issue .
 I carefully read the reviews posted before mine , then ordered the screen saver to protect our new camper door from our dog . When the product arrived I was not happy with the quality . The screening was dented , the supports around the outside were bent . My husband and I had to modify the whole thing to make it fit our `` standard '' camper door . Since Camco imports the screen savers from China , I will no longer order from Camco . It 's obvious this company 's quality control is lacking . It 's the first product I 've ordered through Amazon that was so poorly made with such a ridiculously high price .
 The box this screen was packaged in was to big and the screen was damaged.I was able to repair it and it fit fine . The finish and quality was fair . Would n't buy another one ...
 Horrible product , waste of money . The first use while washing my boat the brushe came completely off and went into the lake !
 I installed one of these in a 2000 Yukon . Freeze plug type heater installed easily . But the wiring that plugs into the heater is very difficult to get on , but once on is too loose to stay in place.I ordered a replacement but the second cord had the same issue . I checked to see if it worked by putting the vehicle on a ramp and leaving it plugged in overnight . The block was still cold the next morning , the plug was loose and would n't stay attached , and the wire sparked when I wiggled it.I 'm going to pull the wire . No sense in removing and and returning the second heater because it 'll cost me more in coolant than I 'll get in refund.I wo n't buy one of these again and I wo n't recommend them to anyone .
 Installed it and followed the installation instructions and it didnt work didnt even get warm dont buy one very disappointed .
 this is the wrong item for the 6.0 motor it is a screw in type there are no frost plugs on this motor
 The cable looks nice but does not work for my SUV . I need a 6-gauge cable to jump start . This is not really 6-gauge , like other reviewer said , 8-gauge at best , maybe 10-gauge . If you need a 6-gauge cable , do n't buy this one .
 It is Short shock for jeep wrangler Without lifts on stock YJ it Cant fit no way maybe on JK its good fit but not for YJat all shock is very cool and qualiti i orderd 4 of this 2 of front ones 2 of rear ones , the front ones fit perfectli and working proffesionallynow i should sell this shock in georgia cos i cant return cos shipping price is 50 $ for two of this to by another for Good Wrangler YJ FIT just it needs Longer one with about 4-5 inch more hightshock is made in japan
 I thought these bars would be a great idea to stop a deluge of items falling from the camper fridge after we arrived . Unfortunately in our small fridge they do n't stay in place , they just slip off unless I really firmly screw them in , bending the fridge walls . I 've had to put rubber stops on the ends to hold them in place which defeats the purpose of an easy install and fix .
 Received the delivery on time . Product is not what I expected . Loaded into spray washer and it sprayed foam and dissipated in minutes . Did not see any miracle cleaning . Just like dish soap .
 Every walk in car supply place carries Dura Lube products whether it be parts are maintenance supplies . You can even find the polish , but you ca n't find the car wash anywhere , but on line . My husband swears by it . We have decade old cars that look practically new except for the usual wear of debris scratches . This is an exellant product .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I used to think this helped get more gas mileage and I put it in all my cars . But I do n't really believe that anymore and the last couple cars I have n't used it and they run real well anyway . I mean it has n't hurt any of the cars I used it on . It 's just that other people with the same kind of car were getting similar performance without it . And some of the recent articles I 've read are somewhat skeptical about it 's claims and I have no proof that it did anything but cost me money for not much benefit .
 i got this item on time and the product looks good and high qualityhowever it was worthless for me since it dos n't fit my car . in the site it says fits your car but in real life it dos n't -LRB- not even close -RRB- also you ca n't contact them , to solve this i must return it but im not in the US so i ca n'tbe aware if you won a germen car it mustly will not fit .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Compared to a 7 year old `` Absorber '' that is in tatters , this thing does not wick nearly as much liquid . Must ring out more often to get the same results .
 I bought this to do 12V to 240V at 50Hz - do not buy this if you wan na do that!This is just not worth it - look somewhere else , you have been warned !
 We bought this heater for our travel trailer . We enjoy `` dry camping '' -LRB- no power or water -RRB- in the the desert during the winter and needed a heat source that does not run down our batteries . The heater is ideal from that respect . It does not require a blower and it does not use power to control the flame.It worked well for us at first . After a month or so of regular use we noticed that it started to smell and then our carbon monoxide detector alarm sounded in the middle of the night warning of carbon monoxide levels high enough to kill . -LRB- Would n't you know it , it was the coldest night we ever experienced in the desert , -18 degrees !! -RRB- Camping often means dusty conditions . It is not stated in the on-line specifications or mentioned in the reviews or in the manufactures description that this heater is not suitable for dusty conditions . Only by careful reading of the operation manual can this be discovered . We went ahead and installed the heater hoping that we could keep the dust down . Although we thought we were being careful by keeping it covered when not in use and practiced good housekeeping , the heater failed because the catalyst got `` poisoned '' . Once it failed we found that the warranty does not cover catalyst poisoning and it was too late to return it . We now have a heater that we can not use because of high carbon monoxide levels.Be aware that this heater can be deadly . In a dust-free environment the heater will probably give years of use , but if you plan to use this heater , or any catalytic heater for camping , be aware of the limitations , check the operation manual before you buy it and use a CO detector .
 I could not believe how poorly made this productor is . The attachment holes on the heater body do not align up to those on the legs , furthermore , when the bolts were tightened , the nuts fell off from the retaining clips to prevent them from spinning , making the legs useless . The fit and finish of metal work is so poor the heater looks like a bad lemon car made in the 1980s . I would not recommend this product to anyone . Looks like Cameco has been making and selling junks over the years .
 I actually have one of these in my ATV hauler camp trailer and it works great , but we bought this one for our enclosed trailer that is smaller but all open and it does n't heat it very good .
 Item does n't live up to claims . 3000 does n't heat area for which they claim . For the extreme price the knob to start and adjust heat does n't work . Called manufacturer and they sent me another , supposedly new and improved . Did n't work either . Only part of the heater actually heats up . Market is slim pickin 's but if I had it to do over I 'd search and buy else where .
 in the late 90s a friend gave me a used wave 8 , which turned out to be the best heater ever -LSB- reliable , low fuel consumption -RSB- working very well for my needs in snow country . it uses no power , so is great for off the grid living . however my new in the box wave 3 turned out to be more like a `` cheap copy '' of the wave 8 . it warms up to operating temp to slow and flames until then . it even set the plastic knob ablaze . once running it heats well . are the new ones made in some 3rd world country?update : the more I use this heater the worse it gets . it consumes fuel at several times the rate of my old wave8 while making much less heat Camco has managed to ruin a very good product line purchased by them from Olympic . I hope to get this defective unit replaced under warranty , be cause it set in the box months before the weather pressed me to bust it out .
 The heater arrived with a non-functioning lighter . This was to say the least disappointing and annoying . A replacement just arrived an installation instructions are supposed to be included - we 'll see . It appears a fair amount of dismantling will be required to replace the lighter . This is not good for a $ 200 + brand new heater . The technician was quick to mail me a new part but made no offer to repair the heater and/or cover the shipping costs . I 'd think twice before I purchased a similar product .
 The heater was installed to replace an Olympian 6100 that was old . There was no need to do any modification to the gas lines . The heater caused the carbon monoxide alarm in my trailer to trip repeatedly . When lighting it , flames would `` dance '' across the pad . I called a gas technician and he told me not to use the heater as it was unsafe . Returned for credit.I have my doubts about this type of heater . Because it is a radiant heater , it only provides warmth when you are directly in front of it .
 First , the heater took longer to arrive than expected , which meant some cold nights while shipping direct from the manufacturer was delayed . So this unsatisfactory customer service from Camco , not an issue with the heater itself . Except ... The heater arrived directly from the manufacturer with a non-functional ignition mechanism . Customer support was closed for much of December , which meant many more cold nights . Eventually we got a replacement part for free , and I repaired the unit myself . So far , not a great investment.We 're in a temperate climate , so I expected the heater to warm my RV easily , but in practice we had to point it directly at the sleeping quarters and keep it running at 70 % all night , so we went through 20 lb of propane per week . Not too efficient , and at this point I 'm not pleased . This massive Wave 8 heater was performing far lower than expected.Then mice got into the heater while in storage and tore up the delicate heating pad . The protective cover -LRB- an additional expense -RRB- did not protect the heater from this invasion , the critters wiggled right in.So for only the second season with the unit , I will have to pay to ship it both ways to and from the manufacturer at substantial expense to have them professionally replace the heating pad.Instead , I will purchase a competitor 's product for the same cost of the repair plus shipping and take my chances.This was an expensive failed experiment at heating my RV , but it gets a star for keeping us warm part of one winter .
 Our friends have this heater and they love it . We did n't . It is hard to get lit . Did not heat our RV . We were told our RV is too big for it . We have a 40ft . After we had it for 1 week , it would n't stay lit . Told by manufacturer that it was the control knob . They were going to send us a new one . We never received it . Not sure they ever sent it . Once the MH is warm it will keep it warm but it takes forever if you start with it cold . Even though we have the overhead vent cracked and a side window cracked , if the heater is run on high for very long it sets off our co detectors . We are returning it . My husband gave it a 1 , I would probably give it a 2 . It did n't work for us but it might work for someone else .
 I have purchased this device and regret it . It puts out a weird smell that I have never encountered before . The heating pad seems to be working at about a 15 % efficiency and does not evenly heat . The heat output is nowhere near what I heard other buyers describe . The manufacturer seems like really nice folk and they will fix the unit they say and even pay for shipping . The problem is that this is my primary heat source and it will be about a two week turn around . I live in the middle of nowhere where electrical blackouts are reality so I am faced with purchasing a second propane unit to have heat for two weeks while this one is being made right obsessively . The manufacturer is sympathetic , but will offer no plan to keep me warm for that two weeks other than the comforting statement that it is cold where they live too . I wish there where still American companies who could stand behind there work . My as well buy a product made in China if the quality here is a thing of the past . Call the manufacturer to discuss there faulty catalytic pad problem before risking money on any heater from CAMCO.Dan Marshall
 I have just purchaded the Olympian RV Wave 3 Gas Catalytic Heater . I had a terrible time getting the correct hose and connections . After I finally got it going I find that it does not eluminate with heat . Part of the front does not get red hot even on high . I am going to return the unit as not satifactory . It does light quickly and does heat , but does not heat the entire front of coach - 40ft . I will ask for a replacement or money back .
 I bought the IDQ super sealer kit from Midway Auto Parts for my 1988 Ford F-150 , a 23 year old R-12 a/c system , one that has performed flawlessly for 23 years , with only a minor refrigerant leak . I followed the manufacturer 's directions precisely as they were spelled out , the super sealer worked well for 2-3 days and the super sealer clogged up my a/c system 's expansion valve rendering it useless , and in essence , ruining my a/c system , and all of my expensive , and very rare R-12 refrigerant . The irony behind this story is that there is no cheap , and quick fix to a tiny a/c refrigerant leak , anything that 's powerful enough to seal a high pressure refrigerant leak can also seal your a/c system 's internal functioning devices as it did with mine . I knew better , but , I was trying to take the easy , and cheap , way out , but now I know there is no cheap , and easy way out of an a/c leak , just spend the money , and have it repaired by qualified a/c service technicians . Dr. Lavert Robertson ND
 Not only is this a scam ... . it does not even come close to working on R22 refridgerant , the `` money back guarantee '' does not come ... . just excuses . After a lot of lost R22 and a lot of time , I finally called an expert and he fixed the tiny hole and recharged the unit . Now it works like new . Almost $ 400 later I have learned my lesson . If it seems too good to be true ... . IT IS !!!
 I INSTALLED AS DIRECTED ON MY BOAT A/C AND IT WAS WORKING OK UNTILL I WENT BACK THE NEXT WEEKEND TURN THE A/C ON AND IT KICKED MY BREAKER AFTER CHECKING THIS OUT I FOUND THAT MY COMPRESURE WAS LOCKED UP .
 fitting provided does not fit the low side of r 12 system and yet is advertised to be both for r 22 and r 12 as a result I was never able to get it into the system to see if it would work , i would recommend that people spend their money on red angle products and not the can but bottle and buy the separate injector , gimmick are generally fraught with problens
 did not work . a little expensive for a product that says it stops leaks in all the places fo the system but didnt
 Apparently it did work , but the container was nearly empty when I got it ! It was kinda expensive and a disappointment to have a nearly empty can , but what can I do ?
 I liked the compactness of this table because I can carry it in my RV without taking up much room , but this product at least the one I received was beyond flimsy . Two of the rungs on the lower section completely fell off the first time I used it . What kind of welding job is this ? It sure was n't the same kind of welding job as on the one the reviewer said she had owned for ten years . Amazon is making good on it by sending me another . I hope someone else manufactured it .
 Based of Amazon suggestion , I ordered both the Towpower Ball Mount # 21278 and the Ball . For unknown reason the Ball Mount had a 1 '' hole and the Ball a 3/4 '' stud ... I would have ecpected much better from Amazon . Leaves one to wonder .
 Whatever spots this products says removes , it 's a lie . Do n't believe it . Almost finish one bottle , and still no water spots or fisheye removed from my car windows.Stay away from this product , do n't throw your money . It 's a piece of garbage
 Neoprene bag that does n't fit well over the winch with the wires coming out the sides . Would n't waste my money again !
 I live in the southern united states and purchased the WARN wench cover , because WARN is suppose to be `` the best . '' I applied the `` aerospace '' protectant as directed , but within 60 days of installing on my wench ... the black color had completely faded . I have spoken to other who purchased the same product and they took additional sun precautions and ended up with the same results . The cover fits great and protects from the rain ... but if you live in a sunny location and do n't want a two tone wench cover , I would not purchase again .
 Just a simple Neoprene bag . Worth maybe 10 at best . I regret the purchase and would have sent it back had it been bought in the UK .
 Maybe good for kayak 's but not for ergs . Returned it . Not enough cushion for the erg practices my son endures during winter conditioning for the Crew season .
 HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT ! I have problems with pain in my left buttock when kayaking for 30 min or longer . The pain starts in the sits bones -LRB- the bones that connect the leg and hip -RRB- and becomes more intense as I continue to kayak . Sometimes , the pain `` shoots '' down to left my knee , reminescent of `` sciatica '' . I thought this pad would be a `` cheap '' and easy to pack remedy for my problem . The pad did nothing for my pain , in fact , my Thermarest pad does a better job . I ended up making my own pad from a yoga matt which works better than anything I 've tried . Just cut the yoga matt in strips so that the resulting pads cover all but the sits bones . I made a pile of 4 strips -LRB- front , back , and sides -RRB- and fit them into a mesh bag -LRB- one with a zipper intended for laundering delicate items such as stockings -RRB- . I sewed around the pads so they would n't move around . Works very nicely and is cheap ! My advice , do n't buy the SKWOOSH !
 Everything installed pretty smoothly . However , while installing , I wondered how well the bag would stay on the screw at the bottom . 6 months later , that 's where it broke . The plastic base the screw goes into broke , and now the bag wo n't hold any air . Not a good product , unless it had a better warranty -LRB- like -LSB- ... -RSB- , who has a lifetime warranty on their air bags -RRB- .
 One bag is leaking the other is about ready to go . I called the customer service and they said I have to buy new bags ?!!?? What happenned to the so called warranty on this product . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY !!!
 This is my third truck I have installed Air Lift brand on . As in the past I like the end result but I am very unimpressed with the directions and quality of the kit . The directions bounce all over so plan on reading them several times . If you have a Silverado , plan on ignoring some of the specific instructions . They call for placing a thick spacer washer to level the upper bracket - well , after trying and uninstalling the bracket I called their technical folks they told me very casually to NOT install the washer - I must have a different truck.The white nylon installation tool is handy - if they would only thread it properly . Instead of rolling the threads they should cut them properly so you could actually get the guide nuts on without wrenches . They do provide all the hardware and even a few extra 's so when you loose parts inside the frame rail there are more to choose from . I had to cut off a few of the bolts as they were way too long.Even though they do n't call for any specialized tools , having a set of crows foot open end wrenches that can be calibrated to your torque wrench would be handy , or you need to be cleaver enough to find a way to torque the bottom bolt going into the plastic base of the bladder . I know about that because of truck number 1 . They do n't provide enough wire tie wraps for the hoses so you 'll need to get extras.I must add that allowing four hours for install , calling tech help and fixing a few minor things is more appropriate than the 2 hours they suggest.All that considered , the ride is great and they do exactly what they are supposed to do
 Be aware - Air Lift Air Springs are very prone to leaking ! So , why might that be important to you ? Well , here 's what it 's meant to me.I 've had these on one of my vehicles for several years now and learned the hard way . I bought this kit assuming they held air like tires , check them every once in a while like I do my tires and I 'm OK . Wrong ! Do not make that assumption.One sleeve went flat within a couple of weeks of installation . I did n't know it . Running flat these things self destruct . You will see this mentioned in other reviews . It 's common . Anyway , I checked the other sleeve . It had also leaked and was low but still good . note
 I purchased from this company and one of the bladders kept leaking and rubbed a hole on the side of the bladder . Paid to have a replacement for the SO CALLED LIFE TIME WARRANTY and would be given a refund once defective part was returned to AIR LIFT . Four month later and I am still waiting for my REFUND . Just get the run around . I will never do business with AIR LIFT again .
 You would probably sell a lot more if you provided a pic . I ca n't tell , are you selling only one bracket , or a pair ? Not going to pay your price for one bracket when I can buy a pair elsewhere for $ 80
 pictured sensor shows Italy engrave , this one does not have anymark on the sensor and box says made in taiwan $ 24.60 . just like what O'reily / kragen $ 21.99 . my old part is made by bosch oem , as mark . .
 I bought the Honda-Black Chrome ABS snap caps and they are made with really cheap quality , they are plastic and the sticker of the H logo seems really fake you can see the outline of the sticker , do n't buy this one . I also bought the valve stems caps , same thing not worth the asking price , i put it one tightly on the valve and some of the cheap `` chrome '' started peeling of the cap.lesson learned
 I ordered one of these for my 2008 Saturn Vue . Package marked for 2008 Vue but item did not work . Contacted storefront who fullfilled order for Amazon and was referred to Curt mfg. to obtain return number . Then had to contact seller again . Got a refund but I purchased a replacement from a local dealer . Seller later reported a wrong item number was somehow in the package .
 It does not work for Honda CRV 2012 even though it comes up in search . I sent it back and was very disappointed .
 This is not the proper wiring harness for the 2008 oddyssey as advertised the port is on one side of the van and the exit to the outside or storage is on the other product works just not good for this application .
 Bought for my 99 tahoe and wouldnt hold the correct amount of pressure . Easier to go to a parts store locally so if the problem arises again , its a quick exchange .
 I BOUGHT THIS PUMP FOR A 1998 CHEVY K1500 TRUCK . PUT IT IN . STARTED IT UP . TOOK IT FOR A TEST DRIVE AND WHENEVER I PUNCHED THE THROTTLE IT WOULD STUMBLE AND FALL ON IT 'S FACE . PULLED THE PUMP BACK OUT TO MAKE SURE THE STRAINER DID N'T GET KINKED DURING INSTALL . I WENT AHEAD AND LEFT THE STRAINER OFF , PUT THE PUMP BACK IN . SAME RESULTS . PULLED THE PUMP BACK OUT . BOUGHT A NEW PUMP FROM AUTOZONE AND INSTALLED IT , RUNS LIKE NEW ! THE PYTHON PUMP WAS N'T MAKING ENOUGH PRESSURE !
 Cheap - but it does cover my steering wheel . Its already time for a replacement , and I have only had it about 6 months .
 It 's a nice looking steering wheel cover , but it comes just a little smaller than normal . I have done these many times in the past but just cant get this one onto the steering wheel . Make sure you get the right size !
 The part shipped was not the part ordered , forcing me to purchase a poorer quality , but more expensive , aftermarket part -LRB- not EMPI -RRB- to complete the installation while at the service facility . Very discouraging .
 This bolts into the body of the vehicle and not the frame . There is no support for the running board whatsoever . If someone were to accidentally stand on it not knowing that it would not hold them , they would either bend the board or rip out all the bolts you put into the under side of body . Do not buy . Extreme waste of Cash .
 The bracket kit does not hold anything securely . If you weight more than 150 pounds do not stand on running boards installed using these brackets or you will be on your bottom next to your truck .
 The item kept bowing the fuses in my brand new car under 3000 miles . I tried multiple outlets and it blew all three fuses , would not purchase . Ended up just unplugging the fridge when needed .
 Misses the adapter to connect the power cord to the cooler -LRB- when plugged to a wall outlet -RRB- . The cooler works great in the car .
 I purchased a cooler for my van . The cooler was not working as advertised so I purchased the power cord for the cooler . Just a note , this was the only power cord I could purchase per the instructions on the cooler box . I spent way to much for the cooler and the power cord . This power cord adapter helped but did not do a good job . Save your money if your purchasing this adapter cord to fix something that does not cool down your food or drinks .
 I am not sure if the product is malfunctioning or cycles on/off too much . A little disappointed , but still reviewing operation of product .
 This product does what it suppose to , shuts off connected accessories when battery voltage drops to 11v . Problem is that this is too low for most cars to start engine with . I have a 2010 mid size vehicle with good battery that hold charge in below freezing weather for weeks at the time . Engine will turn one time , lights go dim and that 's as far as i got with this product . I followed instruction by connecting device awhile engine is running . I tried it two days in the row . Had to recharge my battery of course for second try . I really wish it would of worked . I wanted to use it with in-car 12v Wi-Fi EVDO router that i keept forgetting to unplug and it totally drains my battery overnight .
 Our vehicles automatically turn off the cooler when the engine is not running , so this ended up being unnecessary . Good concept if your veheicle runs the cooler with the engine off . Make sure you check that out before buying this product . We bought it the same time we bought the cooler .
 Item did not work . It has a red and green light on it . Red light is supposed to come on when car is shut off letting you know that the juice is shut off to all the devices you have plugged in . After I shut off my car , several minutes passed and the green light stayed on . Thank goodness I was testing this thing at home or else I could have ended up with a dead car battery while on the road . I tested it with several different devices , my XM radio , my GPS , my koolatron cooler , cell phone charger , with each one the green light just kept on . When no device was plugged into it at all and car shut off then it had the red light . So I know the red light does work and it 's not a blub issue.I suspect the device sold to me by DBRoth may have been a return or a used/faulty item as the packaging it came in was stapled shut . But maybe that 's something they do normally ?? I 've contacted them for a return/exchange as this is an expensive little gadget . I will follow up with a post on how that goes.I 've looked for other kill switch devices like this and have not found any . Please let me know if something similiar is out there . .
 We bought this battery saver for use with our Koolatron Cooler , thinking that the cooler would continue to run for a few hours when the car was turned off . Unfortunately , we had no auxiliary power when the car engine was off . Do n't know whether this product would work with other vehicles .
 Looking at the price , and knowing a bit about electronic circuits , I did expect that this unit would cut the power off at let 's say 10.5 V and restore it at 12.3 V . In this scenario it would cut the cooler off as the battery gets low and it would fire it back up as the engine runs and the alternator is charging the battery.This is NOT the case and here is why this switch is totally useless and probably damaging/reducing the lifespan of connected coolers or other equipment on top of it.As the voltage gets critical it will cycle on and off . Like the turn signal , but much faster . This is very disappointing and I can not not express how mad I am that a company is selling such a cheap circuit for such a high price . This unit is not doing/working how it should.If I did not get a broken item -LRB- I doubt it , reading some other reviews -RRB- someone could feel this is like highway robbery . I did try to call the company and after being on hold for quite a while I was getting tired of it and just sent the item back.Bottom line : Do n't get this item . The idea is good , this particular one is not what it should be . Wait for another `` battery saver '' . They are hard to find and I did not find anther one yet .
 The Koolatron Battery Saver did not work for us . Although we already knew our car would still start after 4 hours with the Koolatron cooler running , this is probably too long . We wanted to keep the cooler running for stops on the next road trip , but to shut off before the battery got too low . We tried 2 of these units in 4 different cars , and the greatest time the battery saver would allow the cooler to run was about 4 minutes after shutting off the car engine . The `` at rest '' voltage on the 4 car batteries ranged from 12.1 to 12.8 volts . We did discuss this issue with Koolatron customer service , but did n't come up with a satisfactory solution . We did like the fact that Koolatron does have someone to talk to without a long wait , which is rare today .
 I returned the product . After about a week it blew a fuse in a my car -LRB- the trunk fuse in a jetta so 20W instead of 15 -RRB- . After blowing 2 more fuses I disconnected this device and things worked again . I tried it one last time in the cigarette lighter port and blew that fuse as well . During the week that it did work it never cut the power to my device , so either my battery was strong enough to not drop to the level required to make this sever the power or it simply did nothing ...
 After draining my battery to the point of needing a jump twice -LRB- the only two times I 've tried to use it -RRB- , I can conclude that this product does not work as advertised .
 I self installed this on my 2004 Mini Cooper S and is such an easy job since its pure bolt on project without any modification needed . Last week -LRB- Jan 21,2012 -RRB- my car stalled and I have it towed at MINIWORX in laguna hill , CA -LRB- great shop -RRB- . I have it towed immediately to my shop without looking under the hood since I am running late and I have a shop that I trust . I thought I made a mistake by not looking under the hood at first because the problem would be so obvious if I just pop the hood open . The problem is the performance MSD COIL PACK failure . The MSD that I installed a few months back have a giant crack on top of the coil pack . NOW THE REAL PROBLEM ----- The extended damage was it fried my DME and it cost me additional $ 1,600 in parts alone !!! I am in communication with MSD to see how far they will support us consumer in case this is a one in a million failure of their product . They tried getting the coil off my hands without any commitment . `` No way I will do that '' . I will keep you informed -LRB- website link to follow -RRB- and will post video so you could see the `` MSD Coil failure '' .
 The directions call this out as a coil for a Neon not a Mini . The mounting is completely different than the stock hardware and it will not bolt up . You need to buy new hardware and you lose the vibration isolation that is integrated into the factory unit . No perceivable performance gains or differences in economy have been had from installation as well .
 When i ordered this product . i made sure that it was suppost to fit . i did the `` does this product fit your vehile '' . well today June 4th i went to install it , and it did not fit . I 'm not saying that i will return it . I guess im just going to have to weld it on
 This riveter broke during the first rivet . So it never even worked once . The two screws holding the head on stripped out of the cheap pot metal this item was cast from . Perhaps they stripped them at the factory during there install , but either way you should steer clear .
 I bought this mounting bracket for a small motorcycle size license plate . The slots on the the bracket do not match the holes on the license plate .
 This was the wrong thing . I ordered something different for a different year and this was sent instead . No big deal right ? Wrong . I returned this thing nearly three weeks ago and I have yet to receive my refund . Bottom line ? Make sure you order EXACTLY What you want and double check it because it 's difficult to get your money out of Amazon .
 This is the 3rd unit I have ordered and they all seem not to work at different levels . This last one only worked for a month before two levels stopped ... medium low and medium high . I can only get low and high to work . The 2nd unit I returned because it stopped too and I returned it .
 This product was supposed to be the right one for my vehicle , but it is completely wrong . Now I have to send it back at my own expense , even though it was advertised to be for my vehicle .
 ordered the ez mounting bracket recommended by the site , it was the wrong one . they refuse to replace with the correct mounting kit . so beware of the freq bought together items . they charged me $ 17.00 for return shippiing when it was the wrong item .
 Second time I bought this product . Price is good , looks good ; BUT IT NEVER STAYS ON DOOR ! The wind or just the car movement knocks them off ...
 I like this product , but it is so low quality - if breaks in halves very fast , and eventually gets loose and fells off your car door . Do not buy this ! It 's a waste of money , cause you will have to find out a new solution for your problem in a couple weeks anyway . Buy a tape - this will do it much better !
 When I first ordered this product , it arrived promptly with no significant damage to the packaging . When I tried to install it on my vehicle however , it did not fit . I contacted Curt Manufacturing and they suggested that it was bent in shipping . I contacted Amazon and they replaced it immediately . The new box arrived with the receiver portion of the hitch sticking out of the side of the box by about 6 inches . This portion of the hitch did not appear damaged . I did some measurements and decided that this one would fit . In the process of installing it , I discovered that this one too had been damaged in shipping -LRB- apparently to a previous customer -RRB- and someone had merely bent it back into shape and shipped it out to me . This was obvious due to the tool marks and the 2 x 5 inch portion of the hitch where the powder coating had been cracked off -LRB- down to the metal -RRB- . I decided to use the hitch anyway since I had no packaging to return the hitch again . But in order to do so , I had to purchase some spray paint to cover the bare metal myself . Why any U.S. manufacturer would be so cavalier about its reputation through such shoddy packaging and replacements is beyond me .
 Based on other good reviews of this product and the condition the boxes arrived in , I 'm assuming the hitches I received were damaged in shipping . The first hitch arrived in a torn box , with the hitch poking through , and absolutely no packing in the box . I was able to align three out of the four holes in the hitch to thread the bolts , but the fourth one was just about 1/16 '' off making installation of the fourth bolt impossible . I called the manufacturer and a guy there told me it probably got bent during shipping and that I could bend it back . Really ? I thought these things were made of steel.I requested a replacement through Amazon which arrived the next day -LRB- great service in this regard -RRB- . Again , the box was torn -LRB- worse this time -RRB- and the hitch was poking through . No packing materials in the box and the hitch was again packed ` prongs up ' making it top-heavy and more likely to tip over . There were also scratches to the finish leaving exposed metal . I attempted to install anyway and got the same results but this time the last hole misaligned by almost 1/4 '' . The Curt hitch is attractive and has a great finish but I 'm tired of wasting my time with misaligned bolt holes .
 I purchased this item from Moss & did n't get around to unwrapping it for a month or so . Mostly got it because I 've always had trunk racks on my sports cars . Unwrapped it today & really disapointed . The idea is good , but the execution if really poor . The parts were chromed before assembly & then welded together . Some of the joints look cold -LRB- not enough heat to keep the parts todether -RRB- , & all look like the maker 's first attempt at welding . Some of the parts are only partially welded . I 'll be trying to unload it on Craig 's List .
 This product will mount to the LC and the electrical connection fits but the air chamber is the wrong diameter . Do not buy this product expecting it to fit a 1994 Land Cruiser . Rock Auto has the one that fits .
 I ORDER THIS AIR FLOW SENSOR FOR MY 1993 TOYOTA LAND CRUISER AND IT DO NOT FIT IT WAS WAY TO SMALL DOUBLE CHECK BEFORE YOU ORDER THIS .
 I purchased this for my husbands 1996 chevy c1500 . As he installed them , both broke on various corners . He was not rough with them at all , so it was not because of being careless . The taillights are also not a proper fit , there is a gap . I checked before buying , that these would fit his vehicle and was assured they would . Because of all this , I dont recommend them .
 This item failed in three days . I have owned a similar item by another manufacture that lasted over seven years . This item totally failed to function after three days use !!!
 Unit only lasted for about 16 hours of operation then failed . would not purchase again light duty at best more like a toy .
 These lights are crap . They do not line up with the body and are overall ugly . First wash and I had water in them
 i ordered this product twice but it does not fit 2003 chevy silverado as it says.one hole for sidemarker bulb is missing.do not waste your money on this .
 I ordered this item and when I opened the box I was very unhappy . They are not the pictured item ! Instead they are that ugly chrome . Do n't be fooled .
 i bought a set of gr/2s 4 years ago they were awesome . I have no idea what Kyb was thinking saying these are the replacement for the gr2s . these things are crap no where close to how they rode.these are floaty defiantly not good for a mustang . and 4 years ago the gr2s were about 100 a piece for the fronts almost price like tokicos . I should of known better and just returned them and bought some tokico 's . stay away from kyb excel-g in my opinion . Pay more get better results .
 The interior waterproof liner started peeling up within 2 months . I contacted Icon via email and was given the `` whoops , sorry ! Thanks for supporting Icon ! '' speech with no customer service follow up at all , even when I tracked down quality control via telephone . The color is adorable , a perfect bright pink , but I can not use it any longer because it can not be washed it due to the peeling liner.Not only would I not buy this product again , I avoid Icon altogether now.Too many good brands with warranties and quality workmanship exist to settle for a shoddy product . RKA luggage in CA makes custom packs in any of 30 colors , incl . pink , and they stand behind their products . They 're $ 40 more , but WORTH IT !!
 When I got this bag i was very excited because it looked great on my bike and was easy to take on and off . After about 2 months of daily use -LRB- commuting to college -RRB- 1 backpack strap broke . Within 4 months both straps were broken and the interior lining was peeling away . Now i just use it as a tankbag and leave it on my bike 24/7 with raingear in it . This bag would be the best ever if it just had better quality construction .
 This was the second attempt to find a backing plate for a Porter Cable 7424XP . The threads were almost , but not quite the same so it could not be mounted . Needless to say , that was a disappointment . I still have not been able to use my new Polisher as I have yet to find a backing plate that fits .
 Bought the Airaid TBS for my 2007 Nissan Frontier . The product was easy to install -LRB- 15 minuets -RRB- and it looks good under the hood , but that 's where the `` good '' stops . I installed this product with the stock air box and a K&N High Flow filter . Felt a DECREASE in low end / low speed power after install . There may be a VERY tiny increase in power if you mash the pedal to the floor board and keep it there , but who drives their vehicle like that ? I did n't have it on long enough -LRB- 2 days -RRB- to speak on the mileage claims , but even if there is a little , it 's not worth the VERY noticeable loss of low end grunt .
 Tools recommended to use did not work to remove throttle body . Bought screw extracter tool , would not remove screws from throttle body . Ended up sending product back . Would love to have put it on my 2007 Xterra .
 The carrier was not packed well . The carrier was also warped and looks tipped to the drivers side most of the time , if I do n't shift the weight carried to the passenger side of the carrier ... . I 'm very disappointed and would have shipped it back had it been easier to repackage and been packaged adequately ... . I should have bought the cargo carrier from Harbor Freight - It was made in China also ... & lots cheaper ... & easier to return for being defective / warped ... . the only thing you get is the `` Valley '' label on this one - NOT a good recommendation for any of their other products after seeing this one .
 This would be a nice basket if you could actually fold it up . We have a 2009 Subaru Forester and its not possible to fold the basket because it hits the bumper . Save a few bucks and get the straight one .
 I ca n't review this product fully because it was missing parts when it arrived . So I have not been able to fully assemble the unit . I called Valley 's customer service department and the person on the phone seemed sure that all the parts were there and that I just did n't know what I was talking about . After going back and forth for fifteen minutes he finally agreed that a part was missing and took down my information . It has been one month to the day that I placed the order and I still have not received the part . I 've made numerous attempts to call them by phone and I get voicemail every time . I also sent an email that has not been answered either .
 I do n't know how to rate the product itself , since it is a gift and my husband has n't yet opened it . However , the box arrived busted in several places with one end completely open , so I am hoping that the product itself is not damaged and that there are no missing pieced . I will update after Christmas .
 Was not the correct part according to the part number supplied . No offering by customer service to make it right .
 I would not do business with this vendor again or buy anything on Amazon again . Their return policy is terrible . I shipped the item back to them via UPS . I used a different box . The box I received from them was not a brand name . Any way , this whole experience has been terrible and I will NEVER order anything online from Amazon or any of it vendors ever again !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 i would like to know how come i have not gotted parts yet call me 805 896 7330
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Would n't fit on 92 DA WITH ABS as others have said it would . Backets looked really cheap . I ended up getting a moroso strut bar off ebay that fit with my ABS reservoir .
 I was quite happy to receive the product and when it came I started using it immediatly . However , when the adapter that plugs into the lighter socket became bent it now just falls out of the socket . This is a problem that could be rectified easy by Xantrex by sending me another cord/adapter but they refuse to answer my emails . I am really mad that they are just ignoring me . HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE
 There were no threads for the product to screw in on one end of the strongarm . I checked both sides of the hatch just to make sure it was n't intended for left or right only , but both the old strongarms had threads . I 'll have to get around to sending the product back . Totally useless as it is .
 I Understand that Amazon fulfillment Center is a great company and is always improving.However they are lacking in the Auto Department . I oder this Strong Arm 4135 for my 2001 Mitsubishi Eclipse Spyder GT V6 3.0 L 5-speed . And the Amazon website confirmed that the item would fit my car . However it was inaccurate , It did NOT fit . StrongArm 4135 was to big . From the Original .
 Item listed DID NOT fit auto listed . Purchased part and it did not fit . FULL REFUND including return shipping is expected . Anything less is unacceptable !!! The buyer should not be responsible for ANY return costs when products are mislabled.Listing needs to be changed to keep from misleading future customers !!!
 Part arrived on time and fit and worked well . The picture however is misleading . No boot or bellows was shipped with the part as the picture would seem to indicate.I 've provided feedback to Amazon.com regarding the incorrect picture and received a reply that they reviewed my comments and did not feel any action was necessary.I would have bought the same product for a lower price from another on-line source had I known no bellows would be included . Hence the single star ... Would recommend not buying on Amazon unless the offering has explicit text regarding what the packaging contains .
 Reese Towpower / Cequent Consumer Products , Inc. says that this hitch is not recommended for any Toyota Tacoma . It does not fit 2004 Toyota Tacoma , as the convenient product usage verifier says . Instead you should buy Reese product 33025 .
 I have this hitch on my 2004 Toyota Tocoma and it is very weak . I pull a medium size pop-up camper that is considerably less weight that the specs say this hitch will handle , and the hitch bent a great deal when I hooked up the camper . It bent to the point that it was no longer safe to use without haveing a welder reinforce the hitch and bolt it to the bumper of the truck . I do not recommend this hitch except for very light towing and definitely not to pull any sort of camper , even if it weights much less than the recommended allowed weight .
 I 'm sure these pads work great -LRB- they do , I 've had them on two other cars -RRB- , but I would n't know because this makes the second time that I 've received an incompatible part from Amazon for my 97 Civic , despite it saying that it `` fits '' using their built-in compatibility function , including engine and trim level.So , here I am nearly a week later with a STILL non-drivable car after receiving the wrong rotors AND pads.Moral
 I purchased two to replace those supporting the hood for an LX-470 on January 31 , 2011 . They lasted 22 months and have now failed . The original set lasted about 9 years . The hood once again SLOWLY drops.Yes , the StrongArm 's are less expensive but the overall quality and lifetime value -LRB- service years/dollar -RRB- are actually less than just buying the Lexus parts for $ 160 . -LRB- Actually , I 'll just get the Land Cruiser equivalent , same part number and less expensive . -RRB- And the hassle factor adds additional cost I do n't need so overall I am disappointed with the product itself . I remember calling the company -LRB- for whatever reason -RRB- and the person on the other end was knowledgeable and friendly . Seems to be a pretty good company so I give them two stars for that . Now they just need to get a reliable product WITH a useful warranty . Three months is not long enough for a product that should last at least 5 years.One other thing to consider . The StrongArm part was about 1/4 '' shorter than the factory part . At the time I thought no big deal and installed them . But , if you work through the geometry of the StrongArm 's fully extended length to the height of the hood when fully extended , that missing 1/4 '' sets the upper limit of the hood when fully open to about 2 '' -3 '' lower than the factory supports . So , the first couple of times I raised the hood I bopped my head going in and coming out till I got used to the difference . At the time , I thought `` minor inconvenience given the money I saved . `` Oh well .
 I installed an oil cooler on my harley using these clamps.I like the way they look , but one of the clamps broke after only 300 miles . Fortunately the cooler is out in the open . I was able to notice it when the hose started leaking.I put a higher quality clamp inside the chrome housing .
 I followed the instructions perfectly , but the mesh twisted and trying to fit the chrome ends on is a pain . I ended up getting plain old hose .
 If you are buying this to fit the standard propane tank that comes with gas grills , etc. . The size tank that is common for home uses , do n't buy this product . It is not big enough and does not fit the tank . I have no idea what the manufacturer made this to fit ! Kind of a ripoff .
 Tank covers looks nice , but did not fit the Cylinder . I ordered two and they are to small to fit over my 20 LB tanks . Velcro would not streach to fit tanks and the hole on top is way to small . Company took them back , but it cost close to $ 15.00 to ship them back and total cost of the product was just over $ 22.00 . I would not order from here again just because of the high return shipping.I only got $ 7.00 of my $ 22.00 back after shipping items back . I was not happy with this purchase . It cost me $ 15.00 to find out the product was useless to me .
 I used this product with no problems for a couple oil changesand it was convenient and clean . But then the flexible tubegot a little worn and the flexible plastic sheathing thatcovers the spring steel tube developed several cracks.With the cracks the tube can not hold a vacuum renderingthe product totally worthless . None of the resellers havea clue about replacement tubes , and Pela themselves aretotally unreachable . Three times in the last year I 've gottenzero response to email inquiries and the last email simply bounced.I 'd like to recommend this product but ca n't . If you 're going to buy a Pela extractor then get the one withthe hard plastic tubing rather than the more flexible plasticcovered spring steel tubing . The latter will eventually crackand then it 's done .
 Do n't buy it !!! Works OK for the 1st few times , then the seals stop working . save your money .
 works well , but for my Chevy Express van in would not reach to the oil , also had some trouble with Honda van , and a mini cooper I had to put it on top of the engine .
 I bought this originally because a recently purchased lawn mower lacked an oil drain plug . -LRB- The only option was to turn the lawn mower over and dump the oil through the filler tube . - Talk about dumb designs ! -RRB- This oil extractor did not work as expected ; it extracted about half the oil.Oil changes on the snow blower and another lawn mower produced the same results - only half the oil was sucked out.Next I used it on the car . Well , I stuck the tube all the way down to the stop and drew a suction . After about a half hour it gurgled and there was a little more than 3 quarts in the container . Since the capacity for my Chrysler with a Pentastar engine is 6 quarts , I drained the remainder via the drain plug and collected another 2 1/2 quarts.What a waste of money ! Unfortunately by the time I used the thing it was well beyond the period for which Amazon would take a return .
 Maybe it 's just me , but this is the second pump I 've bought and neither worked well . First I tried a hand pump and no matter how hard I pumped I was only able to remove about 2 quarts . Using this device I got about 3 quarts out but finally had to just give up . Each time I warmed the oil running the engine but the pumps just are n't strong enough to keep a continuous draw going . Unfortunately I do n't have the means to get the container lower than the engine . I 'd opt for a larger vaccumm vessel next time .
 Quite Diesel Unit , smooth operation . I use this as a back up for our home when the rural power fails . Runs my 220 pump and provides lights and power for small appliances . We have an all electric home . Of course it wo n't handle a 20kw furnace or Central A/C , but runs a whole house fans and small fans for the wood stove . Electric start and fuel economy make this unit great for the price . ******* One year after owning this generator it only had 10 hours service and we needed it to keep us going after a major storm took out our power . 10 hours into service , the rocker arm bolts broke and the engine shut down . The engine is made in China and the company has been contacted many many times for repair parts . I was willing to pay for the parts but they have not provided any opportunity to get them . I have been trying for 4 months and have not been contacted to order the needed parts . The quality of workmanship is terrible ! The customer service is non-existant . ******* I am now the proud owner of a $ 1200.00 , 300 lb . Door stop . . ******* I even tried to contact the engine manufacturer in China , but they have little or no presence in the US . Guess I 'm just out of ruck !
 Just after the 20 hour break in period the generator failed to start . I immediately contacted All Power America and was promised a warranty repair . But after several follow up calls and faxes , I am still waiting for instructions on where to send it for repair . This has been going on for over two months .
 When we first started Allpower America 6500 Watt Silent Diesel the first thing we noticed is that the lights flickered badly . The service department sent a new regulator module , but that did n't resolve the problem . While installing the new voltage regulator a damaged wire and several loose terminations were noted . The new regulator did not stop lights from flickering . After 28 hours the oil-level dropped suddenly and two engine crankcase bolts backed out against the alternator housing . One bolt could actually be loosened by hand . This product typifies `` legendary Chinese quality '' in spades . Save your money .
 Before 20 hours the starter switch went out and it took over a month to get the part through a Chinese man that I had to call several times who has broken English . Before 100 hours ALL the diesel fuel lines began leaking . They are very hard to replace . I took me 6 hours to replace them . The original fuel lines were cracked and porous , very low quality . I got diesel tubing from a marine supply outlet . Then it would not crank . Northern Tool , where I bought it , gave me the number of the Chinese man who could not help me . The warranty is only a month . A local repair shop refused to take it saying another All Power generator has been in their shop for 4 months . The parts department is often inaccessible and told them the parts come by a slow boat from China every 3 months and that there were 164 others waiting on the same part and if only 100 came he might have to wait another few months for the next boat . Northern Tool service department is not helpful and would only give me the Chinese number to call . They do not officially service All Power equipment . Northern tool service department would not even give me the number for one of their own service centers . When I asked for the supervisor she would not help me find a Northern Tool service center either . I got her name and threatened to call the president of the company and she then gave me the number of a Northern Tool service center about 100 miles away . To my surprise I was told to bring the machine in and they would try to fix it . I am headed that way next week but plan on buying a reliable and serviceable generator to replace this junk pile .
 after only 50 hours of operation , we have had six failures that each took the genny off line until repair1 -RRB- bad / undersized battery2 -RRB- stuck open AC breaker3 -RRB- stuck closed fuel solenoid4 -RRB- leaking fuel filter / shutoff & poor quality unsafe fuel lines5 -RRB- failed AVR - voltage regulator6 -RRB- blown silencer & leaking muffler . . oddly the silencer packing caught fireadd to that a 20 hour break-in initial run period , mandatory valve adjustments , and extremely poor fitting air filter housing.Make sure you run it far from your house as ours caught fire . Only good things are price & efficient running at about 1/2 gallon per hour
 I have a dashmat from years ago for the same car , now I have a second . The new dashmats are really poor workmanship in comparison . It looks like a reject . Major sewing errors and miscuts , sloppy factory defects . I had to send it back.I already have same exact mat from years ago that always fit correctly , this one is ridiculous , not right at all . I 'll try a different brand , I guess.I also ordered for a different car and that one had less defects so we kept it . Still , We will do some sewing to correct one poor detail .
 fuel pump lasted less than 30 days after installed dealer said pump has a bad valve ca n't find anyway to get help from amazon.com
 I recommend that these mats not be purchase . I have had these mats for only two months before these mats started to come apart in fur balls . I had to vacuum my car out daily and needless to say I took them out of my car . Also they are so thin that they rolled up constantly like paper .
 This is slightly to big . It will not fit 1998 Altima GXE I just tried 2 of them . No dice.MGM
 I bought this product to clean vintage video game systems and carts like NES , SNES & Atari since they are plastic but I was really disappointed.The cleaning solution really does n't shine or polish and I expected it to perform better considering that 's it relatively expensive and had such good reviews . It will also make clear plastic like LCD screens look dull and cloudy.I 've been using Pledge Revitalizing Oil furniture polish to clean my games and systems but it leaves a somewhat greasy residue . It truly does make plastics look like new and shines them well however unlike this product.I 'm going to try Armor All next as I heard good things about the product in the vintage gaming community . Supposedly it shines plastics well without leaving any oily residue.I ca n't recommend this product to vintage game collectors or to anyone looking to make plastics shine . While you get a lot for $ 16 -LRB- 64 ounces -RRB- it just does n't shine or polish like it claims .
 I have never found any plastic in which this product really works yet , I bought it initially to remove some scratches on a TV , after failing miserably I have been tried to get any other use for it , coffe makers , home appliances , plastic covers , no luck , in all plastics I have tried it , it leaves the surface worst than it was before ... and yes I know how to use it , the three of them . I regularly detail my car personally , this product is simply not worth even a try ... Any scratch remover for car detailing will work far better , even while they are not intended for such application ...
 Ok product if only occationally used , but after about two years of usage on normal service on three vehicles , the seals had to be replaced as it would not lift even my wife 's Pilot much less my trucks . Internal machining marks are too coarse to keep the seals in good shape for long .
 Pads did not fit , watch out when selecting you vehicle on Amazon for parts finder . I was WAY off for my Camry .
 This product had to be returned because of wrong parts due to very , very poor reference cataloging at the web site . Will never order this type of part a second time . Very frustrating and time consuming . Not sure if this was ever correctly refunded !
 These are famous for failing . I bought 2 and was given one . All have failed . What boggles my mind is that from everything I have read and experienced - they universally fail for the same reason . They leak around the ram/piston . Once they begin leaking they are absolutely non servicable . This is a company that uses the slogan `` Quality Is Our First Priority '' . Total lip service . When the rubber hits the road these people have ZERO faith in their consumer products and to add to the rip off - you can not buy service parts . Of all the companies in the world that should be boycotted - this one is at the top of my list . Do yourself a favor and avoid anything made by SFA - Shinn Fu America.That includes the following brands : * BVA Hydraulics -LRB- tm -RRB- and corresponding OEM private label products , * Omega Lift Equipment and corresponding OEM private label hydraulic products , * Hein-Werner Automotive , * Porto-Power Blackhawk Automotive , * Pro-Lift DIY products , * Road Xpedition -LRB- tm -RRB- , * Tailgate Tools -LRB- tm -RRB-
 I really like this Jack but after 9 months and maybe a dozens uses the O-ring went out and there is only a 90 day warranty .
 I have the the f2533 . The release valve screw stripped and the company does n't sell a replacement.Total waste of money ... . do n't buy it or any product from the Shinn Fu company .
 The Drums was better that I can find in any parts store for the same price after 6 months one Drum went bad with bad rust and make the car make little jump to stop . I hope that the vender will exchange it .
 I purchased this product a week ago.I am in the heating and cooling industry , in and out of the van all the time , also I travel all the time from customer to customer.DO NOT PURCHASE this cover , it is falling apart after a week in use . . the fishing line that holds the beads together is poorly woven . The beads are separating from the line .
 Not happy with the product . After using the seat for two days the seams came apart . After contacting the company I received a full refund without having to return the item .
 The quality of this item is extreamly poor . I have 3 of them that are falling apart after 30 days use in 2 different cars . The metal on the rim is all bent out of shape . The fish line on the beads is coming apart . The fish line is sticking me in the back , The construction of this iten is poor . If I could return all 3 and get a refund , I would . I can not recommend this item to anyone .
 I bought these seat-covers , hoping to avoid the summer unpleasantness of sitting on my car 's original vinyl seats.After about 1 months ' use , the woven edging surrounding the beads began to deteriorate , and shed pieces everywhere :--LRB- I swapped passenger < = > driver covers , and made it through the summer before the second one similarly deteriorated , shed , and generally fell apart -LRB- only the outer surrounding woven edge fell apart , not the center bead area -RRB- . Previously , I had used the larger bead-only covers , and they lasted several years -LRB- until the fishing-line string for the bead began breaking -RRB- . I had hoped for longer life from these covers . I 'm a pretty careful person , and at 6 ' 0 '' and 175lbs , I do n't think I 'm `` oversize '' for this product.On the plus side
 This peice of trash started unraveling within 2 weeks of sitting on it in my office . The fishing tackle they use to hold the beads together is already separating from the `` frame '' of the chair . Dont waste your money , this thing is cheap junk .
 Have used a beaded seat for years . Helps with back ache . Ca n't find them in local stores anymore so decided tocheck out Amazon . The rattan seat still will not conform to my seat and have used it for more than a month.Still feels stiff and hard to adjust . So I 'll pass on to my daughter , plan to order one that has material aroundthe edges , this is the type I 've always used . So lesson learned !
 I had this seat cover in the car for one summer and the sun destroyed the weave part . It fell apart like straw . The only thing left was the wood beads and the fishing line . The beads are not wide or long enough to cool you off .
 The seat was uncomfortable , mainly because it could not be secured in place and did not fit my car seat . I took it out .
 Buying this cover was my big mistake . It has fallen apart approx . one month after installing !!!!!!!! The previous cover was similiar and last for only 3 months .
 The title says it all . Inside of three months of moderate use , the plastic edging disintergrated and I had to throw it out .
 First off Amazon packed this thing in a massive sized box . So when my skybox had to ship this to the Caribbean everything cost me $ 300 USSecondly it came apart in 9 days . It was also way to small and never covered any part of the chair more like 50 % dont let the size on the pic fool you this thing is for a child.Rubbish !!!
 Another hot day , and I 'm sitting on my Bead and Rattan Cool Seat cover.Sadly , it does n't provide the relief I 'd hoped for . It 's just not that comfortable or cool . It 's better than no cover at all , but not by a lot.Also , as other reviewers -- who I bought in spite of -- reported , the fising line that the beads are strung on is , after a couple of weeks , starting to come loose.I 'm now in the market for another seatcover for my overly-warm desk chair .
 This item is was not worth my time or money . True , it was inexpensive , but this thing will not stay in place on the driver sear of a Civic , and it is too light-weight to do much in the way of adding comfort . It 's like putting tissue over the seat . On day one , one of the wooden balls that you sit on cracked ! Not recommended at any price .
 If you want your engine to be louder , then this is for you . Dyna testing shows no increase of horse power and a honda tech told me this would be cheaper to manufacture than the stock air intake they make for your engine . I spent alot of time and money on my stereo , so im not interested in hearing my engine . If sound is what your after then get this .
 i ordered the qlink after reading many favorable on line reviews . i have worn the pendant 24/7 for over five weeks now with no measurable improvement . i am going to keep the pendent even though is has a money back guarantee because i hope it will work some what with a prolonged usage.i would not recomend this to a friend
 People , come ON !! This is totally bogus ... the `` amazing '' thing is made of a zero ohm resistor/circuit , some wire and they are not even connected to each other !! There is no effect coming out of this thing , and for $ 90 , you can buy some fine copper wire and a $ 0.005 zero ohm resistor and , presto ! Wrap around your foolish head ... You will get all of the -LRB- ??? -RRB- benefit , and have $ 89 left over to buy a nice towel to dry off your head after you soak it in the toilet to wake yourself up ! Buy some cheap cayenne pepper capsules and take them regularly , they will actually provide an amazing benefit , and you will not be embarrassed and feel like a total imbecile after ... unless you do not take them orally as recommended !
 Placebo effect . No difference whatsoever , and the manufacturer does n't honor their 90-day return `` guarantee '' ; I actually tried reaching them.Now that I am stuck with this thing , I wear it every other day or so `` for fun '' . For the past 6 months , never had I felt any difference.I agree with other reviewers that you are just getting a piece of copper wire in a plastic box with a shoelace.What 's up with reviews telling us how this little plastic box fixes all their problems ? What 's up with overwhelming number of people marking them as `` helpful '' ? I guess I will just remove my review to let people waste their money in peace .
 This product was labeled to fit my vehicle but does NOT ... Again this does NOT fit a late model Yukon or Suburban ...
 I had bought about 20 sets of these through the years and they were always built well . These new units are flimsy , the one even chipped during the installation procedure at the edge which occurred after installation because I checked them out before hand . Would not -LRB- after purchasing many units -RRB- buy these again . I say my friends Weathertech units are they are far superior in quality .
 Items received in a thin box with no protective packing . Units were scratched and bent when I opened them . On their way back.C ` mon people how much is some extra padding ? Is it worth the returns ?
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this thinking it was for a 4 barrel carburetor as in the picture . WRONG ! After paying for next day shipping I was sent a 2 barrel carb kit . Which is what the Holley 3-887 part number is for . But since there is no description of what it is I went by the picture and i was ordering from my phone . So I wasted money on the shipping and now I 'm waiting for 2-3 more plus days for the correct kit to get here and my boat is out of the water for the weekend.It 's too bad Amazon ca n't put a description of the product and does n't even have the right picture of the kit .
 Picture shows two lights . And description calls it a lighting kit . I was expecting both lights , wiring , switch , & installation instructions . All I recieved is one light by itself . Will contact Amazon and request other light and items . If they do not supply me with these items I will return the single light .
 I have purchased many of Warn products was disappointed to find when I received this item that the description of the item does not match the item very as it leads you to believe you are getting two units for the $ 55 + as listed as a kit and the picture shows two items , and only one light comes in the kit . I returned the item and looked for other lights .
 repels a lot of water , but the bike certainly has some moisture on it that is more than condensation . protects decently well , but still lets some water through . So not waterproof unfortunately .
 Did not contain all the information I was looking for . Not for All Wheel Drive -LRB- AWD -RRB- or alternative fuel vehicles . Radio pin-outs are the mere basics -LRB- speakers -RRB- and do not include connections to CD player or wheel controls . Also , the instructions to remove the radio say to remove the glove box - this is not necessary in the 2001 Town and Country . No information on power sliding doors or power tailgate systems . Has good information on brakes , bulb replacements , fuses , engine overhaul and diagnostic codes .
 It doesnt fit my 2003 Honda Element . I guess they didnt measure it right . It is made with good materials , the one for my S2000 fits perfect .
 nothing in the parts description mentions right or left and yet when they arrived the part number on the parts clearly stated that they only for the right side of the car . Forcing me yet again to goto the auto-parts store
 I bought this custom fit sun shield for our 97 land cruiser because I hate the one-size-fits-none products that they sell the local stores . While the product appears to be very well made and was a bargain for the price , it really does n't fit that well . It 's about 1.5 inches too tall and is very difficult to install each time . I 'm also concerned that daily use will wear the headliner of the vehicle prematurely because of the friction required to wedge the shade behind the mirror . I gave the product 2 stars because it is actually very well made . If only it fit ...
 fuse blew as soon as it was plugged in.When taking it apart to replace the fuse it broke apart
 It Never worked . The guage of the wiring was too small for the 12volt system . The female socket was too big and never received the male plug securely .
 it is very thin aluminum , will bend easily , i was looking for of a mirrored heavy duty one , This one is cheep looking
 The company also shipped me the wrong tag . This is the tag they shipped me and the decal came off the first time I pressure washed my car .
 Unfortunately , the plate is cheaply made . After my first carwash with it on , 1/4 of the Reds logo had already peeled off .
 I painted the floor of my 4x4 with this stuff and while it did stick it takes many coats to get the desired thickness , got sticky way too fast -LRB- the roller would get stuck and then I 'd mess up the coat trying to get it loose -RRB- and it had no texture to it . I 'm planning on painting over with herculiner so I 'll post if that stuff works any better .
 The item deception , excuse me , I mean DESCRIPTION clearly says Gallon to describe the unit of measurement . However , the ITEM clearly says 3.75 / gal . That .25 / gal could prove quite valuable when one gets to the end of his/her project only to be in need of the .25 / gal that he/she presumably paid for when ordering this item . DO NOT BUY on principle alone !
 I bought this product based on the review and the workablility of this product . I purchased the one gallon size to complete my f250 8 ' bed . The pruduct shipped right away and I eager to get started but decided to wait for a nice warm sunny day as I had read that it is easier to work with when warm . I got everything prepped as instructed and got started . The product right off the bat was very difficult to shake so I did the best I could and poured some into the pan and got going . It spread pretty well but it seemed pretty thin and not really what I was expecting . I got about half way done and I started to notice it was hard to start pouring what was left in the can . I finally got a stick and started to scrap it it out . I turns out the bottom 3rd of the can was completely solid . Once it cam out it was like trying to roll solid rubber . I am guessing the maybe this particular can sat on the shelf of the retailer for five years prior to being sold ?? I was really upset as I did not have enough to finish and what was left was completely unworkabel . This was not a result of not shaking it was completely solid material at the bottom.Needless to say my bed is a mess now and I am not sure I should gamble on another gallon of this ? I though about returning but it is hard to return a can in this condition . Very dissapointed and should have gone with a different product .
 I PURCHASE THE KYB STRUTS FOR MY 2002 NISSAN MAXIMA SE FRONT AND BACK WITH NEW COIL SPRINGS THE STRUTS AND SHOCKS RIDE LIKE TRASHYOU FEEL EVER BUMP ON THE STREET DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON KYB TRASH .
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 Purchased this about 4 months ago to try and save some money with an aftermarket thermostat . Worked well for about 3 months then failed shut . An item that follows `` you get what you pay for '' .
 It looks like a quality filter but it does n't fit as recommended . This product is stated to fit a 2010 Acura MDX . It does NOT
 This filter is about 2 inches smaller . Apparently during the 2010 Acura MDX model year they changed the filter holder size and thus the filter . If you check the fram site you will find that they list a different filter for the 2010 MDX . I buy my filters in advance of when I plan to install them so by the time I found out that the size was wrong -LRB- even though it was their error -RRB- they would not accept a return .
 The spring within the sensor has absolutely no tension . I just opened the box the day before yesterday after having the item sit on my shelf for around a year . I inspected it before installation and I decided that I would rather risk a old Denso sensor from the junkyard than this brand new after market one . Total waste of money , order a different brand or get a used one .
 Ordered 2 pairs . Expected 4 batteries . Received only 2 . Seller would not send other pair . Offered refund but had to spend time & money to ship back .
 Item NOT AS PICTURED Described . I ordered this Idler Arm because I needed the option to re grease , This Part should have holes to screw in the grease fittings as shown in picture . I asked other Amazon users if they received the part with grease fittings , reply affirmed it had that option . I received mine with no holes or fittings , -LRB- is it a counterfeit part ? -RRB- I have to return this part , loosing shipping $ both ways . If supplier can rectify the problem , I can update this to positive .
 BCA/National used to be a brand you could trust . Now they are re-boxing cheap Chinese parts and selling them under their brand name . There are portions of this bearing that unmachined compared to the OE . The press plate pictured is now a thin sheet of plastic . The seals are hard . I got only 1 year out of a set of these . TheSKF FW63 Hub Unitis made in Italy . I am going to try those or theTimken 510056 Bearingnext .
 This part does not even come close to fitting my vehicle ! I have received at least 6 incorrect parts this year that do not fit even though this website states that I have the correct items .
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 Just dont make stainless of high grade any more . One hundred percent stainless steel and lifetime warrenty and will not rust they say . This is the 3rd on Ive had in 10 years . Its the only muffler they make for our Buick . But once again the internals rust away and blow out the tailpipe while the outside is still lookin good . I believe it will be the last , I will have one made next time ...
 These are pretty small and since the color didn ' t match , they look pretty stupid in my car . Measure before you buy . Someone else mentioned the staples that hold the package together . Very hard to remove without destroying the product . Whoever designed this should be sentenced to 30 days of just taking these apart . Then there would be new packaging .
 These are the worst quality mats you can get . I dont think it will last even 6 months . Utter waste of $ 30 , They are small and the carpet is thin , Go to Costco and pick up their mats for $ 15 and they are much better
 Rubber Queen 70553 Plush Carpeted 4 Piece Mats - BeigeI 'm very disappointed in these mats . I was unable to find any nice mats comparable to the OEM GM carpeted mats locally so I took a chance on these . I will admit they are a little better than the cheap ones sold at the auto parts stores , but not by much . These are light weight and the `` plush '' is not very plush at all.Edited to say these mats are awful . I only used them for a few weeks because it was shedding so bad . It was all over my pants every time I got in the car . I washed them , vacuumed them and they still shed ...
 I purchased this for my 2010 Nissan Frontier Pro-4xI have no power or response from about 35 to 45 mph , bogs bad just tryin to keep even speedGas millage did increase as long as you go 60 mph otherwise no improvement therePower is much higher just not at above mentioned speedsSounds great but just not worth the hastle at low speed , will be going back to stock very soon
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 I received this mirror today . I am not stupid but installing this turned into a nightmare on a 2012 20,000 mile vehicle . The clips flew off and being black I could not locate them on my equally black interior flooring . It did not stay put and frankly I am writing this order off to undeserved charity because I am too frustrated and so irritated by what I see as an item that is simply not as easy to install or control as it is portrayed . I wish this company well but you have to know how maddening it is to receive instructions too that are as obtuse as the mirror itself appears to be . Objects in this order may be more aggravating than seen on your computer screen .
 had to send the first pair back because they were broke . when i got the second set they were broke too . your better off going to a car shop
 I had these wires on my car for less than 1,000 miles and they are already shot . The spark is jumping out of the boot on the coil pack side causing a major misfire at RPMs past 4k . I 'll be sticking with MSD from this point forward .
 SERVICE WAS OK , THE DESCRIPTION SHOULD TELL CUSTOMER THAT IT ONLY ONE SEAT BELT PER-ORDER , SO I END UO WITH ONE SEAT BELT COMFORTER , THANK YOU .
 Product does not fit the new body style . I did not want to improvise or rig something . A product that carries the name of K&N should fit the truck it is `` designed '' for . Very disappointed .
 Before , I had just connected the ends of both wires together , taped the positive and negative connections separately , then taped them all together to prevent from touching each other . I was looking for something a little bit more `` professional-looking '' . Although these splice connectors are easier to connect , the sheer bulkiness is a big drawback . Add to the fact that you must use two -LRB- one for + , one for - -RRB- and you got yourself two pretty big boxes hanging from your speaker wires . Oh yea , another thing . Once you clamp that middle piece down , it goes flush with the rest of the body so reusing these are n't an option . It gets an extra star just for ease of use . Otherwise look elsewhere if you 're trying to connect speaker wires .
 After buying this item , to my great dismay I found that the picture of the RH157 is actually a picture of the RH154 and that the RH157 -LRB- not pictured -RRB- does not work on a 2000 Escort ZX2 . Before buying a -LRB- Ford -RRB- item like this on Amazon , check out the Motorcraft website for compatibility information and then make the call . Good luck !
 I ordered this part for my 2003 Ford Focus SVT , and this is the wrong part . You need part RH-154 , not RH-157 . The RH-154 is a direct replacement with the openings pre-plumbed to add the sensors that are needed . Also , I found out that when you use a new housing but keep your old sensors , remember to use gasket sealant around them too!Amazon was great , and issued the refund but it was time wasted for a wrong part .
 The car-bra was delivered in a timely manner . It was installed and looked great . However it only lasted 30 days before it started to rip , we repaired the first rip ... then within the week we got another rip in another location . You get what you pay for .
 I have bitten these dash covers in the past and the quality has gone downhill , I could of gotten one else where that would of been better .
 I thought this Hitch Cover was all aluminum . Disappointed that the backing for the emblem is plastic . Seems over priced for what you pay .
 I really should of payed attention to the other reviews , so listen up and pay attention . I got the same hitch cover everyone was talking about . The black and white one , ... it has a little ram emblem above the words in white &#34; RAM &#34; . I believe its too late to send back for the moment since Christmas is really soon . But I will be contacing the seller as soon as I 'm done writing this .
 Received my hitch cover only to find out it was black with white instead of what the picture shows . It also says RAM underneath the Dodge logo which wo n't work with my Durango . Seems good if you actually had a Ram though .
 I bought this item from Best Buy , and this thing broke on me within one year of use . This item is not worth your money , in terms of reliablity . Now I can not charge my laptop in the car anymore . This thing is not worth your well earned bucks , at all .
 Used 4 times while car 's engine was running . First 3 times were fine . Was so happy . Last time , it ruined cigarette lighter and audio player . Ca n't find a cause . Ca n't use both cigarette lighter and audio player anymore . Just lucky that laptop is still OK . Well ... good luck .
 I purchased several CyberPower brand inverters because this is the only brand in stock at Best Buy . Now I understand why it is still in stock while the other brands are sold out . Sometimes they work and sometimes they do not work . I would classify them as substantially unreliable . The end of the CPS150BI model fell off somewhere in the car because it is so cheaply made . Therefore , I bought a much more expensive CyperPower model before a long road trip because it was the only other inverter immediately available . The new purchase did not work at all . This really affected my daughter 's schoolwork because we were on a long road trip and she could not use her computer .
 Installing it took about 45 minutes , but the plastic piece that rides in the door track popped off where it was supposed to be bonded to metal slider . The metal slider screws through the window into an anchor like structure in the form of a circle . The original is a 2 piece design . This one is a 3 piece design . I should have bought an OEM piece . I hope this saves you the time I wasted . To fix it I had to epoxy the two pieces together .
 Product was a pain in the butt to install . I put this on a 4.9 Liter OHV cadillac motor . Had to cut & bend the brake booster tube just to get it to clear the egr valve then had the engine stuck at full throttle on startup . When I went to remove the spacer I discovered the threads pulled out of the block & were stuck on the steel mounting screws . On The plus side I did get to change out my leaky old tbi gasket ! Thanks transdapt .
 The wrong bra was sent to me . I ordered a bra for a 2009 Honda Accord . Instead I was sent a bra for a Saturn automobile . This is a very careless mistake by the shippper . The bra was also of poor quality and did not meet by standards .
 I had used Permatex epoxy in the past and had been satisfied with the product and its adhesion properties . The packets seem to be sealed , I am not sure which is which , but either the hardener or the resin had a dried thick skin , so the glue was pretty much un-usable .
 If you have the 3.9 Lincoln V-8 DO NOT BUY stock number HP-2009 . The screw-on hole is way too small and you 'll be stuck screwing on your old filter and limping to your nearest parts store for one that fits . My first experience with K&N has been regrettable , never again . I should have stayed with the bulletproof Purolator filters .
 This product came in on timely manor , but the product is JUNK . After cleaning the window and putting it on as the directions said the heat and wind hit it , it was peeling back . Do n't by this product . For the price I paid for it they should of game me a half dozen of them so it would last a yr .
 I really liked the look of this product with it 's nice roomy pockets but when I removed it from the package , it reeked ! A very heavy petroleum type smell . I decided to throw it in the washing machine because I could not live with that odor but it fell apart in the washer . It is now unusable and I am sorely disappointed.JCH
 I did a quick purchase of this item on Amazon . My mistake . I found later that the shipping was nearly twice the price of the item ! When I send a message to the seller why this was the case , I received no response .
 I will have a hard time buying from Amanzon again . I never recieved the items that I ordered . After fighting with Best Price Mirrors for the for headlights that I had ordered for over a month I did get my money back . I placed the order on November 29 and was told that my credit card had been billed and the headlights would be shipped within 3 days . Finally after a number of calls and email that most of the time were unanswered they gave me my money back . Amazon needs to take this company off their site .
 Bought my CP9015 locally , not through Amazon.I regret this purchase.You have to count the pulses -LRB- flashing light and beeps -RRB- to read trouble codes . With three digit trouble codes , up to about 500 , this meter and all others like it are very difficult to use.If your vehicle has multiple trouble codes stored , it is very difficult to know where one code starts and the other ends . If you 're just one off due to miscount , or confuse the start of one code for the end of the previous code , you 'll waste time and money investigating and replacing the wrong components.For about $ 10 more , you can get an ODB-1 code reader with a numeric read out , which eliminates counting flashes and beeps .
 The filter -LRB- oil -RRB- that you sold me for my 2007 Avalanche did not fit !!! When I went to the auto parts store , low and behold they sold K&N oil filters ! When we looked it up , they do n't produce a oil filter for an Avalanche . Good job guys you can quess just how good I felt about this purchase . Especially when I was lying under my truck with the oil dripping down my arm , with this oil filter that did not fit . So when I truly rate this experience I would rate it less then one star .
 Product is exact replacement nothing bad on the manufactuer Attwood.After purchasing this item the receipt email said estimated delivery time 3-5 business days . Well 5 days later I get an email telling me that my order was being processed and will ship in 3-5 days . I emailed the company with complaints and never got any response . I even explained in my email for them to contact me , again no response.Needless to say 10 days after placing my order the bow eyes showed up in my mail box , that is 5-7 days late . I will never order from this person again and will suggest if you need anything quickly not to do so .
 Worked good for my truck but did n't work for the car that i actually bought it for so double check before you buy
 No matter how I tighten the screw attachment a slight bump or a gust of wind dislodges this mirror . A permanent glue or screw attachment is probably better .
 I should 've listened to the other complaints and so should you . Its flimsy . The bracket is weak . It cracks as you attempt to tighten it . It does n't stay put . It vibrates . Poor design . I think its kind of small too after really paying attention in my friends wake boats . Kind of tough to really see the kids on a tube 60-80ft back there . It did n't last one summer . Keep looking !
 This would not clamp on my windshield grab bar which is standard size -LRB- or at least I thought it was -RRB- . I tried it all different ways but no go so I just decided to send it back . I went to walmart and purchased a $ 3 one you would clip on a sunvisor for a car and it clips on the grab bar just fine .
 Unfortunately this item is made from cheap , unreinforced plastic . The U-shaped bracket that goes over the windshield frame will crack at the corner and slowly come apart . I assumed this would happen when i looked at it and did n't tighten it at first , but then the mirror kept vibrating loose - once it was properly fastened , the cracks developed in the corners .
 If you open up the Actron CP9025 you will see the only thing it does is short two contacts so the trouble light on the dash will flash the stored codes . If you have the codes for your vehicle then you do not need the book that comes with the Actron CP9025 . If you do not have the codes , then the book may be worth paying for the `` scanner '' . You can do as much with a paperclip as you can with this misnamed product .
 I hooked it up and the unit sent a signal back to the dash with a series of flashes using the check engine light indicator . Looked up the problem codes and replaced the part -LRB- over $ 200.00 US -RRB- that was the the probable cause and the problem resurfaced . The unit is not equipped with accurate data read outs to give you enough data . Using the unit on my 1987 Supra was a waste of time and money .
 Excellent price and quick shipping !!
 When I purchased this gage , the product description said it would fit my 98 f150 . When I attempted to use it , there was no schader valve fitting for my truck . This may be a great tool , but I 've got to buy an adapter so I can use it . When you buy from amazon.com you better be sure before you pay . This is my first and last purchase from amazon.com , in the future I 'll go somewhere so I can see what I 'm buying , like Sears .
 Bought this overseas-made tester to troubleshoot a fuel problem with my 1996 Impala SS . The gage fits fine , though you will need pliers to tighten it enough to stop leaks . The drain valve is a handy feature , but the clear fuel line will harden after the first use , making it aggravating to use . The schrader valve connection has a rubber gasket inside that will deteriorate after a couple uses , causing the connection to leak and make the gage useless . This is a proprietary rubber seal , and local auto parts will not carry parts for these cheap gages . I have tried an o ring without success . Recommend investing in a better quality gage unless you plan to use it once and throw it away .
 Used this tester twice . Tried to use it three times . It worked great the two times that it did work but the third time I tried to use it , the needle valve came apart and the needle feel out of the fitting . Still have n't replace the fitting yet . Great tool , just cheap quality .
 I need an inverter to run a small coffee grinder in our van on trips . Our grinder is rated at 150 watts . Wanting as small unit to store in the van I chose a unit at the right rating . The peak load is rated for 300 watts for a short time . Upon trial when it arrived the power unit shuts off in two seconds . I am unable to use it at all . I do n't know if the grinder uses more than its power rating or if the power unit is too weak to carry the rated load . I am ordering a larger unit to resolve the issue . Note I even tried the grinder without the beans , no better . The unit we received was rated at 150 watts , not 140 I ordered .
 The seat backs fit very nicely and stay in place very well . The same can not be said for the seat bottoms . They bunch up and just do n't seem to fit , and when you shift around or turn to step out of a tall 4x4 , the whole seat bottom cover turns with you because the vinyl is very tacky . Another problem is that these covers are not breathable at all . The center console cover does not stay in place very well , and prevents the cover from latching . On the positive side , the color matches very well to Ford light grey , and the stiching detail looks like factory original to me , though I have n't looked at Ford 's leather seats to compare .
 Alarm has problems , it keeps disarming -LRB- silently -RRB- and unlocking doors in the middle of the night . Unable to get Pyle Support to respond to Phone or Emails .
 the alarm was late in the post , the pyle pwd201k was not worded on the instalation in a good format on the instrutions . i was not impressed .
 When searching for and item and finding this one , I know exactly what I am getting when I order this item . I know all about the manufaturer , their sucess and ... . damn , I do n't know the diameter , the construiction material or anyhting really other than it is a jaw slide . Based on the product description I sure hope you sell lots of these .
 Well ... I ran out and bought this module tester after my mechanic assured me my module was at fault for a misfire . Opening the box and reading the manual of this tester revealed a rather huge caveat
 I have been using similar CH impact wrench for years . The first one lasted several years . But this new one did not work so good under load . If the screw was really tight and I had to put pressure in the back to keep the wrence from jumping , it would start to jam up and by-pass air . I had to return it and was very disappointed . Not like the old Campbell Hausfeld .
 I got this set and had to modify the case to keep the bits from moving freely inside it . I have tried to use the half inch on steel and the mild steel was harder than it . I also bought a bit sharpener , I have a need for it now . I plan to try to harden them but I 'm not sure I am going keep them .
 Do not buy these are Chinese junk I used them once had to throw them away I cant believe they can get away with selling them as drill bits .
 These bits are for wood only and no where in the description are you told . They are not even quality wood bits . They grab and splinter , very poor quality . Total waste of money .
 I did n't buy this drill bit set from Amazon but from another seller . I am however , a frequent Amazon shopper and wanted to warn anyone contemplating buying this chinese crap . The 5/8 '' bit would not drill a piece of 1/8 '' mild steel . Consider yourself warned ...
 I purchased a set of floor mats from Coverking -LRB- thru a reseller -RRB- for a Mercedes Benz 350SDL . When I received my product it appeared the product was for a Mercedes 350SD . Compared to the original floor mats , Coverkings front floor mats were ill cut and the rear mats were 5 '' short . I contacted the reseller who tried to contact Coverking various times , by phone and email , without success to remedy the situation . The reseller refunded my money in the end and apologized for the unfortunate experience , which was beyond their control . Coverking 's website indicates the product is for the 350 SDL which it clearly is not . I will not buy another Coverking product after this experience .
 The mats shown in the ad vs the mats I received are not the same . As I indicated in an earlier review the mats shown have eyelets for securing to the floor of the vehicle . My car 2010 Cadillac DTS has the catches in the floor for the mats with the eyelets . The mats I received do not have that feature . They tend to move and not be stationary .
 The image for this product clearly shows a brass connector shaped like the plastic connectors - with an 0-ring around the male connector . It is the only brass connector I could find anywhere that looks like it will fit with plastic connectors -LRB- which is the only reason I can see that anyone would buy this particular connector -RRB- . The actual product is a conventional brass connector , with the rubber seal in the female piece . It looks identical to `` Orbit Brass Hose Shut-Off Quick Connect Set 58285 '' -LRB- which is half the price -RRB- .
 I bought this under the impression that it did not contain lead so that I could use it on my pets ' automatic water bowl . This item came with a warning sticker on it regarding the contents containing lead . I later found one locally that does not contain lead .
 Product looks good and made as advertised from solid brass , however female connector of the pair is of bad quality . The middle part of the connector that is supposed to act as a gate to the water flow gets stuck and it is difficult to put it back into correct position . Thought I had bad luck just with one , but next one I have installed got the same problem the next day . I bought other set of brass connectors many years ago at Home Depot - these are still serving me in one of my two homes , but Home Depot now sells only cheap aluminum alloy stuff - if you need to buy a garden hose connector , look at different brand ...
 Pros :1 -RRB- Decent new clutch assembled from components sourced from genuine OEM japanese part supplier - OEM component numbers all over part confirm this .2 -RRB- Possibly aquired by this repackager `` New Generation '' from LUK clutch and then tossed together with bearings aquired from another japanese vendor - ? Cons :1 -RRB- Took several weeks to ship -LRB- was expected but in the long run , could have sourced it locally for $ 20 more and in 3-4 days -RRB- 2 -RRB- Someone forgot the pilot bearing !!! And there is a picture of it on the ridculous neon box . $ 15 more added to the repair cost , the downtime has been too long to let the seller settle it - time is money and it took several weeks just to ship this .3 -RRB- the throwout bearing is pressed together off center and could not be used . Had to buy another one to save the project , $ 25 more to the cost . Thank god they were the same in all subies of that vintage . 4 -RRB- Too much time on the flashy box that hits the trash before the tires the road , and not enough time in quality/packaging control .4 -RRB- Should have just picked up the locally available part and been able to deal with someone over the counter.The seller would probably like a chance to `` fix '' the problem , but the difficulty is in the world of professional auto repair , there is no room for failures like this if you are going to participate in the mail order game . I can not afford it and be profitable ; and the suppliers failure becomes my image to my customers .
 I was enticed to look/buy the Actron CP7672 Multimeter as it was presented as a $ 30 item , on sale for $ 15 . I found it to be of the same characteristics as multimeters found everywhere in the $ 15 to $ 20 range . It was n't what I was expecting it to be - a better quality multimeter .
 I bought this set for a 2003 ford Ranger 2.3 DOHC four cyl . It was listed to fit this model . They have the wrong ends for the coil -LRB- mine are the european contact style -RRB- they are for early four bangers . They -LRB- MSD -RRB- told me they do n't make them and it was not their fault . They did seem willing to work with me and would send the correct ends . But at the time they did n't make them . I bet they would send me two more -LRB- same type -RRB- and then I could use them on my 1985 S-10 2.8 V6 . I will contact them again and see what we can work out . If not who else makes a 8.5 spiral wound wire Heli-Core -LRB- high end -RRB- for a 2003 ford Ranger 2.3 DOHC four cyl . ?
 The product is useless . It does not bond . Too costly to return as postage is too costly . so disposed of it in the rubbish . Very disappointed with product .
 I needed a circuit tester so instead of buying a cheap one at $ 3 I decided to get what I thought would be a good one at $ 20 - well I finally took my Actron out of the package for use and it does not work so I went to the store and got a $ 3 unit that works !
 This is a reasonable measurement tool . However , you need to ensure it is accurate enough for your needs . Initial accuracy is 4F -LRB- about 2C -RRB- . But when the meter gets cold , the meter reads a much lower and more inaccurate temperature . Therefore , you need to keep the meter in room temperatures , and if you need to make a reading in a cold ambient temperature , do so quickly.The meter is easy to operate and read and seems quite robust ; I have dropped one onto concrete and it survived.The odd thing is Amazon asked me how to rate this toy when I wrote this review !
 ordered three bottles got one full and used are half full email auto alley abut this did not get answerthis was tst 40266 max
 the studs are made of extremly cheap crap . both of them broke while installing . i would not recommend this product
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 I just got mine the other day and it says Made in China right on it , so the other review who said it was made in the USA was either wrong or they no longer make these in the US . I 'm pretty disappointed because I thought I was buying an American made product . Also I am very disappointed to see that it only goes up to 60 PSI considering pretty much all cheap compressors these days go up to at least double that . 60 PSI is barely enough to inflate a truck tire , but if you have a big trailer or RV that requires more pressure , forget it . The only good thing about this unit is that the compressor nozzle is metal not plastic . Plastic nozzles that break is the reason why I had to throw away a similar Black & Decker and Stanley unit -LRB- also made in China , by the way -RRB- . The warranty is only a year and after that you have to pay $ 75 plus shipping -LRB- so probably around $ 100 considering it 's heavy -RRB- to have it fixed , so probably not worth it if you can buy a brand new one for $ 160 .
 After reading the reviews on this starter/compressor , I thought I ordered a compact compressor/starter with some `` power '' . Boy , was I Wrong ! I was shocked to see it only provides 60 psi . My horse trailer tires required at least 80 + lbs . It does have a power outlet and charger cables but you can get that in a much cheaper version . I stopped looking and reboxed it ; after noticing the 60 psi it was worthless to me . For the price $ 273.17 -LRB- with s/h -RRB- that 's not good enough . Plus , I could never get a live person on the phone for return info , it was email only communication -LRB- Fox automotive -RRB- I Bought it on 2/18/09 returned it 02/27/09 and finally got my refund of 224.00 on 3/20/09 but only after I inquired about my credit . Plus I had to pay for return shipping $ 21.00 -LRB- that was the cheap shipping -RRB- Trust me it cost me 70.17 cents to figure out this was n't what I wanted . Not convinced this product is worth the time or the money . But it 's pretty : -RRB- I found a compressor/charger at an auto store for 59.99 . Works great!I hope I 've helped with this review !
 I bought this manual to be able to work on Chinese motor scooters . The problem I encountered was 1 -RRB- that even within a single model year of a particular brand , there is no standardization of parts , and 2 -RRB- that this manual is necessarily general and sometimes vague . The information one needs is probably there somewhere , but digging it out is tiresome . So is deciphering the Chinese rendition of the English language . Some of the images and diagrams are also confusing . I ended up selling off my Chinese motor scooters for what I paid for them and buying an Aprilia Scarabeo 150 -LRB- Italian design with an Austrian power train -RRB- . It was the difference between night and day , and I can not recommend Chinese scooters or this manual which does not really help much in a crunch . Two stars seems charitable .
 I have rarely found Haynes to be comparable to a CHilton or shop guide and this is NO exception ! It paints with such broad strokes that you will never see consecutive instruction nor pictures even under one topic for opne model it claims to `` cover . `` Please do n't waste your money on this book . Blind is almost better !
 I ordered a dash mat for a 2002 Dodge Dakota . . In reviewing my order , I ordered the correct year . But received 2005 to 2007 dash mat . I am in the process of returning it . This was a Christmas gift for my husband . In fear of this happening again , we will purchase it locally .
 Never got the product , used the librarys computer to order the product and never got accesss to a computer untill now . be caustious buying online i guess .
 UPDATE AT END 1/7/2013Why , oh why , ca n't someone make a car organizer with real dividers that are attached to the floor of the item , thus preventing things from getting wedged and wrinkled at the bottom!This organizer not only fails in that department , it 's klunky , impractically designed , ridiculously heavy when filled , and otherwise nothing more than a box with some pockets.When we opened the box , we found the top and the base , which is folded flat . No instructions.Instructions ? you say ? Yes , instructions , as in , what is the correct method for affixing the `` dividers '' in the interior of the device . Can you figure it out ? Yes you can , but a page of instructions with even a line or two of text and some picture might make this less of a frustrating process in terms of initial set up.One thing you will notice immediately is that because the organizer folds flat -LRB- an otherwise useful design detail -RRB- there 's no rigidity to the organizer when it 's opened up . In other words , the fold creases are still there and the organier does n't hold a firm , rectangular shape . This is disappointing and makes the organizer seem `` floppy '' and cheap.The top does fit nicely , but the box description indicates that the top can be flipped and used as a writing base or to hold items that slide . Sure it can , but it does n't `` affix '' to the organizer when flipped . What good is a hard shelled top that `` holds stuff '' if , while it 's holding stuff , it 's sliding off the top . When mom brakes hard once time , whatever is in that top is going to come flying off and forward.The pockets on the sides are a nice feature . I do n't care that they 're the same on either side , but they are , and they do hold the usual items - markers , games , etc. . The beverage holders on the front are nice , and effective ; however , be forewarned , when you fill this organizer , it 's heavy . Maybe even too heavy . And when you use the `` shoulder strap '' you 'll find that the organizer is klunky and overweighted . The folding creases make it floppy and saggy , and all of the sudden , your cleverly organized items are really in a boxy , innefective duffle bag ... which brings us to this complaint ... Dividers that do not affix to the bottom and prohibit items within from going UNDER the dividers , are ineffective and problematic . Food particles , papers , crayon flakes , dirt , dust , pencil lead , pencils , whatever , can shift beneath the dividers willy nilly , and that is really a shame . As the bottom is not flat and hard you 'll find this particularly annoying when you transport the organizer . The flexible material on the interior of the organzier again makes it feel like a duffle bag inside a box.To duplicate this , I recommend you get a cardboard file box and put a rain coat inside . Then , place some cardboard dividers inside and you 'll get the exact sensation of using this organizer.What 's needed is a set of true dividers or fixed dividers that do not allow shifting on the bottom . And the top would be imminently more useful if it actually attached to the organizer.Also , if it were a tad smaller , it would n't be so bulky and heavy during transport . While I appreciate the space , much is wasted with the fabric interior , and the result is this box frame that is just structurally too big.Finally , while being able to fold the organizer flat is a nice touch for space saving reasons - when it 's opened , it ought to `` lock '' into place so that the fold lines do n't disturb the integrity of the storage system as they do , in this instance . That locking mechanism would tie in easily to a flippable top that would then also lock into place.I wish I could say there are better organizers on the market , but I 'm still on the hunt . As for this one being marketed for kids , I 'm not sure it 's really the end all be all of car organizers , but the pocket space and beverage compartments are decent enough.One star.UPDATE FOR CLARIFICATIONI recognize that dividers that can be moved are a plus in many , many instances . This flexibility allows you to create storage space equal to the size that you need . Plus , there are many items that are going to be put in organizers such as this one , that do n't slide beneath dividers.My complaint is that when there 's nothing `` fixed '' on the interior , sliding occurs . Pack a couple of coloring books in and move this thing around and you 'll see what I mean . They will slide down , and part of one will slide under and next thing you know , you 've got wrinkled , crinkled coloring books . Food particles , crayon flakes , and whatever other small items your kids will toss in here are n't going to stay in the compartment where they land.I 'm all for flexibility , but it has to be practical , functional flexibility . If you intend to only use this for storing and/or organizing larger , bulkier items and shifting is of no concern , this may work for you.But I ca n't complain enough about a product that advertises a functional solid surface top that does n't actually afix to the product . It 's not a great lap board , sorry.UPDATE 1/13/2013The issue of safety has come up in several reviews related to car organizers .1 . No car organizer should be used if it ca n't be secured by seatbelt or with proper clamps . This organizer CAN be secured by seatbelt .2 . In a crash , loose items inside a car organizer not only will shift , but can become projectiles . Hard plastic cups on the outside , hard books , pens , pencils , crayons , tossing about at 60 mph in your car during a crash can be extremely dangerous and/or lethal . This is one of the reasons a functioning , securable top is absolutely essential to any organizer . No , you do n't have to use it . No , the top may not be a big selling point to you . But having a top that zips closed or latches closed could be the difference between a trip to the hospital or not , in crash .3 . If the organizer does n't hold shape during a crash , there is the risk of shrapnel from the contents of the organizer . This is one reason some suggest that foldable sides , while convenient for storage , are n't a great idea if they do n't lock into place . They do not lock into place with this item .4 . We have to review products as it relates to their intended purpose . Some products present potential safety concerns . I would submit that this product , just as almost every other item marketed as a car organizer on the market today , presents some of the very same safety concerns . Safety is certainly something to consider with any product .
 This is one of the purchases I have regretted most in recent history.This backseat organizer is largely worthless.The concept is great in theory . And if the construction of the product were a little heartier then it may have worked out . I 'm not sure if the manufacturer made this organizer collapsible in order to save on packaging and shipping or if they were just lazy , but it is a piece of junk . The interior organizing panels do not lock into place and the velcro used to hold the panels in place is equally worthless.This should have been constructed out of a hard sided or much firmer material . The interior organizers should have been fixed into place or should have used slots to `` lock '' them in , not velcro.I would NOT advise buying this product . It is a waste of money . You would do just as well buying a $ 5 rubbermaid container and throwing it onto the backseat . It would organize things just about as nicely .
 I checked if this product fit in my Explorer 1999 XLT and Amazon 's site indicate me YES , then I buyed this article but when I received not fit in my car .
 I paid more for this than the other cheap junk , but this was just expensive junk . Seams pulled apart after a month , and nothing more than a map book and a couple of hats in it . Do n't waste your money .
 All the seams have started coming loose with light usage . I put a map book and some napkins in this and it is falling apart .
 This organizer can hold books , small baby wipes container , etc. for kids . The one major drawback is that it does n't stay flat on the seat -LRB- it sticks out kind of far and flaps -RRB- . We had to use a bungee cord to attach it to the bottom portion of the seat in our van . It works okay if you do this . I would not recommend it though as the picture shows it flat against the seat and it is a little misleading .
 I bought two of these and was really looking forward to corralling all of the books and toys that my children bring into the car . The photo on the box shows the organizer laying flat against the seat . When I put the organizer on my seat , it flapped out so that it almost reached the edge of my child 's seat . There is a black cord that came in the box but there are no instructions on what to do with it . I 'm assuming that it is to tie the organizer to the seat but it wo n't fit around my seat plus I do n't want an ugly black corder going around my seats!I will be returning both of these and am frustrated with the time wasted .
 Because it broke on our drive and that 's what happened . I did n't put as much stuff that 's in the picture . Maybe it was just a faulty product , but I just should 've put my old backpack on the seat .
 I had been repeatedly invited to ` try ' Royal Purple branded products by friends whom I consider authorities in hot-rodding and racing , for myself . I own a repair and maintenance facility and have a wide variety of products available to me already . The suggestion that I could n't discount , was the claim that Royal Purple actually improves fuel mileage by reducing friction . In so much as this claim is far from unique , the claimer , in this case , cited that he could prove it . He not only showed comparisons , but his claims cited other synthetics which included higher priced and regarded oils . The machine I bought this oil for is a new purchase - 2003 Harley-Davidson VRSCA ` V-Rod ' Anniversary Edition . The cycle had accrued 10,500 miles when purchased . The entire machine was impeccable , inside and out . It also came with a Dyna-Tune Commander III and modified intake and exhaust options . I rode the bike down from Indy , recording a steady 35MPG , tank after tank , driving back roads all the way South . The clutch chattered from the beginning , if I did n't bring the engine speed up alot , which made me think it was me and not the bike . Engine pulled very strong , coming very alive above 5000RPM . I ordered and received my Max-Cycle 20w50 when I arrived back home in Florida , bought a OEM oil filter , and changed to the new oil.I immediately noticed a reduction in clutch chatter -LRB- much less but not gone -RRB- and shift noise . -LRB- I do n't know what kind of oil was it the engine before -RRB- . I noticed a small amount of clutch slippage -LRB- 1 > 2 -RRB- on hard acceleration once , but that went away on its own after several weeks of the new oil . -LRB- I had not tried to 85 % + off the line prior to changing my oil so I can not say if the slippage was there already -RRB- . Fuel mileage records now show a steady 37MPG - showing a net gain of 2MPG . The bike remains exactly as I purchased it , except the oil change . I would say the oil does work.But at nearly $ 10 per quart , is it worth the 2MPG ? And is this the ONLY oil that can return these points of satisfaction ? I do n't know.As for my purchase , I do n't regret buying this oil and will use all of it in time -LRB- bought a case -RRB- and in the meantime , I 'll shop around , ask questions and seek documentation of other product performances .
 Their website ads claim items are `` Available and in stock '' and that once paid for you will receive your order quickly but after waiting for two weeks I emailed them and asked where my stuff was since it was paid for instantly via credit card etc. . They answered that my item had not even arrived to them yet ! `` We are waiting for the item you ordered to be received by our shipping location , once the item is received . Your order is scheduled to ship out to you at the end of this week . '' So much for being `` IN STOCK . `` On BFM 's own site their `` Order Processing , Shipping , & Returns '' instructions are 1,183 words long ! ... they `` really '' do n't want to give `` you '' your money back no matter what . Oddly there is no mention of their own false advertising.And do n't forget what it says on every external website seller 's ad on Amazon
 If you have an oil lubed clutch DO NOT buy this oil.I bought this oil to help keep my bike running optimally . I own a '92 Suzuki Intruder 1400 . I changed the oil , and like another review said , did n't see any engine performance increase , but its oil . I did notice that my clutch started to slip when I punched the throttle , which has n't happened since I stopped using regular oil and started using ` motorcycle oil ' at the suggestion of my mechanic . He states that my clutch is lubricated with engine oil so I have to use a high grade ` motorcycle oil ' or I will get clutch slippage . After less than 1000 miles shifting started to get harder and a few hundred miles after that -LRB- I put about 75 miles a day on my bike -RRB- the clutch stopped shifting my bike . Took it in , my mechanic dumped the oil , made some adjustments to get the clutch working again , and said `` Ride it . If your lucky , we dumped the oil before it totally ruined your clutch . '' Time will tell.Since its been almost 2 months , I can not return the remaining oil , and since amazon sells it , I can not even email the seller . I still have 7.5 quarts of $ $ oil that I can NOT USE !!! , and I am out -LSB- ... -RSB-
 If you do n't know anything about oil then its very easy to associate expensive oil with being much better.When i first got my gsxr 600 2006 , i tried a few of the expensive oils since money was n't really an issue with my new toy.Theres no performance increase with royal purple motorcycle oil . you wont get more miles to the gallon . itwont make your engine quieter.I now use cheaper regular full synthetic motorcycle oil that costs half the price and i ca n't tellthe difference between that and when i had royal purple in there.Royal purple is too expensive and not worth it . Its more expensive because they spend moreon advertising and color it purple i guess.If you really want to spend more and the best for your engine then just change the engine oil more often .
 returned the item , got a different product . After reading about how its hit or miss quality and the difficulty in changing the battery I decided something else would be a wiser choice .
 Broke within one week . Too inexpensive to bother returning . You get what you pay for !
 Save your money , purchased and used 3 times , had the battery go . Ca n't change and ca n't open without destroying . Roadgear would not replace it or even call me back .
 Gauge has a very poor seal on stems of my motorcycle tires . In my experience , it reads 0 psi 3 out of every 4 or so tries . When I do manage to get a reading , and repeat , about half the time it reads 5 psi . All this results in a significant loss of tire pressure . I 'm using this in cold weather -LRB- ~ 35 deg F -RRB- and notice others have had a similar problem . Sending back to Amazon using their excellent return service .
 I thought this new Roadgear talking tire gauge would be a good replacement for the Roadgear all black digital gauge I 've carried on all my bikes since 1996 or so , -LRB- I bought it from Roadgear at a rally in Oregon -RRB- . It Is n't . The voice feature is nice and it works but the gauge is both inaccurate and hard to use . When I checked the pressure in a tire it was 45psi on 3 different gauges , this gauge read 43psi . It is always 2psi low . Sealing the tip on my 90 degree valve stems is almost impossible . The head of the tire gauge needs to be angled for the new 90 degree valve stems , more like a car tire gauge . Overall , it ` sorta ' works but I expected more.The return process with Amazon is truly amazing . Easy , fast and efficient . I have never before returned anything to Amazon and this experience reinforces my shopping here .
 I purchased this product in October ' 09 . By December of ' 09 , it was dead . Sure , it worked great when it did work . It was never dropped or banged around . Batteries replaced , still dead . As another reviewer mentioned , too inexpensive to go through the hassle of a return/replacement , so I did the consumer < sigh > , resigned to being duped by yet another poorly constructed -LRB- but sold as reliable -RRB- piece of junk that gave zero value back for the money spent . I settled instead for a solid , well-built , ANALOG gauge from Amazon . It 's no longer available , but this
 Bought this for my motorcycle along with the pen version . They work great , and give -LRB- seemingly -RRB- accurate readings . The head angle makes it easy to get around the brake rotors on my SV-650 . Unfortunately , the pen gauge died about 2 years after I got it , and the regular one died after 5 years
 I purchased this pressure gauge late February 2008 . I have kept this gauge inside my house when not in use . Well , last week , I left the gauge in the garage for a few days where the overnight temperatures got down to just below 30 degrees F . When I went to use the gauge a few days later it would not work at all . I brought the gauge inside for a couple hours and checked it after it `` warmed up '' . It worked fine . I put it back outside for 1 hour when the temp was about 33 degrees F. Again ... it would not work . What a pain in the ole keister . This gauge is not worth it unless you live in areas of the country that are always warm . I 'm going to try to return this gauge and buy a different brand .
 I ca n't even complain about poor performance . This item arrived today , and has failed to work AT ALL after repeated attempts . It wo n't talk to me , wo n't show a readout , NOTHING - even after trying a new battery . Needless to say , it 's going back .
 The sticker is 36 inches , and the box I received it in was 36 inches . I was excited because this meant they did n't roll or crease the sticker . WRONG . They folded it half way up the sticker , leaving a nice crease in the vinyl letters.Order at your own risk - I 'm returning it and not taking a chance on a replacement .
 This sticker came in a huge box with some sort of company book in it , which I assume caused the sticker to get smashed and completely wrinkled . The decal was already peeled off part way , otherwise if it were straight and not packaged with a book , im sure it would be fine .
 The information on this product states that this item it will fit most RV 's . Not so , not even close . There is no way to even motifiy this item to make it work . Was a total waste of money . I 've had RV 's for over 40 + years , and have never even seen a gutter even close to what this will fit . Not even worth sending back due to the shipping return charges being more that this product cost . Would not recommend this product to anyone . To bad you have even give it one star , in order to leave a review
 I believe there are few motor homes this will fit as it requires the end piece to snap it to . The picture shows the gutter end and the snap on extender in a lighter white but only the snap on extender is provided .
 The extensions will not work on older rvs that do not have the newer style gutters . I have a 97 Coachman with gutters that do not turn out at the ends . I am sure they would work well on newer rvs but can not be modified to fit the older models .
 I have a Palamino Gazelle TT and these did not fit on the factory gutters . I think everyone should save the money and just put a clothespin on the end of your gutter . This technique works great and easily replaceable .
 The end of the cable that adapts back to the scanner was the wrong size . have not found a scanner that it will work on .
 Although the meter is accurate from what I have tested , it does have a few issues in my opinion : -LRB- a -RRB- the 500V scale setting does not match the graduations on the meter - it is labeled `` 250VAC '' . Therefore , one must double the reading measured on the meter to get the real world value . Example
 I should have purchased one of these a long time ago . The machine works fine and will press-out the most stubborn u-joint , etc. . The only problem I encountered was upon delivery the press was missing one -LRB- 1 -RRB- stabilizer bar . I contacted Torin out in Southern California about three -LRB- 3 -RRB- weeks ago ... left multiple phone messages and have yet to hear back from them or receive the missing part . Bottom line
 Putting a 12 ton jack on 2 ton rated steel does not make a 12 ton press . What a worthless piece of pot metal . The press buckled and bent with its first use last night and did n't get the job done . I am hoping I can return it , I will update .
 The photo of the product makes it look like a huge container of soap . But it is only 32 ounces ! Which to be fair is listed in the product title . But still , the shape of the container is being used to make the product look bigger than it is . The `` handle '' looks big enough to get your hand through , but you 'd be lucky to get 3 fingers through . Also , the video shows a much larger container of soap .
 Cable was about two inches too long . I have n't contacted the company yet , but I am now in need of two cables the correct length as well as a way to repair the bolt receiver in the tailgate as it has stripped out .
 this product does n't fit . . after the system said it would fit . its to long for my avalanche ... horrible ... i do n't want to go through the hassle of returning it . . but do n't beleive the system when it said it fits your car or truck ...
 It said it would fit . Said it was for my model and year truck , but it was too long . Sending it back was to much hassle . They got me this time , but never again .
 not happy the mazda 6 '' lead adapters were missing forcing me to buy from local dealership
 The product is great but the shipping and handling made it $ 5 ! I could have went to Pep Boys and got it for a buck ! Ooops ! Goes to show that not everything should be purchased online !
 The meter itself was well designed . I especially liked the battery testing feature . But then I read the label attached to the test leads.It says in effect that the test leads contain lead and you should wash your hands after using the tester ! This is insane ! I would n't have this meter anywhere in reach of children or pets , or myself for that matter . I promptly threw it away .
 defective parts - cant reach the companty by phone . Lets see what happens when I try to reach them by email to return these defective parts
 We have filed a complaint with Amazon as this seller sent us a drivers side headlight when it was sold as a passenger side headlight which is what we needed . Although we have e-mailed and phoned this seller we have had no response . There has been no response from the seller to Amazon either -LRB- that I 'm aware of -RRB- . This is the worst Amazon transaction we have ever had . How can we fix this problem when they have to give us a return number for us to exchange this headlight ? It was their error and they are ignoring the problem .
 The gauge 's needle rest position is 9 inches Hg vacuum . Useless . Returned to Amazon for replacement . On a positive note
 these vacuum pressure tester kits are not the samewithout any pressure one shows different than the other
 Its not what was addvertized its just a vacume gauge not compression it only have the hose for vacume and none for compression until now I have n't used it because I ca n't find a set of compression hose and fittings so iam disapointed verry much wo n't recomend to any one .
 This gauge is supposed to be able to test fuel pressure but it 's only good to 10PSI where most fuel systems run anywhere from 15-40 PSI . It 's nice looking and easy to read but is no good for what it was intended to do.I would not buy again but if the manufacturer had another model that went as high as 50 PSI , then I would buy that one instead .
 I had purchased this , and it had came in a good amount of time . The problem was with the item itself . Buyer BEWARE the product is of horrendous value . The plastic pieces are of substantial crap . The plastic adapter pieces had broke within the poor quality made hose . Due to both of these poorly made objects , they in turn had broke on each other . In addition to this , the gauge itself is a joke -LRB- only tried on fuel pressure -RRB- . I was getting a 100 + reading according to the gauge when in turn my pump should only be delivering about 30psi . Take heed , this was not an incorrect reading by the operator . The gauge itself SAYS readings are x10 -LRB- times 10 -RRB- . Therefore if i got a reading of 3 -LRB- 30 psi -RRB- it would be great . But instead i got readings of 100 + + psi . I was amazed and thought either my pump is magically delivering this amount of pressure , or this gauge is faulty by far . I recommend when you see other comments saying it is of poor quality , do not bother to read another comment on success stories . This is an honest review on a first days use . I was careful not to break anything because i wanted it to work for my good , being that i only have so much money i did not want to break it nor waste my valuable time . Now i have to suffer with my mistake of getting a poorly made item , and i have to deal with a customer support that who knows how they treat people . I want a refund without any questions . I will submit another review , based on the product again , so it can be posted here , as well as a review on the service i receive when i mail it back this week . It better be pre-payed returnable .
 This thing sucked . It was missing a weight , and 2 of the springs . Rendering it useless to me . Get the Moroso one .
 It was good for 1 month then got bad . Buy oem ones its not worth buying it a few bucks cheaper .
 I 'm on my third hitch insert . The blue Ford logo light has failed on all three . The last one failed within five minutes of installation . The brake light on all three seems to work fine , but if you 're interested in the blue Ford logo , forget it.Also , since this is entirely plastic , so if somebody bumps you while parking , even a light tap - it 's busted .
 The part number used as this item 's description and the picture both are what I need . Specifically , a hood strut for a VW Golf highline . The highline cars get a silver hood strut . The other cars get a black one . The black one 's part number ends in D . The black one is what they sent ... well , an aftermarket version of it anyway . By using a VW part number and showing a picture of the VW part that corresponds to it , I expected to get what I ordered . I did not .
 Cheapest quality junk I 've ever seen . After I installed it properly . It leaks oil all over in my car . The face is broken loose and wiggles around , and it makes an annoying noise along with my rpms when oil psi builds . I want a refund i did not pay for garbage .
 I thought this item was the same product I had purchased at RadioShack a few years ago . I wanted employees that worked on trailers to have a tool like this to check voltage on trailer wire harnesses when lights failed to work without disassembling the wiring plug or lights . This tool is not as compact as the RadioShack model and although it lists continuity testing as a feature of the tool , it does not have it 's own battery to power a continuity test , -LRB- again the RadioShack model does -RRB- . The wire probe does not center itself on the wire as well either . The probe is too loose and can move off to one side of the wire or the other without piercing into the copper conductor . It 's okay , just not as good as the tool I own and not as good as I had hoped for .
 I purchased this power probe after seeing it advertised on Two Guys Garage . I would not order this if I had of known how simplistic and overpriced this was . It does work as described but is extremely overpriced for the technology .
 As the owner of an indepentant auto repair shop I was pretty excited about this product when a friend of mine who also owns a shop told me about it . I came home from work and jumped on the computer to do research while I was eating dinner.What I found is YES . . this is a great tool `` WHEN IT WORKS '' . Apparently they have had many batches of them that did not work properly and to avoid the losses of scrapping those batches they sold them off to wholesalers such as Amazon and did NOT include a warranty.So ... I either pay twice as much to buy one from the snap on guy OR I buy this one off of amazon and they will not stand behind it . Either way I think I will just live without it . I refuse to give my money to any company who doesnt care about the product they put out just as long as it brings in money.This comes from a verified Power Probe warranty rep. `` TIPPLE02-08-2012 , 04:30 PMreading over the posts i see people mentioning amazon and ebay when wanting to buy a power probe . to that i say `` just dont '' , support your local tool dealer and spent the $ 20 a week . i am in charge of warranty and repair and when a tech turns in a power probe for warranty repair i always ask for a recept , if that recept shows amazon or ebay the warranty is turned down because they ar not authorized dealers . just be carefull `` It also says right on their site that your purchase here on amazon will NOT be covered under warranty since Amazon is not an `` authorized dealer `` So . . anyone know of a comparable product made by a company that cares about their customers and the quality of their product more than where you bought it?I would love to have something like this from a company with more than dollar figures in their mind .
 I thought the price was right , so I decided to buy a `` professional '' type of tool for compressing/exchanging the springs on my 1957 Chevy . I had read a number of articles about how to build your own DIY spring compressor with a 2-foot piece of threaded rod , washers , nuts , and an eye bolt . I thought it would be safer to use a `` proper '' spring compressor so I bought this item.This spring compressor did n't work so well -- it kept letting go of the spring when the spring was under tension . The instantaneous inadvertent release of a compressed front coil spring created a very scary BANG ! and presented a safety hazard . I consulted several others about proper technique for using this tool , and several mechanics advised me that the threads on the tool needed to be kept well greased . I did that . I was also told that some rubber friction material should be placed between the arms of the spring compressor and the spring to keep the tool from jumping off of the spring . I did that too . I used the spring compressor for several hours , and I was never successful . Every time that the spring was compressed under enough tension , the tool would lose its grip and the spring would let go with explosive force . I did n't consider the tool to be safe to use given the performance that I was getting from it , so I abandoned it and looked for another option.I ended up going to the hardware store and buying a 2-foot section of 1/2 `` threaded rod , a threaded 1/2 '' eye bolt , several washers and a few nuts . I built my own spring compressing tool out of a threaded rod and various hardware parts for a total cost of about $ 6 . The threaded rod and washer method was absolutely reliable in compressing the spring . It performed much better than this tool and it only cost about 20 % of its price.If you are interested in buying this tool , I would like to sell you mine .
 This is not a well made tool . I bought it to put front coil springs in a 60 's classic car that I am rebuilding the front end on . It did one spring well but the flange bent in the process and when I got to the second spring it released the spring under full tension and almost injured me badly .
 The product fit perfectly and was easy to install in the factory casing . However , for costing almost 4 times as much as a standard paper filter from Fram I would expect to at least think I was getting any performance gains . There is absolutely no gains in gas mileage , and it sure does n't feel like there are performance gains in acceleration . At least it is re-usable , provided I buy the cleaning oil at around ten dollars a bottle . Come to mention it , when that time comes I will be in about 50 dollars and could have replaced a paper filter five times ... Value ? maybe if you plan on keeping your car for the full million mile warranty the K&N filter comes with . My advice , stick with the paper filters or go with a cold air intake . No sense in hoping this product will benefit you in any manner performance wise .
 I order this product and it did worked in my Mazda 3 , co n't even sent it back . I had hope to used this in the car but I was disappointed by what I receive , and not to sure if to buy filters again .
 Contrary to Amazon.com 's product info page , this item does NOT include a roller fairlead . I returned it . -LRB- It does appear that a roller fairlead that came with an ATV winch could be attached to this mounting bracket . -RRB-
 If i had to do it all over again , I would not purchase this brand . I bought 5 gauges and have replaced three of them already via the manufacturer
 I used these on a 2001 honda civic . I had to drill out the hole for the emergency brake . The hold was there but was not quite big enough . Also when I got them on , I could barely fit the drum back on . It was a very tight fit . I did adjust them as much as possible to make the drum easier to get on .
 2012 Update
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 The cable coating is not flexible if the temp is even close to freezing . The boosting capability of the inner wire and the clamps is good . But when its only +20 degrees outside and you pick up the cables five feet from the end of them and they just stick out horizontally like there is a 2x4 attached to them , that makes the cable pretty worthless . If it was 30 below zero out , I think they would just snap in half . The outer coating on the cables is junk .
 Cheaply made and fragile . Burnt out in a few weeks ? Amazon did send a quick replacement . There is a metal washer on the top that seems to make it vulnerable to water damage .
 I installed this solenoid on my motor and began the season in May , 2011 . It worked fine until today , only four months later . It just quit , and there seems to be an internal break in the actuating solenoid wiring . I 'm very disappointed .
 Leg length is a joke ordered xxl might fit a 28 '' inseam -LRB- maybe -RRB- came up to my shins . Zipper on main trunk good but only goes to top of jeans I need a chair to get this thing on , zipper in legs get cought in gusset unless you run your finger down as you zip . No hook on liner bottom so it is in the velcro all the time . Very heavy , not built by a biker trying to get it on because he waited to long for the rain to go around . a person would be better to just ride through a small rain , would be ok for those days when you and leave it on all day .
 works perfectly , but the legs size are too short , you must buy boots for getting complete water proof
 You 'll notice that all the five star reviews go back a couple of years when this bag was obviously made of nylon/canvas and was a quality product . Since then , the manufacturer has changed it into a cheap piece of plastic material that looks for all the world like a large , and admittedly reinforced , Hefty bag . It 's plastic inside and out with some type of reinforcing fiber woven through it . Feels like it 's about 6-7mil thick . The accompanying warnings about adding a down piece to your tailpipe should be well heeded because even with the exhaust 7-8 inches away , it will melt this product.Speaking of melting , I have serious doubts about the durability of this product in extreme cold - it will either become too stiff to work with or crack , neither a desirable outcome . About the only good thing I can say is that it is obviously waterproof with a good zipper system built into it . Unfortunately , I had to keep it because I actually took it out of the box , thinking that maybe the inside was canvas and they had moved the plastic coating to the outside for better weather protection . Well , once it 's out of the box and opened , I defy any normal human to roll it back up to the size to fit back in the box!Oh , and the picture of the box it came in is not representative of what is inside the box . So , Amazon is simply using the advertising literature provided by the manufacturer although they should still remove it from their inventory -LRB- or sell it for the $ 25 it 's obviously worth -RRB- . Find yourself a higher quality product that will last for more than a few trips and if it costs a little more , in the end it will be worth it . Unfortunately for me , this is one of the very few products that is the correct size for my rear hitch carrier.Late edit : While the product remains questionable , Amazon came through in their typical customer oriented fashion and made it good with me . They also promised to look into the issues with the item and delete it from their inventory if appropriate .
 Totally excited to find this item in my price point ! That is , until I opened it upon reciept . The item pictured is a ` duck cloth ' style bag -LRB- NO shine or resemblence of a plastic material -RRB- , the bag that I got was a heavy plastic/rubber type material with the shine of a trash bag . VERY disappointed with this quality and with vacation coming up quickly , I do n't know that I have time to order another cargo tray bag without risk of getting shafted on my purchase . EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED !
 So everyone reviewed this bag as great . I just took it out of the box and in no way does it resemble the picture . Mine is shiny BLACK inflatable raft looking material even though it has the Rola emblem . I have questions about the ruggedness of this item to tears etc. . I thought I was paying a bit more and relying on previous reviews . It is too close to the trip we are taking to return it but if not I would . I posted a picture of it on the product page .
 Seemed like a quality product when I purchased . However , after one use on a 2,000 mile trip seams began to separate and come apart . Unfortunately I purchased over a year ago and did not use until our last trip or I would have returned it . I would not purchase unless you only plan on using it on one trip .
 I returned the bag without using it . The bag did not match the numerous photos of the Rola bag . The shiny vinyl material is identical to a blow up toy material . I am sure its waterproof but thats not what I was lead to believe what I purchased in the picture . I don ; t know if its a cheap imitation or whether Rola actually change their design . To bad . Mine is shiny black plastic material like was shown by other review .
 I also received the black plastic version of this bag . Watch out for an unusually low price in the `` Amazon warehouse Deals '' section . You get what you pay for . I will , reluctantly , keep it .
 It 's OK . The material is good and sturdy but the zippers are sometimes tough to open and close and the straps are a nuisance , we used bungi cords instead . Also If you ca n't close the zippers all the way for any reason the bag collects water when it rains and is difficult to take out to empty because you have too remove everything that is in the bag and in our case it is a generator . When I need to replace this I will do so with a simple tarp , I would n't buy it again .
 I JUST FINISHED A 2000 MILE TRIP AND ENCOUNTERED TORRENTIAL RAIN AND SOME SNOW AND THE ROLA BAG STAYED BONE DRY , INCREDIBLE !!
 What I received is different not only from the photo on Amazon , but also the photo on the outside of the box itself ! The photo on Amazon shows a nice dark gray heavy-duty nylon -- one that we all know from other products . It looks durable and can be stuffed super full or folded easily and tied down if this bag was being used less than full while on the road.On the box that arrived , the bag is photographed as a black -LRB- not gray -RRB- nylon version , otherwise as as pictured on Amazon , with black shiny nylon edging.INSIDE the box however , is a shiny , plastic-looking all black bag . The stiffness and rigidity of this plastic material is clearly going to be difficult to work with in colder temperatures . I am actually wondering if it will crack . The logo is also in a different location . CLEARLY this is a different bag . OK , if the company redesigned it , then update the photo and description to people came make an informed choice.If I was in the store , I would NEVER have bought this bag . I am checking to see if I can get free shipping for this return , because I do not want to keep it .
 I do n't like how it opens . but it seam still to small for what I need also.great water proof . One of ties broke when hooking to bag .
 Same as another reviewer , we also got a bag that was made out of a heavy vinyl / plastic like material . It was not the same material as pictured . I am confident that it will be waterproof but I am concerend about the flexibility of the material in the winter . The zippers are very cheap and after only zipping it up once , one of the teeth broke off and we did not even have anything in it . The bag will not fold up very well because of the stiffness of the vinyl . We had wanted to keep in the the back of our van in the storage compartment until needed but it just wo n't fold up small enough to fit . Overall the bag is OK but I feel I did not actually get what I thought I had ordered . I will replace it with something else when it wears out .
 After waiting a long time for this item to be processed and shipped , it arrived today and does not fit on the dash for my 2001 Chevy Cavalier . It is over an inch too short for the length of the dash , which means the pre-cut vent holes do not line up correctly . Also , the material -LRB- while advertised as high-quality work -RRB- feels lightweight , cheap , and flimsy . The smoke color was a decent match to the graphite factory interior of my car.Bottom line , I would not recommend these dash covers . I 'm sending mine back for a refund .
 When the box arrived , it was falling apart . There was a hole in the boutin of box where one of the casters poked through before it was broken off . If it want for the fact that it weighs 70pounds and shopping is ungodly , I would have sent it back.buying a new caster was cheaper . I learned my lesson
 very weak magnets , fell off on first use , would not buy or recommend this is not safe to use on any tailor unless you like dragging wires behind you on the highways
 had to return item . description says it was for 5x4 .5 bolt pattern vehicle to 5x4 .75 bolt pattern on wheel , but it didnt fit , was the opposite of what it stated .
 This made in China piece of junk is useless ... . The nuts , which arguably are the most important part of this assembly are fragile and delicate ... . I had one fall apart when I installed it , and another get stripped , now the bolt slips in and out ... ABSOLUTELY ZERO QUALITY HERE . POOR DESIGN ... . NOT ANYWHERE NEAR THE QUALITY OF AMERICAN MADE ORIGINAL EQUIPMENT .
 well this was supposed to be for my truck and when it came in it looked nothing like the picture and it came no where close to fitting my truck dash ! it was to short and completely different than what they said i was getting ... compared to the picture ... i paid about 35 dollars for a piece of crap that doesnt work ... thanks alot !
 I received the remote in the mail and took it to an installer and he tried like 20 times and tried different ways and still would not program . So be prepared to send it back or cut your losses .
 I purchased this product with high hopes that it would deliver as promised but alas I was severely disappointed . Both the Regular and Premium tunes caused my truck to have very poor performance over stock . The shift point and firmness settings made absolutely no difference whatsoever . The odometer correction for gears , tire sizes , top speed limiter and rev limiter are the only settings which functioned properly . I do like the drag strip , dyno , and gauge functions but not enough to pay a premium price . Deal or Dud you ask ? Definitely a DUD !
 This came with great step by step directions on how to program the my truck . But the range on this leaves much to be desired . i have to be about 5 to 10 feet away from my truck to get it to work . not bad , but I thought the range would be better .
 verry brittle plastick 2 broke wile instaling them , e mailed trans dapt they wer to get new ones out , that was over a month and nothing
 The wooden beads are comfortable and role with your movement . But they are keep together with a thin polyethylene &#34; wire &#34; which breaks and beads go flying everywhere . One size does not fit all , least of all , a small car . And you have to find some away to keep it from slipping down ; the attached elastic is not very good .
 I have chronic back/neck problems so I thought I 'd give this a try for my commute . The price is GREAT , but how do you anchor this to your seat ? It comes with only 4 flimsy ties that are just a few inches long , and I have nowhere to tie it ! I finally did the `` seat '' ones to the Seat belt . I have no where to tie the upper ones . I purchased this because it showed I could put it OVER the headrest for my neck , but because there 's no where on that part to tie it down ANYWHERE , I ended up having to put it in between the seat and headrest to hold it in place . Problem is every time I sit down , it slides out , and I end up having to fix it almost every day ! Velcro or longer , sturdier strap are in order , especially at the top that SHOULD go over the headrest . The beads are strung with what looks like a thick fishing line , and because it keeps shifting around so much , not sure how long it 's going to hold up . Not thrilled with it , but was inexpensive enough that it 's not worth it to ship it back .
 Years ago we purchased and used the Wood Bead Car Seat Cushion . We used it for several years . My husband has never been happy with any cushions since it feel apart and we had to take it out of the vehicle . With internet , I finally went on line and purchased 2 of these for my husband . I paid over $ 25.00 a piece . When we put one in the car there were very little ties on it to anchor it down . I knew with it moving around it would wear out faster . I added additional ties to hold it down . In no time at all , the beads were starting to come apart in the seat . I pulled on a piece of plastic the beads were strung with and it broke immediately . I could tell the plastic holding the beads together was old and not from wear but age . I immediately went through and pulled additional nylon high test wire to keep it together . The seat cushion continued to fall apart where I had not put additional wire . The seat completely feel apart where the beads were falling out of the vehicle upon sitting on it . I finally took the cushion out of the vehicle . I am afraid to put the 2nd one in . Does anyone have any suggestion as to what I can use and how I can retie the 2nd one with so that it will last for at least 2 or 3 years like the original one from years ago did ? I would be ever so greatful .
 Straight to the point.If you 've never owned a beaded cover chances are you 'll be very happy with your purchase . All beaded covers of course will give you more air and less sweat , thats a given . I already had worn out a cheap cover and needed something better . The high back feels a little different but does n't take long to get used to . Yes , you need to buy a $ 10 package of little bungee cord to fit your seat like everyone says.Is it a big problem ? No , grow up a little , nothing fits everything . HERES THE BIGGEST DRAWBACK ... the bottom of the cushion is not wide enough . I have a 32 '' waist . You ca n't spread your legs without being half off the cushion . They must have used a child seat seat fot their pics . DO yourself a favor and try to find width measurements before you buy . The quality is no different . Spend the extra $ 5 for the other one if you see it 's larger and you 'll be happier . FYI I 'm a commercial driver going between 300-500 miles a day .
 I was trying to install it on a hot summer day , so I just laid it out on the seat -LRB- very warm inside of car -RRB- . I came back a few minutes later and picked it up to find little brown dots all over the seat . I decided to return it .
 This is the same beaded one you get at walmart for 9 dollars . I have white seats and the beads with the dye on them stained the seats . Second you will become and expert in tying this thing to the seat over and over . When you sit on it the back part has the most pressure and the string snaps . The sun will also dry out the string if you have a convertible so pick your string wisely .
 Cheap and cheesy is about the only way to sum up my experience . Although the seat portion is almost wide enough for me , the overall length is sorely lacking . The five pound test fishing line holding it together really says ZERO about the quality . This did n't even come close to fitting in my seat-the upper section did n't reach to the headrest , making it functionally useless.Look elsewhere and be sure to measure your seat before purchasing a product like this .
 I owned a beaded seat cover , which was very old and fell apart . Thinking this was the same thing , I purchased one and was quite excited when I received it . However , when comparing this one to the older one , it is quite smaller . So now many of the other comments make sense . The older one covered almost the entire seat , top and bottom and could fit over the headrest . The older one also seemed built a little heavier . As for the string that holds the seat in place , these are n't too bad . Although they seem quite flimsy , they do last quite long . And the strings can be repositioned easily so that you can tie them where you need to .
 Well , against my better judgment , I bought this thinking that the other people that were n't able to attach it just were n't mechanically inclined or good problem solvers . Bad move . The thing seems pretty well built and the beads are nice , but this thing just does n't appear to have been made for the seat in a vehicle -LRB- what exactly it was made for , I 'm not sure -RRB- . It is n't even the correct shape for a car 's bucket seat . You can stuff the thin part between your headrest , but it is wider than the pins so you got ta stuff it in there . I do n't know what the people that make this thing were thinking.Would definitely not buy again nor recommend to anyone else .
 I got this hoping for some ventilation during long work sessions in the summer months . It did n't work well and was uncomfortable . Also , it pulls on leg hair when wearing shorts . Maybe I 'll try it in my car .
 I installed this , utilizing the cord provided , in my 2006 Hyundai Elentra the day after I received it . I used it 2 or 3 days and it worked wonderfully . On the 4th day I must have caught it getting in the car , because after my 1-1/2 hr drive to work , I got out , and beads started falling everywhere . It appears the plastic line they use broke . I 'm working on fixing it now , but what a pain.P.s . There were no installation instructions provided . I assume I mounted it correctly.Wood Beaded Comfort Seat Cushion
 This product is pictured nice , but is actually pretty pathetic . Cheap pieces of short flimsy strings are attached to the product so as to somehow fasten it to your seat . The thing slides all over , & never stays in place . I ended up hanging an elastic strap -LRB- bungy cord -RRB- off the back to keep the device from always flopping on the seat.VERY UNSATISFIED , & would NOT buy this again . Oh yeay , the beads are disintegrating on a regular basis . I will look elsewhere to replace this .
 We have had this product from another supplier a number of years ago . It was described as the French Taxi Driver Seat Cover . We enjoyed them and decided to replace them after they wore out . The picture of this product appeared to offer the same item as did the description . Upon arrival the item was visually and physically different from our earlier product . The coverage area was drastically reduced and the beads were smaller and finished at a much reduced quality . The head and neck portion in the image looks smaller then the other area but in reality it is the larger portion . So end effect was we got less product for more money.If someone had not enjoyed the REAL thing before they would not know the difference and would probably find it marginally useable and enjoyable ... thus the 2 * rating . Otherwise I would have rated it 1 * .
 The manufacturer put far more effort in the two outlining rows of dark brown beads than they put into the application of this product . My boyfriend had seat beads years ago , and apparently they eventually fell apart . I surprised him with these for Christmas . He put them on his seat immediately , but he never `` tied '' it on as the dinky strings they provided were only about 3 '' long . In addition , not even dinky strings were provided to attach the skinny portion to the seat . Therefore , every time he got out of the car it fell down . Subsequently , it ended up thrown into the back of his SUV , no doubt in disgust and frustration ! And there they remain . If you are looking for a way to throw away $ 13 ... this is a perfect opportunity !
 i like the feel of the beads on my seat , back , and shoulders . My previous wood beaded seat cushion covered the entire seat back . My shoulders are off the seat cushion . It was held in place by sturdy straps . The strings provided where too short and too flimsy .
 the Comfort Bead Wood Beaded Seat Cushion I got is different with the one I have seen on the website , it is 2 beads narrow everywhere than the picture above , I am a slim person and can not stand it , going to return it for sure.Comfort Bead Wood Beaded Seat Cushion
 The beads were fine - nothing torn or damaged however it was the installation thats a problem . Sure there are some strings - but on 99 % of car seats , there is no way to secure the beads to the seat.I ended up using some twine to loop in and around the headreast . Works for now but certainly dosent look good . I fear its only a matter of time before it breaks .
 poorly constructed . Purchased for a work vehicle
 This trunk organizer has velcro on the bottom to keep it from sliding around , and is a perfect size for trunk or SUV , I do n't like how easy the sides fold down with the slightest pressure and stuff falls out . The wire in the side edges that were to hold it upright fell out of their slots in no time causing the edges to be far too flexible .
 This should be a gag gift if anything ! Tried to use it once and my sockets would not even stay standing ! Do n't waste money just buy Matco or snapon or sears !
 I bought this fuel pump from Amazon.com it is a Delphi which is a good brand I thought , I bought it sept 2009 it is feb 2012 and it is dead already you think they could do a better job building a fuel pump since the original went 127k now I have 149k so it was only good for 22k they are junk . and no warranty .
 I am writing this review after just hanging up with the manufacture Davies , Craig.Issues :1 -RRB- Poor control logic - If you turn your ignition on and do n't start the car for two minutes it will error out2 -RRB- The sensor is BSPT threads - Not common in the US , trust me finding one and the cost is not fun3 -RRB- The fault code map is overly complex4 -RRB- Web tech support is non-responsive5 -RRB- Phone tech support has you calling AU , is rude , insulting , and not at all helpful6 -RRB- Fan control requires a separate relay and is On/OFF at 3C over set temp with no variationDetailed Story of How I came to Write This Review : I purchased the EWP & FAN digital controller about two weeks ago . To be clear I did n't buy the pump because I already had an electric water pump . I just needed to control the water pump and electric fan.My first issue came up with trying to install the temperature sensor . The unit comes with an inline adaptor for the temp sensor or the option to install it in your thermostat housing . The second option requires you to drill and tap your thermostat housing . I did n't want to re-plumb my car with the plastic in-line adaptor so I chose the thermostat housing option . This quickly became a real pain as the threads on the unit are BSPT which stands for British Standard Pipe Taper . The problem is that this is different than NPT National Pipe Taper . This I believe stems from the fact that this is an Australian product and since they are a British colony they use the British system . The problem is that to get the correct tap with 19 threads per inch be prepared to do a lot of searching and spend $ 40 . It took me a week , one wrong order , and I ultimately spent $ 60 . Why I spent $ 60 is a long story but be warned getting the required tap is painful.I really was n't all that upset but rather annoyed at this stage . I was excited to have a good logic controller on my electric water pump that also controlled my fan . The install went fairly smoothly with the wiring diagram being reasonable . I finally got the tap as mentioned above and installed the temp sensor and reconnected the cooling system . I was ready to test the unit . This is a project car and I am always testing ! I fired up the unit as described and it seemed to work as described in the manual . The initiation mode ran both the fan and water pump then went into the described mode which was FAN off and electronic water pump running 10 sec on , 30 sec off.Here is where the problem starts . If you do n't turn the engine on in ~ 2 min it goes into error mode . Error mode turns the fan and water pump on along with all the lights and it just sits locked in this mode . I could n't figure out what was going on . I proceeded to look in the instructions in the fault codes and what it appeared to say was I had low voltage . I checked all the connections and battery voltage only to find everything was fine.Perplexed I went to the Davies , Craig website which has almost no technical information . I proceeded to log an online help request . I waited a few days and got no response . I decided to give them a call to see if I had a defective unit or had made some error . I was ultimately transferred to a gentleman that was initially quite pleasant . I described my issue and he basically told me that is how it works . Do n't leave your ignition on . He was n't technical enough to go into much detail but rude enough to say that is how it is . When I asked some additional questions about the logic of why a low voltage error would turn the fan on and the electric water pump and leave them in full run mode he really did n't offer much help other than to say `` Why would you leave your ignition on ? '' Well in my case I was doing testing but in reality what if I wanted to listen to the radio or any number of other reasons . The only solution he offered was to wire it to the ignition , which then eliminates the run after engine off heat soak elimination feature which is a key reason to have a digital controller.I was n't all that satisfied and I was disappointed in his technical explanation . I politely told him that I think this is something that should be changed as leaving your ignition on is n't that uncommon . We chatted a bit more with his position `` tough luck '' so I then mentioned that I now felt that I should have spent a little more money and purchased another unit I had been interested in . He all of a sudden became very interested in this other unit and I was happy to share the information I had and why I chose his product over the other one . When I could n't give him the name because it was a month ago this is when it got ugly . He proceeded to read me the riot act about how they have the patent for another 13 years on some feature and they would come after anyone that tried to offer an alternative product . What got me in front of the computer writing this review is when he then implied I was some how trying to rip him off by saying it was convenient that I could n't give him the name of his competitor . I then proceeded to give him a piece of my mind for implying I was some how trying to rip him off and told him this review was coming!In writing this I pulled up the instruction manual and now see there is another error code that is probably what I am experiencing `` Low Operating Temp Fault
 quand j' ai command&eacute; le set de tapis Dodge , j' &eacute;tais persuad&eacute; d'avoir le mme design et logo comme je le voyais sur votre site , mais &agrave; ma grande d&eacute;ception , j' ai reu le set de tapis et le logo RAM sous l'animal . Je l'ai renvoy&eacute; pour demander express&eacute;ment juste l'animal et on me renvoi une deuxi&egrave;me fois la mme chose . C'est inconcevable . Pensez &agrave; mettre la bonne photo sur votre annonce , c'est pour cela que je donne une &eacute;toile .
 The bolts that come with this kit are grade 1 . They can not handle more torque than 25 ft.lbs . Therefore it is important to wait until the RTV silicon -LRB- that you will put in between the gasket and the cover surface and in between the gasket and the differential surface -RRB- settles before torque is applied on the bolts.Other than the bolts , this makes the differential on the F150 look nice and shiny !!! Trans-dapt customer service is good in case you run into issues , however , they can not change the quality of the bolts .
 It says `` six motor '' ... . well its vibrating motors , not the one with circular motoin massage . Heating pad does not heat up much.Since Amazon requires more then 20 words in review , I would metion here that Groupon had better price $ 25.00 .
 This thing does n't massage , just vibrate , and two of the motors died quickly . Although the product is supposed to be covered by 2 year warrenty , the customer service is non-existent . Stay away from this , definitely not worth the money .
 This was a gift and it 's about as lame as it comes . Just a little vibration and no real benefit at all . It sucks so bad I would not even RE-Gift it.Don ' t waste your money !
 kindof hard to review this it was defective and had to be sent back but Amazon was very good about it .
 We have had this model of massage chair in the house for a few years now . It was given as a gift and never used . I have a bad back from a trampoline injury a few years ago that is acting up and dug it out today to see if it would help . I ca n't say it does much . It has a few different places it vibrates that you can control and you can change the speed as well as making the vibrations pulse or stay on . You can also make it heat up on your lower back if you want . I set on it for a while to see if it would actually massage and it just vibrates you to death . I turned it off after a while because I was starting to get a headache . Maybe some people like the vibration but it does n't do much for me . It is not ridged like other massage chairs so if you want to get the thing to vibrate on your lower back really well you will need to put a pillow behind it . It also comes with a thing to use it in your car so you can jiggle your ass while you drive if you wanted . I ca n't see much use for this . I went to walmart tonight and got a Shiatsu one that actually massages and it is 10 fold better and it was only $ 100 .
 This was not the part that I thought I ordered . This is a heat riser tube that goes from the exhaust manifold to the Air cleaner . Amazon has is described as a air intake hose , which it is not . Unfortunately , It 's not worth the expense of paying to ship it back , therefore I 'll have to eat this one . Once again-It 's labeled incorrectly .
 Crane has gone bankrupt there is no tech support and I recieved a bad module . They did let me return the unit but I think that they will sell thier stock as is from now on .
 Info such as gph , port sizes , pressure range , fuel compatabillity , amperage , constant or intermittant running ; are ALL important in specifying an electric fuel pump . Who cares what the size of the packaging box is . Just publish the mfr 's specs in the listing so you have more satisfied customers . . less returns . . pretty damn simple big A . If we got ta google the p/n to find specs . . we might find a better deal . . ehh .
 This is not really a review of this product but instead it is of Amazon . A product like this is not usually replacing a stock item . There fore , it would be helpful to know the gal . per hour , and the fuel line output pressure . I believe this fits a 3/8 gas line , but that would be nice to know also even though that is likely the least necessary information , There are 5/18 and 1/4 inch gas lines as well . Does n't Amazon have any one knowledgeable in automotive ? I am not just referring to this pump but the others listed on Amazon also . None have any relevant details .
 The new part worked for about a week so I through away the noisy but functioning original . Then the car started being hard to start sometimes . Eventually it would n't start . long story short
 If you are considering this tail light from this company , do n't go there . The tail lights I purchased did n't fit so , at their request , I got my Chevrolet Dealer to give me a OEM number -LRB- not a real pleasant job -RRB- only to be told `` We do n't have a tail light that fits your truck '' . Their selection system will lead you to this tail light if you type in the proper description for this vehicle and their product will not fit your vehicle . I told them their system does this , but they have not change it . Their service was quick enough but the results were very poor .
 They sent me the wrong part so i was n't very happy . Did n't fit my s10 truck so i had to go to the parts store and reorder one my self .
 I bought this riveter to assist with building my race car , which has 1000 + rivets holding the various aluminum panels in place . This tool has n't been much of a help . It works okay fine with 1/8 rivets , but for such small rivets , it 's simply easier to use a hand riveter . For 3/16 rivets , which are much harder to manually squeeze , this tool ends up jamming 50 % of the time . I spend so much time trying to drive the jammed rivet plugs out of the tool , I may as well have used a manual plier-type tool.My recommendation is that if you have many 3/16 rivets to drive , spend more money and get a better unit .
 I used the rivet gun for 75 rivets and it broke . I would not recommend this unit to anybody .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 This is NOT what is pictured , not even close . It 's an eyebolt mounting kit only , not the rails or anything pictured . This is the only product I 've purchased from Amazon that was so far off . By the time I got around to returning it , it was too late . Now it 's a paperweight in my office . Thanks a lot Amazon .
 The idea of a color changing paint is pretty neat but I was pretty disappointed with this kit . I followed the directions to the letter , and put on about 6 coats of the color , and still got pretty poor performance with the color changing effect . Looking straight on the color appears blue but when you look at it at angle there is only a subtle change to a dark red . And this color change is only evident in bright lighting , completely unnoticeable in dimmer lighting . A better option I found was Rustoleum 's `` Color Shift '' paint . Maybe they put more flakes in or just made it better but either way I was rather disappointed with the Duplicolor Mirage paint
 Followed the application instructions to a T. Even shot it in my buddys spray booth and the results were mediocre at best.Far too dark and almost impossible to detect the color change unless under the brightest light and even then its crap . Would not buy this product again or recomend it to anyone .
 I ordered two of these NGK C7HSA plugs and neither will spark . I had the local auto parts store order some for me and they work OK.I would request a Return Material Authorization number but it would not be cost effective as shipping equals the value of the items.This is a first with me having any problems with products sold at / / amazon.com . The plugs were not packaged correctly and took a beating on their way to my house .
 They were incorrect for a qmb-139 engine.mmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm
 The spark plugs were the correct size ; however , they were missing the top piece that allows the plugs to better fit into the wiring harness . I had to purchase different spark plugs to obtain the necessary top pieces to fit the wiring harness .
 Pennzoil , one of the best known and recognizable product in automotive and marketing today . It has a great fan following and product following . I honestly have not had the best of luck with the product . Many a time I have tried to use Pennzoil in my automobiles , and in the summer , not bad . But when it comes to the winter , It is noticably different . I have heard the Lifters in all of my cars , especially in winter , click more when starting up . This is just not a problem when I use other oils , mainly valvoline . Also , pennzoil is more of a parafin base to it , and one experience I had was seeing little chucks coming from my oilpan of pasty parafin . So , sorry for those guys that love pennzoil , but I just have n't had the greatest luck here in the midwestern weather .
 Horn does n't sound anything like the sound clip . Extremely poor quality and poor mounting system . Try it before you waste your time mounting it . Better yet buy a good horn .
 I used the Amazon drop down menus to select 2005 Suzuki Forenza S.It came up compatible but the bolts do not fit and the box says for Chevy.My mechanic called the manufacturer Fel-Pro who says the correct part number is ES72906-1 . Amazon , please correct this . The head bolts will fit something , but not a 2005 Suzuki Forenza.Bolts were in a sealed plastic bag with air holes and were rusty .
 The part listing had alot of differnt cars listed tht the bolts would work with but it was very wrong i had to send the bolts back and get parts from the dealer at $ 16 a pop so do the math $ 16 x 10 i had to charg my costumer alot more than i quoted i ended up eating the cost in the long run .
 The lack of image caused me to buy the wrong product . You need to be more descriptive , or get an image .
 Ignore the customer supplied picture -- it is a stock photo of a different unit . I will add on to the other reviewer 's comments
 Description states this the plug is white , that the harness will fit all Deltran Battery Tenders and is suitable for 12 volt systems . I have a 12 volt battery Tender Plus and the plug on this harness will not work . You can not tell from the picture but the plug on the harness is completely different from the plug on the Battery Tender Plus . The desscription needs to state the plug is a different style , not just a different color . Amazon needs to be sure items have enough detailed/technical descriptions to avoid buying incompatible components .
 this seller does not stand behind what it sells - purchased a charger that did not work and would not allow return - amazon unable to help
 I threw away the sleeve the belt had so I can not confirm it . But I do n't think the sleeve had the Gates logo on it . The belt itself does not have the Gates logo . But the description of this product on the Amazon web site says `` Gates '' . I do n't know why.Does Gates have manufacturing plant in Mexico ? Because that is what I see on the belt I received . Also , it does not look like a Gates quality , to me .
 It did not fit as well as the original . It stuck out slightly and did not bed down into the rubber seals . Also the wiring for the bulbs was wrong
 Well the blades work great at first but only last less than a year . When you buy the whole piece set is very easy to install , literally in seconds but the actual blades do n't last that long .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 Just like a previous reviewer of this parts washer , mine arrived broken . The same problem he/she had , which was that the plastic link between the flexible metal nozzle and the pump were broken . That 's despite an impeccable job of packing - as is typical of all things I 've ever ordered via Amazon.com . I suspect it was a combination of poor product design and little or no factory quality control - but that 's only my opinion . Since the lead time for ordering another said 2-3 months , I opted for a full refund and will look elsewhere . The plastic version sold by Harbor Freight is way too flimsy for me to consider . And anything larger than 3-4 gallon capacity is more than I really need or have storage for . Yeah , well ...
 This parts washer seem 's `` ok '' at best . Although other reviews mentioned the fitting was broken between the pump and nozzle , I ordered one anyway . Mine showed up with the exact same broken part . The fitting is made of very cheap plastic . I will be looking else where for a higher quality parts washer .
 I oped for this washer instead of the plastic Harbor Freight model , which was the same price . Both are Chinese-made , which is impossible to avoid with tools like this.The metal tub / tank is nice , feels `` shop-grade . '' One star for a nice paint job . However , the fitting which holds the nozzle to the pump is plastic ; mine arrive broken despite adequate packaging . This fitting is the one thing that should be metal , it could easily be stressed as you move the nozzle around . I laughed when I realized the company name was `` Advanced Tool Design . `` I ended up with the Harbor Freight model which feels like it will fall apart after a little use -LRB- typical for that brand -RRB- . But it works .
 Seeing as these are car brake pads , I was severely dismayed upon opening the package that the product had been opened before and there were possible signs of it being used . These are BRAKES . I expect them to be NEW if I 'm going to be installing them on my car . I am extremely disappointed and will be asking for a refund .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 Unit arrived badly damaged , no chance to refuse delivery , just found it in driveway.NO packing around unit , just a thin cardboard box . NO PACKING at all . ALL 4 corners were damaged . Bent so bad top would not open . I fixed it up to save sending it back , just too lazy as I really should have returned it . Also found out AFTER I got it that it only can use -LSB- motor/pump I assume -RSB- water-based cleaning fluids . Having a hard time finding them and likely will not work very well as cleaning agent . Also be aware , if your not already , that this 40 gallon unit holds 20 gallons of fluid -LSB- max -RSB- and that could cost in excess of $ 250 to buy . If I had it to do over I would have bought another brand that could use non water-based cleaners and likely a smaller size to cut the cost down on the amount of cleaner needed to buy . Like I said , NOT A GOOD CHOICE !
 The harness I received did not work and after some testing it seemed to be a bad relay which PIAA replaced ; as soon as they were restocked , which took about three weeks , but that did not solve the problem . The second relay also seemed bad and after opening up the relay I learned that the 30 amp fuses were blown so I started to search for a short in the setup and learned that the wiring at the one end of the harness where it plugs go into the lamp plugs was reversed on one of the plugs , causing a short in the system . I could not remove the connector from the plugs to reverse them but was able to reverse the connection coming off the lamp which solved the problem . After explaining this to PIAA they did offer to have me return the harness in exchange for a new one but at this time I had already expended more time than I desired on this installation . The folks at PIAA were supportive .
 The guage is poor to use and difficult to get an accurate pressure reading . The other reviews must have a different instrument cause it is too difficult to manage and get a reading.This is a poor , poor article and I would no recommend to any one , that is it . .
 The item they sent was wrong . I even called them and they reassured me it would fit my 1990 subaru legacy , but when i got it they were these big rubber rings that i have no idea what it would fit . I called again and they said that in the system it said it would fit my subaru and told me to return it , but it cost more to ship it so i kept them .
 I am not the only one who was told that these were compatible with my car and they simply ARE NOT . Amazon compatibility chart is INCORRECT .
 Do not go off Amazon 's size to fit your car list . These are for another car that use 8mm blades , my car does n't , so Amazon 's chart is WRONG . Another waste of my time and money , glad they 're cheap .
 The replacement blades fit my 2011 Lexus LX570 but because they did n't have an arc to them the last 2 1/2 '' on each side of the wiper did n't touch the windshield . Before you buy I would take out your existing blade to see if it has an arc . I already cut them so I could n't return . Bought lexus/toyota refills online , under $ 20 for set of 3 which included back window blade .
 I had to force it in after enlarging the holder in order to fit . Also , it leaves streaks after a few uses .
 I bought 2 pairs of these for use with a Ford and a Mazda . Both have narrow wipers of appropriate length and are supposed to be compatible with this product.The refills are just a tiny bit too wide -LRB- not more than 0.5 mm or 1mm too wide -RRB- and that makes them 100 % unusable . On the Ford , where I was lucky and I managed to squeeze the refills in it took FOREVER to get it right -LRB- I spent almost 30 minutes on the first wiper and about 15 on the second -RRB- On the Mazda , I just could n't get it done . I had to use pliers to slightly widen the gap on the little metal pieces that are supposed to hold the refill just to get it through and ended up destroying my blades.I can not think of a single good thing to say about this item!do yourself a favor and buy a different product .
 I did use this crap for only one week and the digital display stop working.Lucky me that I have another micrometer .
 This is a handle/holder for a utility blade . It does n't do much when trying to cut through the thick windshield sealant . Do n't waste your time with this item .
 I love how the ad on the box and the Amazon page says `` dresses up to 40 tires . '' They 're right - if your tires are an inch or two in diameter , it will.I have three cars , real ones - a VW Rabbit , a BMW 325i , and a Toyota Prius , and it barely did all 12 tires in total before the bottle went dry.Decent product , lasts for a decent time I suppose - but bad value at any price above 2 $ -LRB- I paid 2.34 $ or something here at Amazon , shipped free via Prime -RRB-
 Previously I had used Eagle One NanoWax SprayEagle One 2084018 NanoWax Sprayfor my car and was very happy with it , but I wanted to use something that would fill-in fine swirl-marks and not leave a white residue . I bought this Paste Wax because it specifically said `` Fills in fine scratches & swirl marks '' and `` Easy to apply & remove with no white residue '' . Well , despite the promise , this one did leave a white-residue on the black trim peices of my car , just like the other brands of waxes I have used in the past . Now I have alot of scrubbing to do to remove the white-marks from my trim peices . Specifically , the sunroof gasket has obvious white marks all over it from the wax . Used some chemicals and could n't remove it , eventually had to cover-up the trim with Mother 's `` Back To Black `` Mothers 06108 Back-To-Black - 8 ozto make the black trim look black again . And worse-yet , the wax did n't seem to fill-in the swirl marks on my car 's clear-coat . Given all that , I 'm going back to using the NanoWax Spray , this paste-wax just took-up a bunch of my time and did n't really give me any better results.I still give it two-stars instead of just one because in the rain I can tell it really beads -LRB- repells -RRB- water strongly . So , would be usefull if your car did n't have alot of trim-peices .
 I believe this product is made of inferior materials . I bought it an used it on a honda engine for the balance shaft bearings . The first bearing I used it on , a piece of the # 1 split driving plug broke off . I epoxied it back together and used it on the next bearing -LRB- I got the first bearing out despite the driving plug breaking -RRB- . It broke again on the next one after a few knocks . A tool that is meant to be banged on hardly during regular operation should be made of the highest quality metal I think . The rubber grommets that hold the driving plug together also rip easily . I normaly do n't write reviews but I feel had to for this product because it IS almost $ 150 and I do n't want someone else doing this rebuild to make the same mistake I did buying this product .
 Do n't be surprised if your belt snaps on you while you 're trying to tension it to the spec using this junk . This tester consistently reads values that are like 1/2 what the actual tension is . Perhaps it works on that one exact belt they used to calibrate it , but I could n't care less because it is not the belt my car uses . Too bad there is no 0-star rating , as this is exactly what this product earns . The price under $ 20 for a working tension gauge sounds too good to be true ? Then it probably is .
 This product is cheap , misrepresented , and defective . I would not recommend using this when adjusting tension on any belt.It states that it is for V-belts , not serpentine , as others have stated . Well I did not use this on a serpentine belt rather a power steering and a.c. compressor/alternator belt -LRB- Honda Accord -RRB- . The service manual states that if you are to adjust according to deflection , which this product more or less tries to do , I would need 22lbs of pressure for proper testing . Well , I depressed the button on this tool with 1 gallon of fluid -LRB- 8.3 lbs -RRB- to test if it was close to the required 22lbs . With the jug on top of the button , it depressed immediately . This means that the tool 's `` click '' comes with a pressure of less than 8.3 lbs -- much less than what can be generated by using a thumb or fore finger.Now of course I still had to test this to see what readings I would get from it . The power steering belt requires around 88-120 lbs -LRB- used belt -RRB- and this tool consistently read 70 lbs . I thought
 As I do n't have anything to compare it to , I am unsure of the accuracy . You push on a `` clicker '' , like a child 's toy and then read a scale . It is not a `` high resolution '' tool but it is not expensive and I will give it a try . Of course one can get a ballpark estimate by judging the distance pushed with a finger . I guess I like the idea of a second estimate ... I would be curious what professional mechanics think but I guess they are used to estimating by `` feel '' .
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 Motorcraft KM3030 Upper Radiator Hose Ref . 2001 Ford Taurus 24 valveThis is just the hose `` hose only nothing else , no clamps , ect . '' from radiator to plastic recovery tank Tee `` located @ battery '' , and is not as pictured . The referred Tee connection , is located along the side of the battery and has a hose that connects to the steel tube that across the front of the engine , then connects to the recovery tank . I thought that this part was the entire coolant hose manifold assembly . My plastic T is cracked where the recovery tank hose connects . . This turns out to be the wrong part me . If you 're looking for just the hose `` upper '' from the radiator to the only removable hose clamp , this is the part you need . If you looking for the entire manifold assembly with all the plastic hose clamps , tees and double elbows as in the picture , this is not the part you need ...
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 This is in no way compared to the Acura part . The number of pleats are way less and weighs less compared to the acura OEM , meaning less surface area , thus reducing the capacity to filter and possible air flow . I dont have any numbers to validate this but , I am not going to get this again . I have not seen any power difference but I dont think this will last as long as the OEM . This fits well and the product did not have any damage .
 Had to return mine - way too small , does n't even reach my ears and my head is not that big ... I only wear a medium women 's helmet . Item was marked as `` one size fits most '' - most what ? Also has a weird kind of strap that I guess is supposed to go around the back of your head ... does n't work well if you actually have hair . Really too bad because material is nice and print is very cute .
 never buy this ... cheap quality and not all that attractive ... do not waste your time or money . . you will have to paint it too
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 The rack and pinion was to short for my car , 35 inches . When I order the part , I specify the car brand , model , year , number of door -LRB- each of one facing the street -RRB- , engine size , four speed , gas , carburators barrel , and many additional information . I almost send my picture . The real length of the rack and pinion is 45 inches . I returned the wrong part and I 'm waiting for the reimbursement minus 20 % or more for processing fees and I do n't know how many additional things .
 Was not correct part for 2006 Honda Civic . Amazon database has since been fixed . Do yourself a favor and and make sure it fits right away , even if you keep this as a spare on hand .
 In spite of being led here by the `` What fits my car '' feature , it 's not the right shape or size for a 2003 CR-V . Hopefully , amazon sees this and my return , and they fix the database ! -LRB- The 2003 CRV wants a CA9493 -RRB-
 Purchased the FRAM CA9564 for our '07 Acura RDX and , simply put , it does not fit -LRB- too short -RRB- .
 Be careful with your selection . This filter does not fit a 2005 Honda CRVnow what ?
 This product would have been a perfect fit for my application ... except Amazon does n't specify that there 's a 5/8 hole on the back of the air filter . I 've worked google over , to see if K&N sells a blocking plate or something else to plug the hole , with absolutely no success . I 've even searched to find why the hole exists , with very little success -LRB- my best guess is that it 's for vehicles with an intake air temperature sensor -RRB- . Now I 'm left to deal with a return , or work some magic with J-B Weld and some spare hardware , to force this thing to be functional .
 This Item should show an image of an AVON tire , but it has a License Plate Trim bracket instead . Amazon , please correct this image .
 This product installed easily , and worked wonderfully for the first 3 months . Then , all of the sudden , my interior lights started flashing when i turned my right blinker on , and lit up when i pressed the brake pedal . I checked most of the ground wires in the car , to see if any of them were fried ... Negative . I did tons and tons of research , and then finally I thought about this harness . I unplugged it , and plugged the original harness back in , and it works flawlessly . So , something within the harrness went bad ... I will update review after talking with customer service .
 Well ... I should have listened more to the negative reviews . Mine also did not come with the cigarette lighter part that is shown in the picture . Not that I have any use for it , but I 'd rather just have that outlet covered . Also , the description says it has a 34 '' cord ... not entirely true . The entire length from the tip of the plug and including the length of the device itself is 34 '' . The actual cord is only about 29 '' . I will try it out and see how it works . I 'll update my review if I am pleasantly surprised ... which I 'm not too hopeful for .
 Stopped working after only 2 months of use , and I ca n't return it because the 30 day return window has passed . Worst ten bucks I ever spent .
 Could not use this product from day one . The outlets are so loose that the fuse spring in the plugs push them out of the sockets .
 I bought this for a road trip . First be warned if your plug in is in an awkward spot , this will not fit . Also , we tried to charge two cell phones and a kindle and the plugs would not fit into this at the same time . We had to charge different things at different times , which really , what makes the point in having this then ? It did not charge my ipad , even by itself . Be warned . If you have small plug ins it might be better for you .
 The picture appears to show that extender comes with the lighter . Mine did n't . The description states that it includes mounting hardware . Mine did n't . Hence the only 2 stars . Decided not to return it . I had some self-tapping screws I used .
 The socket extender I received worked once with only 2 items plugged in to it and then would not work again . It also blew out my car socket . I suspect there was a bad fuse in it . Too much hassle for what it 's worth to return it . I just purchased a different one at a local store .
 This product was pretty good for what it was . It 's positives is that there are four sockets to chargebut the negatives is that the sockets are really narrow so if your plug is wide then you will most likely have to leave a slot unoccupied simply because the sockets are so close together.Another con for a compact car is the cord is pretty long.And the final and major con is it worked well for the first 9 months but died just last week . It is very disappointing as I paid more in hopes this would last a while . I will be contacting the company
 Piece of s *** ! I used it in my car maybe two or three times , before the fuse gave out . I do n't exactly know why it did n't work anymore . I actually bought replacement fuses .
 I bought this because I was going on a road trip and needed the extra ports for my electronic items . I plugged it in to my cigar lighter and the unit lit up . So then I removed and tried to plug it in one more time to be certain . I put back into the cigar lighter -LRB- nothing plugged in yet -RRB- and it blew the twenty amp fuse in my car -- not the fuse it comes with internally.I had to stop on my trip to get a fuse and have it replaced.The vehicle is a 2004 model.DON ' T BUY !
 This unit kept blowing the fuses in my 09 Camry with every use . This is with only a GPS plugged in which never blew the fuses when plugged in direct . Ca n't recommend this product .
 Apparently the 4 way sockets are just for looks , because when I plugged 4 items into it , it burnt up . I only got about 10 minutes of use out of it . I had 2 cellphones , 1 DS , and 1 DVD player plugged into my van 's lighter . It died right at the beginning of a lengthy trip with my kids . They were disappointed , as was I. I would like to have known that it would n't power so many items before I bought it , because then , I would n't have bought it .
 Since the seat warmer did n't perform to expectations , I plan to return this as well , Not much else to say ...
 This item pulls to much juice from your battery and will require a boost if you leave it plugged in . It takes up too much space in the console area of the car . Not very efficient .
 Just got this one . I opened it to cut off the LED , I found out the assembly of this unit was so poor.The connections of two wires -LRB- + , - cables -RRB- were almost broken . I had to use soldering iron to solder thewires . Wish they should have inspection before shipping to consumers . Finally , I saw the label `` Made From China '' ... It told me every thing.Plus , they Do Not have the Cigarette Lighter as shown on the photo . Be ware of this.Have not use it yet . Will post more when I find good or bad.T
 This device worked -LRB- LED was lit -RRB- until another device , a 65W laptop , was plugged into it . That is a very light power load , and the item died almost immediately . Has not functioned since ; no power throughput , no LED .
 Well , I was really looking forward to using this - because I only have 1 cigarette lighter socket in my car -LRB- 2007 Honda Civic -RRB- , and use it for a GPS , cell phone , and satellite radio . Unfortunately , this 4-way adapter is too small and does n't stay in the socket -LRB- not even for a second -RRB- - and ever since trying to use it , I 've been having a LOT of problems using my other devices in there . So now I still only have 1 working outlet , and sometimes it does n't even work now . Anyways - a huge disappointment .
 This picture does not do justice to how short the cable is on this socket . I am going to have to return it because it wo n't reach to where I need it to go in my mini-van . I will be looking for an adapter with a longer cable.Also , just to try it out I connected it to the outlet in my mini-van and it did n't appear to even work . I never got the lights to come on . I plugged an iPhone charger into the same outlet and it immediately lit up the led , so I am pretty sure it was the Wagan that was n't seating well in the socket . It has a long nose and does n't seat firmly when I plug it in .
 Maybe it 's my car , not this thing , but I do n't think it should have blown out the fuse on my Honda Element and stopped working within seconds of having only 2 items plugged into it . So not only did I have to send this thing back , but I also had to take my car in and get the fuse replaced . None of these things seem to work -- the first one I bought died in about 4-5 days . They are all cheap junk made in China . Why does n't some manufacturer offer a competitive item that is n't junk ? I 've had a different brand of one of these in my 99 Camry for years and years with heavy use and never an issue . Now that I 've gotten the fuse on the Element replaced , I have ordered a different brand and have crossed my fingers . Too bad -- this one had pretty good reviews .
 I bought this to let my kids watch two video units , both low voltage , on a road trip to Disneyland . It ran the units for about fifteen minutes , then got really hot , and shut off . I took it to a radio shack , where I bought another unit to do the same thing , and the clerk said he could see no reason why it would have done this . The other unit I bought at the radio shack worked just fine , actually , we had the two units , PLUS my laptop plugged into it , and it was fine . This unit was really cheaply manufactured , and is n't worth getting .
 Wanted an option for travel that allowed me to charge several items at once and thought given the ratings this would workIt shorted out every outlet in my rental car so worthless when I needed it the most
 These caliper covers did not fit my Honda VTX 1800c . I had looked at the fitment chart before I placed order and I said it would fit my bike.There was a fast delivery but when I looked at them and my bike calipers they didnt match up.Good news was there was no charge for returning , bad news is I still need caliper covers .
 When I ordered this mirror the description said it would be primed , but when it arrived it was NOT primed . I called the number on the receipt , left a message and have heard nothing from anyone . As I am looking at the review , the mirror that it said was purchased is primed , but not true . The mirror that I received was black without any primer . This is my first purchase with Amazon and I am very dissatisfied . Not only because the mirror I received is not what it was suppose to be , but because I have not received a call back on my dissatisfaction .
 Because I was on a deadline , and could n't tell much from the photos , I ordered 3 different load levelers on Amazon
 I was exited when I read this item 's description . I have a convertible Mustang that is several years old that , while I love it , I do n't drive it as much as I 'd like . This , of course , results in an often-drained battery . The Battery Brain Gold promised solutions to all problems . A manual button to cut or reset batter power , an override switch , a remote control so you do n't have to lift the hood , an automatic power monitor in case you forget to cut the power or just decide not to , and even direct power connect wires to power specific items while the power is overridden . Fantastic ! Except it does n't work.The brain was pretty simple to install and it worked for two days , giving me false hope . And when I say two days , I mean a drive to the gas station one day and a three mile drive to work the next . Nothing happened when I tried to cut power after arriving at my office that second day . The remote was completely ineffective . Upon arriving at home at the end of the day I opened the hood and tried the manual button . Nothing . Not only did it not cut power , the button did n't even click . It has ceased to anything at all.Believing that the unit was simply defective , I ordered another . This one did n't even work as well as the first . The button did n't work at all and the remote cut power twice before stopping and never restored power . I had to manually override the device and then just disconnect it.I really do not feel it 's worth the money on this one ; and to make things worse , Amazon increased its price by $ 30 since I purchased it ! I will now try a manual switch which will physically sever the power flow - and pay $ 60 less to simply raise the hood .
 My battery brain worked as advertised until it died for no reason four months later . The only reason I gave two stars instead of one is that it does work ... until it stops working . Based on some other reviews I have read , it seems that I am not the only victim . I would stay away until they change the design and solve whatever is making these things fail .
 Put this on my 2006 Corvette because it sits a lot and after a couple of weeks the battery could go dead . Used it for about a week and then finally took it off . Started actively driving the car again -LRB- with a new battery -RRB- I 'd park the car , go back to start it 10 minutes later and it would have disconnected my battery for no reason . Was random . May work on some cars but is probably pure luck at what their trigger threshold is . Would not recommend .
 I do n't know if anybody has ever thought of this but what would happen if the unit would disconnect batt power while you were driving , especially at night time ? . It happened to me on Feb 4 2013 during a white out snow storm . We went shopping in a snow storm , about a 20 mile round trip . When we came out from shopping it was 7:30 PM dark , the car was covered and it was still comeing down . I started the car up turned on heater , heated seats , rear window defog , lights , fog lights , radio . We drove about 200 yds to a stoplight waiting to turn on to the highway . The car quit , no lights , would not crank , nothing . I got out opened the hood , saw nothing wrong so I thought what the heck I pushed the reset button on the Battery Brain Gold and instantly all the lights , heater , radio came on . I got back in started car back up no problem . We sat there for a while on the side of the road trying to figure out what happened . I think with all the accessories I had on at the same time and the fact that we were sitting still idleing in the parking lot waiting for the windows to clear , the alt could not keep with the load and then the voltage dropped to approx 10.5 volts the Battery Brain just disconnected . What would have happened had we been on the highway when this happened ? especially at night , with no lights and no power steering . We drove home with only lights and heater on . The batt and alt are both less than a year old . I am takeing it off and puting it on my tractor , I will never put one on a car that I drive on the road again . I got it off of E-Bay because it was much cheaper .
 Except for remote reset failing after third cycle , this product works as claimed . Included is perhaps everything needed to allow any installation imaginable .
 I purchased this product knowing it seemed to have jumped in price by almost 40 % for no particular reason but still thought it would be a useful product for my old Jeep - I was happy with the line that said only a screw driver and wrench was needed since that was about all I had available.Unfortunately when the product came in there is in fact another wire that MUST be installed , not pictured - the ` engine on ' wire which the manual says must be installed otherwise it may accidentally disconnect your battery while driving - not a position you want to be in . To connect this wire you must find a wire that is normally +12 volts only when your ignition is in the ` on ' position . I will grant you this may not be difficult for people who know the inside of their car but those people probably do n't need this device to begin with and I bought this on the claim that it was ` easy ' to install . Without installing this wire it would be dangerous to operate the vehicle with Battery Brain installed - I 'm going to need a voltage meter , electrical probe , and a lot of time to track down the right wire to tap - also it says you ` may ' need a wire tap to complete installation - of course this is not included so besides the extra tools I have to go buy extra parts as well and the wire length included just is n't that long so I 'll probably need more wire too.The manual says you can buy a ` vibration sensor ' in place of the engine-on wire and I would have purchased it had I known it was needed , it is approximately $ 10 at the time of this writing.Additional Info : If I could lower this to 1 star I would . I received my ` vibration sensor ' and attempted installing the product - I find it difficult to believe any vehicle has the space needed to mount this as pictured - that said I tried anyway . While attempting to install I found the wiring and butter-fly connects are poor fits , these things will not ` clip ' on securing they most definitely need to be soldered or something . Despite this I still tried to push forward and when I began tightening the bolt on the positive side of the battery -LRB- there is no nut -RRB- I ended up stripping the piece because I wanted to make it TIGHT - like I would any connection to a car battery - basically the whole thing was ruined - this entire device is cheap junk and you should n't waste any money on it .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 would not recomend this product it stretches and doesnt stay on the adhesive doesnt stick very well looks very cheap
 The fob pictured is not the fob I received.When you put up an picture of an item , should n't you get that very item ?
 For 13.95 all you get is a PLASTIC paint coated piece of junk ... . Very deceiving to say the least .
 Used this tape on white board to make a chart . Of two rolls of tape , one of them worked fine , but the other one 's non-adhesive backing did not peel off cleanly . This backing tore and stayed stuck to the adhesive side on and off over half of the roll . It must have taken at least 5x as long to put down the tape because the torn backing had to be removed to affix the tape adequately to the board . The backing had to be removed since we were using a dry erase marker eraser over the lines , and we needed a tight , continuous bond between the tape and the board to prevent the tape from being lifted when the eraser was passed over it.Had we used this tape on a car , I would have been more frustrated since the process of removing the torn backing slightly pulled and stretched the tape , and these flaws would have prevented us from laying down a really even and straight line .
 I purchased this product for my husbands truck . Worthless . Do n't know if it was old or what . We have used pinstriping of this type many times . However this product frayed , tore , and in general was useless . Will never buy this brand again . We ended up throwing the whole batch away . Complete waste .
 I bought this product for my Ford Focus 2007 , but presentes several problemas during the installation because the transversed dimension not mach .
 These things are terrible . . went though 5 of them before I found one that works . . Then it died 3 weeks later . Bad product
 This made no difference whatsoever - did it not quiet my XR650L even a little.Don ' t waste your money on this .
 I found the same thing as the other one star . Incomplete . You need two o rings for each injector . This means 16 for the crown Vic . The kit only has eight of the correct size . And even those have excessive flash on the sealing O.D. And many other useless pieces . I just reused the old o rings after carefully cleaning and oiling them .
 Incomplete kit , only had o-rings for 4 injectors Engine has eight . No injector backer plates in kit . Had extra parts that do not fit this aplication . Will return kit .
 Five miles down the road after installing the Fram Air Hogg filter , My check engine light came on.Maybe the filter caused it , maybe not .
 This product broke immediately after installation . The channel on my car is too narrow . When I raised the windows the deflectors got in the way . This caused the deflectors to crack . Extremely disappointed , all that money for nothing .
 had it installed and it cycled out so i was able to get the car inspected but the light came back on 5 days later , then went out 6 days later , then came back on in 7 days and has been on for the past 2 weeks . I 'm wondering if this is normal or if the part is defective . I would like to have a new one sent to me , i believe the part is faulty .
 Interesting that this item was sent to me for review . I ordered this part but returned it because the picture and item description are not correct . Notice the picture shows the wheel spacer as being thick with studs installed making one believe this spacer is nearly an inch thick which was what I needed . Description -LRB- stated -RRB- is for 25mm thick spacer -LRB- nearly 1 '' -RRB- , actual spacer is about 1/4 '' maybe 8mm thick , and did include longer studs that are to replace existing studs on existing hub . Do not order this item , needs description and picture corrected .
 I ordered push rod tubes based upon the pictured item on Amazon web . When I received the push rod tubes they were the unadjustable standard type . If I accepted this order they would be way over priced . The picture needs to be corrected
 Description of the product was misleading . Wrong part was shipped . I had to pay the mechanic for scheduling the part install . Description for any part on Amaon should be accurate . I hold Amazon partly responsible for allowing vendors to write anything about the product ! not acceptable Azamon !!!
 Bought for a 2002 Sienna . Denso is the OEM sensor for the 6 cylinder , so I expected 10 + years of service like I got on my original sensor . Replaced the sensor and it failed within 6 months . Only warrentied for two months . Very disappointed .
 Excited to get item for my SUV . Followed all directions to apply . Looked great until one fell off while driving on Interstate . Now I have one , and I am out a lot of money . Very hesitant to purchase again . Disappointed and feel that for the amount the item cost , it should have more secure way to attach to vehicle .
 This filter I purchased is NOT for a 1998 Malibu . It 's not even close ! For anybody that 's buying any type of filter should double check the filter type before purchasing .
 I like the price and the filter itself ; However , Amazon has the wrong size listed for the 2009 Infiniti FX35 . This filter is about 2 inches taller in heights , but width is ok . There is same filter with 2 inches less in height .
 Review is about the listing , not the filter .50 % of the air filters -LRB- 3 of 6 -RRB- listed for the Subie 2005-2010 2.5 L H4 DO NOT FIT . The filter needs to be approximately 8 x8 in . This filter is 8 x 12 . That said , the filter looks pretty much like the K&N ; filters I have had on cars in the past -LRB- cone type custom application -RRB- I ca n't find a way to contact Amazon to communicate the problem - this is the 1st time I have been really frustrated with Amazon .
 Simply put this filter clearly states that it will fit a Nissan Murano . If one Nissan Murano can hoestly tell me this filter fits they are wrong . This filter is well over 1/4 '' too high and will never set properly compared to an OEM . It , in a word , is worthless . FRAM WHY DO YOU LIE TOFRAM PPA4309 Air Hog Panel FilterPEOPLE .
 The other reviewer was quite correct , this IS NOT THE CORRECT FILTER FOR THE SUBARU OUTBACK . What a waste of time !!
 I hope that they have fixed the configurator by now ! But double check the recommendations !
 i used 2 plugs in the tire of a hummer h2but it did not work i had to have apatch put on the inside
 Chrysler AspenDodge AvengerFirst they -LRB- front -RRB- came with no two sided tape on the very bottom of the vent-visor so every time I would role up the window they would hit . Secondly after I installed 3M two sided tap on the bottom of the visors they still would hit because they are to thick at the bottom so after a little shaving down of the plastic and re-installing 3m tape all went well . O and the directions I received did n't say anything about leaving the windows up for 24 hours I only new this because I installed a different brand on my wife 's car and it mentioned it . Took about a hour to do all this so you can imaging my frustration when the direction said easy no tools needed install . Last year I purchased a pair for my 99 Dodge Avenger I did n't have any tape issues but the way the vent-shades where cut made me laugh and cry at the same time . It was like a 2 year old tried to make these things they where wavy and the edge where so sharp I almost cut myself , I called to complain and they said return them . I have come to the conclusion that if you do n't have a newer model or popular year model automobile and they have to special order them or make them for you , you better beware of the cut and 3M take application they send you . No more Venshade for us .
 I was a bit disappointed when it arrived because I thought it was a chrome frame and it was white plastic !
 We had purchased a used 2001 Subaru Forester that we soon found out had a small head gasket leak . It would run for about 1-2 hours before it would slowly start to overheat . After the 1-2 hour period of running , the colant would be completely consumed . To me , this easily classified as a small leak.We were low on money and after speaking to several mechanics about head gasket repair , we heard about the Blue Devil addiitive . After reading some reviews about this product , I decided to use it . I followed the directions very careful , including a thorough flush of the cooling system and removal of the thermostat.The vehicle ran very well after the process was finished . There was no more overheating and the cooling system retained it 's proper coolant level . HOWEVER after about 5,500 miles of vehicle operation , apparently the additive failed . The engine began to overheat once more , consuming all of the coolant . This time , however , the gasket leak appears to be much worse , as the vehicle can only be driven for periods of 30 minutes , instead of the 1-2 hours it could be driven BEFORE we used the Blue Devil additive.My advice is to NOT use this product , unless you are one of those selfish people who want to make a temporary fix so you can sell a faulty vehicle to someone else -LRB- like someone did to us in the first place -RRB- . This product does NOT produce a long-term , permanent seal !!
 I had a Gasket leaking about a pint on a 150 mile trip , followed instructions to a T , next day went out to start vehicle and had a cylinder full of water , which busted one piston and striped the teeth off my starter , very very very disappointed , ruined my engine . I rated this one a minus 10 . never again
 I HAD USED THIS PRODUCT TWICE FOR THE SAME CAR & IT STILL DIDNT WORK FOR MY 2002 IMPALA ... IT STILL SMOKES FROM THE TAIL PIPE & IT HAS N'T WORKED YET ... I WANT MY FULL REFUND BACK .
 I put this product in my 2003 Monte Carlo for a small seal leak . The product claims to handle all leaks small and large . Well , almost $ 1500 in repairs later my car runs but I still have a clogged heater-core and no heat . Blue Devil did n't fix the leak but instead it clogged my water pump , almost all the hoses , and obviously killed my heater core . After two days of driving I almost blew my engine because the cooling system was so clogged . Do not use this product unless your willing to take a gamble on it . Do your research online ... this product pops up on many message boards with as a red-flag .
 I had a small head gasket leak . I tried a cheaper product with copper fibers first . That worked for a day . I flushed out the entire cooling system and tried Blue Devil . That lasted for 2 hours . My small leak is now a bigger leak . I 'm wondering if the problem for users depends on whether or not the engine block and heads are made from aluminum . I would not buy this again .
 I BOUGHT A BLUE DEVIL CAN AND YOU I DO THE TREATMENT TO MY HONDA ACCORD 1997 AND TWO DAYS MORE HEAD GASKET BLOW AGAIN , FOR ME BLUE DEVIL DON T WORKED
 this product is no better than a wet paper towel . save your money and buy some cue cleaner and a wet paper towel .
 Was advertised to fit 2000 wrangler 2.5 L engine . Does not fit . Too long for the airbox , you can jam it into the airbox , but it bends the air filter upwards in the middle , creating space for a considerable amount of anything to be sucked into your engine . Not pleased d/t being useless to me .
 Item was listed as fitting a 2004 Jeep Wrangler 2.4 l but what I received was the 4.0 l version , I think . Either way it didnt fit my Jeep . Thats what I get for buying auto parts on Amazon ...
 Nowhere in the desciption , Fram 's website -LRB- or the outside of the box for that matter -RRB- does it mention the `` gotcha '' . To clean the filter , you need to buy some special solvent from Fram and then oil it again with a special oil from Fram . This information is only found inside the box . So do n't expect to be saving any money .
 Chinese bearings . I do n't care where something comes from if it is a quality bearing . However , Chinese made bearings have NOT had a good reputation . The fact that Hot Rods -LRB- sadly , most everyone else too -RRB- uses a product with questionable quality standards for a hard to replace part is very sad to me.Stick with OEM -LRB- Timken , Koyo , etc -RRB- and DO NOT SKIMP !
 What a ripoff to go thru all the work to put these in and the driver side was not even close to fitting .
 I just had to send a review upon receiving this item . The plastic storage case is badly molded , so that the drill bits wo n't come out of their slots . You need a screwdriver to pry them out -LRB- really ! -RRB- , and then you risk breaking the smaller bits . With the case this badly made , I am not optimistic about the bit quality . Should have spent the money for quality .
 I have to second the last reviewer . The bits have to be pried out of the box and it gets annoying after a while . I threw it away and replaced it with a case where they are held loosely .
 I bought this to stripe up a black briefcase so that I could have more visibility at night . This tape is just not visible enough to rely on for safety . It 's degree of retroreflection is quite low -LRB- I could not find one specified -RRB- , and the seller notes on other black tapes like this that black is the least reflective color . Only under the very best of conditions -LRB- shining a flashlight at just the right angle -RRB- did the product show any significant amount of retrofelction . This product reflects a pinkish-orange and is not highly visible . I would give it no stars , but that is not possible . I ended up trashing this product and buying a similar but much more retroreflective product -LRB- 3M Scotchlite 680-85 -RRB- elsewhere .
 I ordered a hi-lift jack mounting system and while the shipment was extremely fast -LRB- less than 24 hours -RRB- . I am extremely upset that this product came missing 90 percent of the parts that were supposed to be inside the package . The product was supposed to come with two mounting brackets and all hardware to mount the system . When i opened the box inside the packaging the only thing that was inside was ONE mounting bracket and the velcro strap . What am i supposed to do with one mounting bracket . And you sold this product for only 5 dollars less than the new ones . I guess thats what I get for trying to get a deal . This was my first purchase through here for my jeep and I was planning on buying many more things from here but if I am only going to get products that are incomplete you can bet I will not buy from warehouse . And as far as your quick delivery you can bet that my shipment will be equally as fast because I am going to UPS right now to send it back to you for my refund .
 The micrometer they sent me is not the micrometer pictured here on amazon . The micrometer they sent is a cheap piece of crap .
 When it arrived , this item turned out to not be the one that was pictured . The image shows a brake master cylinder and reservoir assembly . What arrived in the package was a hydraulic brake hose . I submitted a request to change the image prior to my purchase because it did not match the written description . I got the following response from Amazon on 2/2/12 : Thank you for giving us feedback on images through our Image Feedback Form . We have reviewed your submission for the following product : Beck Arnley 073-1112 Brake HoseASIN
 Thought this might be a timesaver to use on our fleet of state cars . What a disappointment . Thankfully we did n't order a case . Directions have you wash the vehicle , spray each panel a couple of times with the wax and then wipe off the water . By magic it 's supposed provide a wax finish . Well , there was no magic nor a shiny finish . Tried putting the buffer to it to bring out the shine but got nothing to brag about . Also , tried it after a vehicle was dry like a standard wax but this stuff went on like nice smelling water and worked about the same way . We 'll stick to good ol' reliable Turtle Wax for the fleet and Meguiar 's Tech 2.0 for staff cars .
 As per enclosed instructions , this is temporary at best fix , with distorted views . Do n't waste your time .
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 The Thule sidekick came without one of the hinges and with one of the strike plates for the latch half assembled and incorrectly . Calling Thule customer serivce , well , I gave up after 4 20 min period on hold over the course of a week . I sent them an e-mail , no reply , I wrote a paper letter , no reply . I needed to use the item so it was a trip to the hardware store and I had to rig and manage the repairs myself . Quality control at Thule and customer service seem non-existent . I would try other brands , after all it 's only a plastic box and some hardware .
 This product is very poorly designed and extremely frustrating to put together . -LRB- And we have assembled many other things before without trouble ... -RRB- We hope it works out , now that we have endured a huge hassle putting it together .
 This cargo box is attractive and very lightweight , but quality , and probably durability , is cut dramatically in order to achieve that end . My biggest concern with this is the way the arms that hold the top up are attached . The ball joint is inserted into a simple plastic joint , which is far too flimsy . If this item cost only $ 50 , that weak construction would be expected , but it is not acceptable for an item this expensive .
 This cargo carrier is so flimsy that I thought it would fall apart before I got to my destination . The hinges are a joke and barely work . It is also a nightmare to assemble .
 It was impossible to assemble . -LRB- 1 -RRB- One of the nuts , needed to secure one of the locks , had no threads so we could n't attach one of the two side-locks . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The side arm-hinges allow you to open the top and hold it open . Both side arm-hinges were for the same side of the cargo box so we could n't use them . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The edge-hinges were very difficult to attach , and it took two of us to do it.Even if we had the right hardware to assemble the cargo box , I would not trust it to stay closed while driving over 50 MPH down the highway . My suggestion to anyone interested in buying a cargo box is to buy a more substantial box -LRB- heavier -RRB- and ideally one that is already assembled ! Do n't buy this one.Post Script
 This arrived missing some critical parts - the hinge assembly on one side . How it made it through the Thule assembly process is amazing , obviously nobody looked at it before shipping it . The hinge looks like it is installed at the factory and is not something that I could install if they sent me one.I have seen a few other reviewers of this product complain of the same problem.Amazon took the unit back , paid for shipping , and refunded my money . The return was very easy , all I had to do was go to the `` orders '' section and click on the `` return '' option . Amazon handled it all , I didnt have to contact UPS or anything . The next day UPS showed up at my house and took the box . 5 stars for the Amazon return policy and process.I ended up buying the SportRack A90275 Aero XL Roof Box . That comes preassembled .
 Thule Sidekick does not fit Subaru Outback 2012 factory crossbars . See REI reviewer explaining that you need to drill extra holes to get it to work . -LSB- ... -RSB- Thule need to revisit their Fit Guide and remove the Outback 2012 from being a compatible vehicle with this product .
 The chrome tape is indeed shiny and chrome-y . The biggest problems are that it does n't stick to many surfaces , and once you open the package , there 's a really good chance you 're going to have a giant ball of knotted chrome tape as soon as you drop it or do n't tape it back together tightly . I 've yet to find a surface other than glass that the stuff sticks to in my car , a Saturn Sky . On the plus side , it does look exactly as advertised , and if you can get it to stick somewhere , it 'd probably look really cool .
 About 4 months ago I purchased 1/4 inch chrome that was 1/4 inch wide and about 3/32 inch thick . That chrome was very satisfactory and the reason why I purchased more of it . This product shown here is not . It is simply a roll of 1/4 &#34; shiny aluminum color tape . If it was designated as tape I would not have purchased it .
 I have been a loyal customer to Amazon . It is very sad for amazon to allow such item that spread bigotry and hatred to be posted in this site . Very sad indeed.How much have amazon earned by selling this sticker ? Rest assured if more are made aware of the existence of such sticker in amazon , amazon will not even know how much they have lost.Please . Take it out of your site and let the roadside sellers sell this kind of stuff . Not amazon . Please .
 What a terribly offensive sticker even if you arent Muslim . Ive never written a review and this has the honor of being my first ? unbelievable that anything that promotes bigotry or the already lacking education on Islam in this country could be sold on such a major site .
 Shame on Amazon for even allowing such trash to be marketed in its name . Why do n't you go all the way and start selling swastika bumper stickers ... I 'm sure there 's probably a market out there !
 If you replaced the word `` Islam '' with Christianity or Judaism , well , let 's just say I doubt this item would be on your website . I was looking up information and items on Islam , of which you have some good ones , only to come across this hateful , bigoted bumper sticker . Truly shameful . Please take this off your website . I have to seriously consider taking my money , earned by my Moslem husband , elsewhere .
 how can you allow something like this in your website ??? i always purchase things from amazon , maybe its time i take my business somewhere else ... . shame on you.i had to put 1 star b/c it doesnt let you put none ... this product sucks !!!!
 I 'm appalled that Amazon is selling this . I did n't know that Amazon was in the bumper sticker business in the first place , but this is just disgusting . This offends the 1/5th of the world 's population that are Muslim as well as all those who sympathize with their situation today . I want this removed and pledge not to purchase anything else from Amazon until it is gone .
 It appears that 8 months is the lifespan of this compressor . Actually , it 's probably much less than that
 This part failed after 9 months , after being installed by a certified mechanic who was significantly cheaper than a Ford Dealership . Motorcraft , a division of Ford , does not have it 's own customer service line . After four days of looking for one , I was finally sent to a main Ford Customer Service Line that did n't even have an option to speak with someone about a parts warrenty . The dealer did not have any kind of a stake in the issue so all they attempted to do was sell me the labor it would take to establish the part was bad and the labor to replace it . Ford is using its motorcraft line to drive sales in their dealerships by unknowing customers who buy it with a one year warrenty , then are told unless they paid ford 's premium for installation that they will have to pay labor -LRB- on top of what they already paid to install the part -RRB- to troubleshoot and fulfill their warrenty . It is a highly questionable practice . I will never buy another Ford vehicle or Part again . They will not even cover the subsequent damage or towing since the part failure has rendered the car inoperatble .
 Received hitch today and it was missing lock cover and looked like it was was a return.Guess i 'll just use tape to cover lock do n't want to return I need to use it soon.disappointed
 These brakes are emit a lot of dust and make way too much noise , the basic model you get at autozone does n't even have these problems . They will stop the car however .
 Trimbrite T1754 Limo Tint 20 '' `` X10 ` Lt.Smoke `` this is the worst tint i have ever worked with buy it if you want to just throw it in the trash because thats what i did you cant get the stuff apart with out it rolling back on its self
 It does not come with adhesive on anyside of the film . The instructions on and in the box say that you peel off the backing to expose the adhesive ... But there is no backing . I ended up buyin some spray adhesive and doing it the old fashion way . Not what I wanted at all . But oh well it is cheap .
 My 18 volt Dewalt impact does almost as much work . I have many Dewalt tools and am very happy with them . This one does not get close to what Dewalt says it will do . Dewalt should pay me to test their tools .
 This product is barely useable . the turn signal switch does n't automatically turn off when turning left -LRB- the release arm is too short and does n't engage the release -RRB- the lights will sometimes stay on for a few seconds after switching off . -LRB- sticks on -RRB- however it does work and the price was n't too bad .
 I do n't know what I received , but it was not the right gasket for my car . I went to a local auto parts store and got the right part immediately . The part number there was the same as this one .
 I got pulled over and issued a $ 125 ticket for `` obstruction '' of a license plate - because two letters were blurry . I have been driving for 9 years and never received a ticket or citation for ANYTHING except this . I have n't tried the spray , but if it doesnt blur the letters it might be worth the investment . DO NOT BUY THE PHOTO BLOCKER COVER it 's VERY OBVIOUSLY BLURRY - you almost have to FIND an angle that ISNT blurry - which is straight on ... cops dont always ride behind you - they ride in your blind spot - with a clear shot of the blurry angle ! Do n't waste your money on this or it could cost you as much as 3-4 times as much . However , I guess I 'd recommend it if you have received numerous red light tickets in the mail or you run redlights every day . I give this product a 1 out of 10 cuz for a Daily redlight runner , it 'll cost you less per police issued ticket , than the cameras can spit out daily .
 These things do n't work at all . Check out the Mythbusters show on Discovery Channel ... they disproved ANY of these working .
 This cover does n't work . The red light camera took a picture of the plate , and the license plate numbers were clear as day . The cover did not distort the numbers at all .
 I bought two of them . While installing them into my license plate frame , the thing did not fit over license plate . You actually have to cut your license plate edges about 1/8 '' at the sides to fit it into the cover.It did n't help and the cover cracked at one place near the license plate screw . Honestly , I did n't over tight the screw.I put it over my front license plate -LRB- I live in Illinois -RRB- only to protect myself against Laser radar . I think everybody who installed this cover over the license plate take a chance to be ticketed for obstruction the plate as it can be seen clearly only when you look at it absolutely straight . If you have a cop looking at your plate at the slight angle , at least couple digits would be distorted or hidden from being seen them at all . Plus I am not sure that Laser beam will be reflected from the license plate solely and not from the rest of the car.I would NOT buy this cover - waste of money!Michael .
 If you want to give a reason for the cop behind you to harass you , buy one of these . The cops love to pull you over and ask why you have this over your plate . Do yourself a favor and move on . I took mine off after the second cop pulled me over in less than a week .
 I dislike being ripped off . The cover is a plastic licence plate cover used for car shows which you can find for $ 5.99 on this web site . Search for `` Cruiser Shield 74100 '' .
 It is currently a $ 500 ticket for `` covered tags '' in Washington , DC for having this installed on your vehicle if you get pulled over . $ 500 is a lot of red lights and speed camera violations to make it worth it .
 Film on inside of cover turned to a dark brown over time , became brittle , and I eventually had to rip of the layer or get a ticket .
 it does not work anymore . since there is always more than one camera . Also cop will put u over when they see the plate .
 I do n't actually know if it works ... but I do know that it attracts as much attention from law enforcement as ... lets say ... covering your license plate with duct tape ... or just removing your license plate alltogether . Photo shield might have `` slightly '' exaggerated the legality of their product . So if you want to add anywhere from 20 minutes to 3-5 years to your commute and or possible tickets . By all means try it out . Make sure everything else is squeaky clean though .
 On an episode of `` Mythbusters '' on Discovery channel they tested these and found not to work most of the time , in fact the spray is completely worthless . Save your money . My friend got a $ 200 ticket for HAVING this on his car ! Illegal in many states !
 The description says it 's 100 % legal to own , it is , you just ca n't put it on your car over your license plate , but you can legally own it . This will get you a $ 125 ticket in Colorado if it 's covering your plate . It 's a shame the license plate shown is from Colorado . Simply because of what it 's designed for . Signed , a Colorado Police Officer .
 The floormats are not a good fit in the front floor boards . Neither side fits like the manufacturers mats and they are not cut as seen in the picture . If you want something that is a meg shift fit , then these are for you .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I bought it coz it was cheaper than the rest and the following are the faults :1 . The unit came faulty in that the two way communication wo n't work . It will only communicate one way .2 . Called crimestopper tech support and an arrogant personal picked up . Both he and I agreed the problem is either with the remote or the antenna , but he wants me to disconnect everything and send him the entire unit . Why go through all the work in disconnection and re-connection when the problem is only with the remote or the antenna?Anyway decided to do that , so he transferred me to some other idiot to get the RA # and guess what . . he refused to do that . It seams I can only return it to the website I purchased it from . . They will not HONOR WARRANTEE IF I DID NOT PURCHASE IT FROM THEIR WEBSITE DIRECTLY :-D ... 3 . Asked if I could just buy another antenna or remote to save me the hassle of disconnecting everything ... and it seams they do n't sell anything to consumers !!! I have to send them the whole unit and they are going to charge me for fixing a week old defective unit ! 4 . I purchased an antenna from another online website . Adding the cost together , I might as well gone for a reputable unit like Viper , Compustar or Autopage etc. . . I made a `` penny wise pound foolish decision '' going with crimestopper .5 . The range mentioned by them is nowhere close to what you get . My friend also bought a car with a crimestopper and its the same case with his too .6 . In my experience with autopage , bulldog , compustar , the crimestopper has the least customizable options . They advertize 30 customization possible , but none are really worth it . For instance , the remote has 4 buttons and a short press on any will do something to the vehicle like unlock the doors , open the trunk or start the vehicle . ALL other units have options to customize their remote like press two buttons together for any function so that you will not accidently press it . I can not put the remote in my pocket because the buttons get pressed easily .7 . Crimestopper sells the wiring diagram for your car for $ 3.50 . IT IS THE EXACT SAME ONE YOU CAN GET FOR FREE FROM THE BULLDOG WEBSITE . Is n't that enough to tell you what a ripoff company crimestopper really is ? 8 . The installation manual is as concise as it can be . I had to use it in conjuction with the bulldog installation manual to clarify things .9 . When I remote start the car with it armed -LRB- security active -RRB- , the car shuts itself off after a few seconds . The vibration sensor shuts the vehicle to prevent theft !!!!!! The vibration of the car after it has started is shutting the vehicle off !!! I now have to unarm -LRB- unlock my doors -RRB- first and then perform a remote start . How stupid is that ? Again goes out to show the quality of crimestopper products.Overall , I just wish I had paid a little more and went with a respectable brand instead of crimestopper and dealing with their arrogant hopeless technical support staff , who are there just because they are not qualified to get any other job and do unleashes their frustration by troubling the stupid customers that purchased their product .
 After two years of use there are holes/rips in the material even where there is no apparent stress points -LRB- front center of hood near window and sides by door windows -RRB- . It is not water-proof and the material even when new is susceptible to rips and tears if pulled too hard . I need to have it replaced and I can not recommend this product .
 The car cover is way too small for a compact car -LRB- Honda Civic -RRB- . The opening for the door was also in a weird location so that you ca n't really use it to get into the car when the cover is on . I was able to return it but had to pay return shipping which costs over $ 20 - not worth it.It also did not ship until after the date it was due to be delivered . Lots of hassle and not a good product . Very expensive to return .
 This cover fits fairly well and the issue is it tears.A jeep has sharp edges -LRB- the front bumper -RRB- and the coveris tissue thin and fell apart quickly ... sad , as thefit was good , and just too thin and poor quality .
 I have had this cover on my jeep continually day and night in Southern California for the last year now . It has seen little rain but lots of sunshine . The fit is very good and it is not hard to put on by myself . For the last year it has done its job well , but now the fabric is falling apart , especially where the sun hits it most . I have duct tape on many spots just to try and make it last a few more months . On the roof , I tried to brush some dirt off with my hand and I ripped a 10 inch spot . It has simply deteriorated due to the sun and outside elements . I would have been happy if it had lasted two years but it did n't . It is not made of a heavy material . It is pretty thin . It would be a good cover if you just needed it occasionally , but like I said before , mine has been on day and night and it lasted me a year ... maybe a little longer with duct tape .
 I have had this cover for less then a year it is starting to tear.i only hope their return and replace policy is better then their product !
 This horn lasted about 2 months , then died the death . You get what you pay for . Buy a more expensive horn .
 Very disappointed . I installed the horns on my F250 pick up and they are no louder that the stock electric horns . I took them off and put them in the corner of the garage . I am still looking for a louder set of horns .
 The part received was as described , remanufactured brake calipers . It would be important to know which parts of the product are delicate and required special handling . When installing the product , a number of the bolts were too tight . In particular , when we hand fixed the caliper and it was time to perform the breathing , the breather bolt was too tight and got broken . We thought of drilling it out to use the one from the old caliper and this did not work out either . Now I have to do a new order from a different seller , because I am sure the seller would n't accept this back . I hate this experience because , it did not save me the money nor the time as I thought it would . I must mention i have had other products through amazon.com which have worked great , this is perhaps just one time experience .
 Jafrum provides the worst customer service . They are eager to take your money and make promisses to get your business , but if you have aproblem and need to return a product they will find any excuse why its not the products fault but the customers and try to get more money out ofyou . There response time in handling complaints is horrible , instead of the promissed 5 days expect 3 weeks . They will delay your return hopingyou will forget or go away then make up a story which isnt true and deny your warranty on the item . I paid $ 5 to ship my item back to them forwarranty for an item that went bad in 6 months , after rejecting my warranty they said I have to pay the $ 15 If I want them to ship my item back.Stay away this company should be closed down for their horrifficcstomer service !
 Ordered the product , and was very disappointed . It is &#34; so &#34; thin it is like using toilet paper and very cheap looking . Tossed it out and went to a automotive supply place to get some &#34; Quality &#34; stuff .
 I received this cargo net today and the concept and product are good except for the attachment system . This net requires multiple connections -LRB- at least eight -RRB- to the pickup bed and I found the hooks provided to be a bad design for my Tacoma . The only places they attach to the bed are the four tie downs that came with the Tacoma and they do n't stay hooked to them very well . They are bulky plastic . Metal `` S '' hooks would work much better . The `` D '' rings supplied were cheap and useless to me . I thought about returning the net but decided to go to Home Depot and buy parts to make the attaching of the net to the bed work . Had I known all of this prior to purchase , I would not have purchased the net .
 If this item does become available again you should know this cover is for single tank only . Cover pictured for this item is for two tanks.If you want cover for two tanks , click on other products by Classic & you 'll find it.Although cover seems to be made well I gave it a 1 rating because I wanted a cover for two tanks & thought I was getting that because of picture.Maybe I lacked attention to detail when reading description but I think picture confused buying decision .
 The dash mat was good quality but did not fit my rav4 it was not even close . Air vent holes were square when mine ar round and the contour of the mat was not even close . Beware this is not for 2012 model . And even though there was free shipping still cost me to send back .
 Permatex is a respected name . But I do n't respect this product . As lead polymer chemist for a Fortune 500 company , I dare say that if I had problems with the procedure , most layman will . Awkward ! Clumsy ! Ineffective ! I 've used similar products with much more ease and success . I 'll never consider this system again .
 do not buy it !!!! I follow the instruction , 1,2,3,4 and then found the tube is empty , there is not any resin inside !!!! I return it.CommentFinally , I check the tube again , it is not really empty , I found one drop .
 I followed the instructions exactly . -LRB- It would have been nice if there were a parts list included as there are many and not all are used -- some for 12 '' cracks , the rest for smaller cracks . -RRB- After about an hour of waiting , I removed the syringe from the windshield and some blue stuff oozed out of the opening and onto my car . The substance in the syringe is CLEAR ! I quickly cleaned it up before it got onto the paint but I have no idea whether the crack has been repaired or not -- not given what happened and the consistency of the blue liquid .
 I purchased this product and now regret it . I started with 2 little starburst cracks from a rock hitting the windshield . Should be easy to fix or at least stop from spreading . Now I have a crack all the way through the middle of my windshield . This happened withing 30 minutes of using this product while the car was sitting still . I will never try this product again and do not recommend it to anyone .
 Took everything out of the package to repair a small &#60; 1 &#34; star . Cut the tip off the resin tube and squeezed pretty much NOTHING into the filler base . Went ahead and did all the steps just for the heck of it , and yup ... Nothing happened except wasting time .
 Permatex had , in my opinon , a decent product . They changed it and now it 's just terrible . Do yourself a favor and go try out a competing product called Fix-a-Windshield . I reviewed that one , as well.Here 's what Permatex changed for the worse :1 -RRB- No more suction cup . Used to have a clear suction cup through which you could watch bubbles coming up as you pumped out the air . No longer . Now it 's an opaque pedestal which you have to stick to your windshield with a 2-way adhesive patch . Ca n't see through it , and ca n't verify that the crack has been filled before removing the pedestal .2 -RRB- Not enough resin . Used to be the syringe was filled with resin . Now a little tiny tube of resin is included , and it is not even enough to fill the bottom of the pedestal .3 -RRB- No more pumping with the syringe . This was the only effective way to get the air our of the crack to be able to fill with resin . Now there are pre-set positions for the syringe
 I had tried it twice -LRB- two different packages from local Kragen store -RRB- for repair sesame size chips on my windshield . After carefully follow the instructions and put the repair under the sun for more than 3 hours , the chemical did not cure at all and the crack/chip is still there.Don ' t waste your money .
 I have a very small -LRB- approximately 0.25 '' -RRB- star and crack in my windshield caused by a rock . Far less than the 12 '' this product is supposed to work on . I used this product and followed the directions for my type of crack . The clear stuff took well over 1 hour at 51 degrees F to dry , and I can still see the crack in my windshield . It just does n't work .
 I carefully read the instructions and watched the video on Permatex 's website and followed them to a tee . Like the other -LRB- mostly -RRB- negative reviewers noted , the adhesive on the `` suction '' cup tore away from the plastic upon removal . Luckily , I had a bottle of isopropyl alcohol and rags handy to clean up the dark gooey mess left on my windshield . The rest of the procedure went as planned , but the results were poor . I had a small bulls-eye with 4-5 spider legs extending out . After the repair , the spider legs were 50 % better , but the bulls-eye was still there as before . Fortunately , the chip was on the lower passenger side area so hopefully it wo n't get any worse .
 I drove around with a tiny chip -LRB- less than 1/4 inch -RRB- in my windshield for over a month ... I went out and bought this product , and five minutes after putting the little apparatus on my windshield , the crack actually extended a good 7-8 inches in two different directions . I should 've just left it as it was .
 I have a very small bullseye crack in my windshield -LRB- less than .25 '' -RRB- and tried this . The instructions are not great , but common sense helps past that flaw . This product , however , is terrible . Fluid did not penetrate at all in the crack and , in fact , ran down my windshield with the ease of pouring water on my windshield . Product never filled crack , never cured . Definately try something else .
 This product failed to repair my bullseye damage on my windshield . I do n't believe that the resin ever reached the cracks . It looked just the same as it did before the repair . I used some other product several years ago on a similar bullseye with outstanding results . The repaired area looked like no damage had ever occurred . I believe the problem with the Permatex product is that the resin is too thick to be pulled into the cracks , even after creating the vacuum . The resin needs to be very low in viscosity and low in surface tension to flow into the crack . If the resin never flows into the crack , the crack will always show . I called Permatex and they said that maybe the product was old , so I went back to Auto Zone and they gave me my money back . I wish I could remember the brand of product I used several years ago when I had such good results . The resin was water thin and required several hours in the sun to cure but it was definately worth it .
 I followed the instructions meticulously trying to repair a small star in one windshield and a several-inch-long crack in another . Both windshields had been damaged less than a week before and had been kept clean and dry since then.This stuff does n't flow into cracks and does n't harden in sunlight at all . Permatex customer support said it was working as designed , and suggested I recontact them for instructions on how to get a refund . Not much consolation for my wasted time and two windshields contaminated with whatever this chemical may be and therefore made unrepairable .
 Simply put , not enough resin to complete the job . I bought mine at the parts store where it was the only product available . Now seeing what else is out there , by anything else .
 My windshield has scratches , not cracks , and this did not work for them . Guess I should have read the product description more thoroughly .
 I am here buying this product because I borrowed it from my shop Associate , put one squeeze on the thing and it broke @ the white metal push collareither I am king Kong Handed or this is a under designed tool , I have used a `` C '' clamp for 28 years and never had a problem until I lent it out and it did ` ntcome back Hope this helps
 I ordered this item and got a a Monkey Grip branded gauge . The inch and millimeter scales are printed on the sides of the hexagonal bar that slides through the casing . All but one of the scales are not printed in the correct position on the bar , which means you will not get an accurate measurement most of the time if you rely on the scales . On my unit , only the scale marked 0 , 3 , 6 , 9 ... millimeters was correctly zeroed . The marking for 1mm on the adjacent face of the bar -LRB- 1 , 4 , 7 ... -RRB- corresponds to an actual 2mm measurement . The 2mm mark corresponds to a 3.5 mm measurement -- 2 is more than 3 ! The scales for 32nds of an inch are similarly misaligned and non-zeroed . In fact , on my unit , a perfectly bald tire would have a groove depth of negative -LRB- a protruding groove of -RRB- 1/32 inch ! I ca n't tell you if the other gauges offered on Amazon are precise , but for just a buck or two more I think you 're better off with the other options .
 This is a poorly made Taiwanese auto part . The plug must be removed for installation and then the pins fall off due to poor clamping . The wires are shorter than the original making the connection under the dash that more difficult . The cancellation tabs are poorly molded and left with excess plastic on the ends so the action is harsh unless they are trimmed or they are left to wear smooth over time . I had to use this part in a pinch but I will be replacing it again with another brand -LRB- Airtex Wells is much better -RRB- . And , the emergency flasher switch did not work .
 I purchased this product to repair a rearview mirror which had dislodged from a windshield . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT for the reason mentioned above . It will not work.Someone may feel compelled to defend this product . They may state that it was not used properly ; or for some unseen reason , it was not used under the correct conditions.Any person or company who states this product can be used for rear view mirror anchorage should be subject to a drug test , and possibly neutered .
 I 've tried using the product several times , mixing equal parts of the solutions , more of the left and more of the right and regardless of combination , I can not get the product to dry . Several days later the product is still sticky and tacky to the touch . The idea of it being clear was nice in case there was any bleed out of the edges but the fact that the two pieces were n't ever held in place made that convenience moot .
 The bag is black , just as in the picture . There is absolutely nothing on it with a Mossy Oak break up pattern as the title suggests . And as far as the zipperless compartments that are described in the features , The one I received has not one , but two zippers on each compartment . Maybe they 're zipperless zippers , I do n't know but they work just like the one on my jeans so I 'm calling them zippers that zip.The bag is nice enough but it is nothing like Amazon 's description !
 well this was supposed to be for my truck and when it came in it looked nothing like the picture and it came no where close to fitting my truck dash ! it was to short and completely different than what they said i was getting ... compared to the picture ... i paid about 35 dollars for a piece of crap that doesnt work ... thanks alot !
 BEWARE
 The pair of ball joints that Amazon sent me must have been parts that other people had returned . One ball joint had a hole in the grease boot . The other had a metal plate where the grease fitting hex nut is supposed to be . I ca n't remove that plate ! So there is no way for me to put in the grease fitting ! I 'd also add that the grease boots do n't match each other either.So , while I do still like Moog , buy them elsewhere , preforably someplace where you can inspect them first!If I can , I will upload some pics .
 Despite attempting to ensure this part would fit the vehicle by entering all pertinent info on the site , which verified this was compatible for my vehicle , it was NOT the correct part , and delayed the repair on my car another week .
 the clamp bar is misalignment with the other half , when its tighten it would not line up right and create and off set ridge , this will not create a perfect flare , so much for american made product
 This product is not capable of making double flares for brake lines . I 've tried to make at least 25 flares using 3/16 '' brake line with this thing and all of them were uneven and lopsided . I had a friend try and he had the same result . The brake line was properly prepared before each flaring attempt . Very disappointed , but you get what you pay for .
 Total garbage - better use within 30 days to return , I got stuck paying to ship back and restock fee . Useless ...
 Waited for this item to arrive to finish a fuel line . Opened the box and the clamp was completely misaligned . Impossible to even clamp a line in the hole . Complete waste to time and returned to Amazon .
 PART # 88-1409 is for the 88-91 h.c. the correct part # for model yr 92-95 is 88-1420 . Ck pacesetter web site for pricing . Under product they also list it incorrect . Do your research I didnt before purchase . Amazon missed the boat on this one
 I looked on the package for directions or actual tire specifications but there was none and just the universal fit claim . So , I proceeded to put it on my H3 spare but it tore . Waited a whole week for delivery , really disappointed right now .
 I replaced the mounts and I almost have the same vibration after the installation . it feels almost same as the broken ones
 I ordered two these to replace a worn out set of stock parts on my Explorer Sport . As a long time Amazon user , I anticipated rapid shipping and a quality product . The shipping , at least , was as expected . Both parts , however , were clearly refurbished or customer returns - dirty , dinged up , and poorly lubricated . I expected better from Amazon .
 Amazon 's Tool to select front ball joints for 2000 F250 superduty diesel trucks is wrong . I had to return this and the matching ; K6664 are wrong . I returned them , worked with Moog to find the correct parts and reordered them .
 I used this product , as recommended in `` SVO ; Powering Your Vehicle With Straight Vegetable Oil '' , in converting my Dodge Ram 2500 to run on waste vegetable oil to seal the threads on all of my fittings and valves . This turned out to be a HUGE mistake . Nearly every single joint leaked within a month . I have had to re-do every connection with yellow -LRB- gas-rated -RRB- teflon tape , and now have no leaks . I do n't know if it was the temperature -LRB- within the supposed operating range of the product -RRB- or the solvent power of diesel/wvo -LRB- although many of my coolant joints also leaked -RRB- . Either way , stay away from this sealant for diesel , vegetable oil , or coolant connections .
 the fit over the rear axle isnt very good , rubs on diff.Not much louder than stock muffler.Chrome exhaust tip turned goldish in color in two days .
 These Coverking floormats came quickly . But they do NOT have the precut holes as shown on the picture . There is no way to hold them in place , so they slip around a lot . Bad deal .
 I bought these because Amazon paired them with to purchase with a normal-size grease gun ... all the while they are about a fifth of the size that they need to be to fit a normal grease gun . After 30 minutes , one cut finger and a very , very greasy butter knife I was able to get about half the grease out of these and into my -LRB- wonderful -RRB- Amazon grease gun . Avoid these unless you know you have whatever mini-grease gun they fit ... just because Amazon recommends them as an accessory to a grease gun , does n't mean that it 's a good recommendation .
 My mistake . I read the product dimensions of 8.4 '' long and figured these would fit my Lincoln 1134 grease gun . These are actually about five inches long and tiny . The grease itself is fine . The product , however , is deceptively marketed here , given the price . Of course , I `` could '' insert it in the larger gun , but it leaves a nasty mess . Perhaps these are for micro-guns ?
 The item was completely wrong . After putting in all the info for my car , the site came up with this item . I tried several times but each time it came back to this item . The picture was not the same looking hose , but it said it was a generic picture . After purchasing the item , when it arrived , it was not even close to the original hose . Had to send it back and get a credit . That was easy and simple process , but it took two to three weeks to get my credit on the card . I did purchase two hoses , and the upper hose was correct . Just a little put out that afer all the effort I put into making sure this was the right item , it turned out wrong .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 This is not for a Compass or Grand Cherokee . This is only for a Compass . I have a Grand Cherokee but even if you have a Compass , do n't buy it . It comes with a bag full of screws and no instructions and no obvious hooks or screw holes for installation . After searching another website for the installation instructions , I found out that drilling will be necessary . That 's it - no indication as to where you might want to drill , just that it will be necessary . Spend the extra $ 20-50 and get something that works .
 This is a horrible product . It is flimsy and does not stay in place . There are some velcro straps that you are supposed to use to secure it . There really is n't anything to secure it with in my 2010 Town & Country anyway . It broke when I placed it in my van and opened it up . This is going back to the seller . I also realized that even if this thing did not break , it still is n't a good option . It is heavy to take out and you ca n't remove it with things in it . I 'm going to try the Chrysler minivan tote , which I think will be a much better solution . I fold the seats a lot in my van . Having to remove all my stuff from the van just to fold the seats down would be silly . I think a tote makes more sense if you fold your seats down a lot . You can just pick up the tote , fold the seats down and place the totle back on the flat surface . I wish I had thought of this earlier .
 I was expecting for the price that this product would at least be relatively durable . It 's far from it . The plastic sides and dividers easily warp and become bent out of shape . Then it collapses in on itself . Basically useless . I 'd return it but I threw out the box already .
 The rubber straps that hold down the gun are worthless . They pop off easily and are lost . Not a product I would purchase again .
 The order came in without the center caps and it took a long time for me to find a dealer that sold them in my city
 I read all the wonderful reviews and was confident I was getting a well made product . When I received the necklace , I tried to open the lobster clasp and it broke .
 ... the chain was n't literally welded to the clasp . I bought two of these chains because they were so pretty and both of them snapped right where the clasp is welded to the chain . The metal is so thin than any pressure snaps the clasp right off . There is no hope of repairing it either because there is no loop . Your only hope would be another weld.A real bummer because it was pretty , I guess that 's why it was so cheap .
 This shows the fairing and gives a description of the Plexiglas fairing but all you get is the headlight bracket and not the headlight fairing . I feel conned .
 this is the same deal as the other review ... . gon na call amazon and envoke that A-Z guarantee they offer .
 The cleaner did its job but but after the job was done I cound n't relieve the pressure in the container due to a malfunction in the pressur regulator . Sent it back .
 The quality of the tool is good for the money , but with no adapters , you can not hook it up to a vehicle . I do n't know how or where to get the adapters . I searched OTC 's website , but could n't find any fittings and I emailed OTC , but have not received a reply . So , I now have a well built , useless tool .
 The actual silicone delivered from this canister is excellent quality and performs well for preventing vibration induced loss of mechanical items . However the delivery valve and mechanism leave a lot to be desired . I use small quantities over a number of weeks and after about 5 screw-on-screw-off uses , the threads on the valve begin to overhaul , the valve fails to shut completely with consequential hardening of the silicone in the dispensing nossle and necessary removal and shoving a screwdriver into it to unjam the solid material.I bought a box of these and although the dispensed product works well I would not recommend this and I will not be purchasing further items with this type of dispensing mechanism . It is a pain to have to start every use dismantling and clearing the nossle and using a pair of pliers to push the valve because the plastic threads have overhauled . I would not recommend this dispensing mechanism unless you intend to use the entire contents in one session .
 Save your money.Bought this to secure screwdriivers in a toolbox i transport a lot & it does an ok job at best ?? I found a magnetic rail from Harbor Freight works moch better laying flat in a drawer .
 Did n't work for my snap-on hard handled screwdriver set . The handles do n't fit well in their saddles and the weight of the handle teeter-totters the blades up in the air . Maybe if it had a magnet rail down the middle ? Otherwise decent plastic construction . No complaints on the seller and the matching wrench racks are working well .
 Made multiply changes to exhaust system so unknown results of just this item . My stock 3.4 l Toyota Tacoma truck has more power , that I always suspected of had a restrictive exhaust system which is true . Whether this restriction was from the catalytic converter or the muffler system ; I do not know , but after putting on this stainless steel catalytic converter that does bolt in/on place without modifications to a Gibson stainless steel exhaust kit that does not simply bolt in place , my truck now has a noisier growl and runs free . Wish I made this change when I first bought the truck , as it is far better even with the added noise factor , which grows on you but I would like to have it quite if I did not have to give up a better running truck . I believe the noise is do to the smaller muffler and has nothing to do with the catalytic converter , only wish I new if changing the catalytic converter would have improved the flow without adding the noise that I believe is caused by the after market exhaust system which cost a lot to install as it was not a bolt in/on no matter how they describe it . All I know is that you are going be going to good muffler shop which should be able to do the same job with the parts they have on hand . It would have been worth buying the exhaust kit it if was simple installation complete with the flange plate that bolts up to the catalytic converter and factory style muffler hangers welded in place but then you still going to shop to have it welded for a seal tight durable connection which means your are going to be paying more money to have it installed , killing any savings of buying a exhaust kit , especially one that does not come with the flange plate and needs to be welded together to be a sealed system plus the clamp on supplied single hanging bracket -LRB- s -RRB- suck compared to the welded on dual factory original setup . Thanks to my installer he fabricated a setup similar to the factory muffler hanger which I am very pleased with . Secondary thoughts are that the stainless steel system is over kill and the aluminumized steel is the way to go according to the muffler shop I went to .
 The picture of the box shows aluminum , the description says aluminum , but they 're not aluminum . They 're steel.Plenty strong , just heavier than I expected . There are aluminum ones available on Amazon for practically the same price -LRB- within a few cents -RRB- .
 These are powder coated steel , not aluminum . The steel is n't bent to 90 degrees , so there is a gap between the board end and metal part that fits in the truck . I 'll be sending them back .
 Its like that scope deal with the army ... I installed them , was happy , pulled the ring up and there 's a fish there ?!? Not a trout or a bass ... nope its a Christian fish symbol . I posted a pic in the product description so see for yourself . I 'm all cool with people posting printing or sticking whatever and wherever on their own stuff , but this is mine and they sneaked it in . I do n't want any sneaky idolatry going on ... no stars of david , no wicca symbols , no islam , athiestic atom symbols , no nothing as its a tie down and life should be easy . And if I wanted one that had a little Harley Davidson symbol or something there , put it on the packaging so I know I 'm getting extra and I might even pay extra for it . I returned em .
 The hook may hold 1000 lbs . although the plastic that holds it into the pocket will crack and break . When it cracks and breaks more each day eventually it is just a loose hook into your trucks pocket . I see they make a better stainless version # 05653 for $ 10 more and that would eliminate my issue altogether .
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Received the item fast . Unfortunately it did n't work . We went to the Mfg website and looked at all the help files , followed all of their recommended procedures , and test procedures and nothing helped , it 's just dead . My husband has a background in electrical , so he knows what he 's doing . Returning it and ordering a different brand of controller . Hope that one works!SunGuard SG-4 4.5 amp 12 volt Solar Charge Controller Regulator by MorningstarReturned the defective controller 2 months ago and am STILL waiting for my refund ! Wo n't buy from this seller ever again . Just filed a claim with Amazon , maybe they can get me my money back .
 The item arrived quickly and packaged well . Unfortunately , the controller did not work . I applied the output of 2 X 15 watt solar panels -LRB- 30 watts -RRB- . Input voltage was well within range as was amps . However , there was no output from the controller . I read in other reviews that there had to be a load to see that the controller was working , so I connected the output to my battery that was slightly discharged . After 2 very sunny days of solar output with proper voltage measured to the input of the controller , there was no change to the charge on the battery . I 'm sending it back and looking for something else .
 The price was good , shipping was fast , but the product simply did n't work . 20 volts were coming in , 0 volts were coming out . It was completely defective .
 I purchased the replacement buld by the makers description . It was the wrong item and now I 'm waiting 2 or 3 weeks to return it cause I have to have a return label . And they said I could n't return it if it is opened . Well , how do I know if it fit without opening it ??? I still have not received the return label . Very unhappy !
 Article received 5.81250 K Eibach Pro-Alignment Performance Alignment Kit -LRB- This product does not fit your 2006 Ford Focus -RRB- , my car needs is the item Eibach Pro-Alignment Performance 5.81310 K Alignment Kitthis is not what I ordered and is not compatible
 After a lot of searching for a car seat shade for my toddler who hates having the sun in his eyes , this shade appeared to be the best pick . Turns out , the fit is way to small for our convertible car seat . The description on the packaging clearly says that it fits all infant/toddler car seats . My husband had to struggle for an hour to get it on . It does not sit right and bows up and blocks the drivers view through the rear window . We currently use it because we have no choice until I find an alternative . I only gave it two stars insead of one because it does actually work to block the sun . If you are thinking of purchasing this shade , be sure you have a small enough car seat to fit it .
 I found that this shade did not really provide shade in the places I needed it . It obstructed my son 's view out and it was really difficult to get him into his rear facing car seat with this installed . There are not a lot of alternatives . We installed a rear window shade that really helped and have not found a great solution for the side window .
 Do not buy this gauge . I have to take the back off each time I use it and move the batteries to make contact .
 A nice gizmo , but did not read pressure accurately . Do n't waste your time with this one . we went back to a manual pressure gauge .
 This is cheap made , air always leaks when you test , and soon the battery will be gone . Buy Viair 90056 instead , high quality , accurate number , no need battery .
 after using the accutire ms-4350b a few times it just stopped working - no display readout ... the front light works ... i exchanged batteries just to make sure that the batteries are good - still now read out . frustrating . it seems i am not the only one experiencing that problem .
 Its a great pressure gauge totally ruined by one thing , a bad seal . Its not really the rubber seal , but the fact that the nozzle/tip of the gauge is really short so its hard to line up the gauge straight onto the tire valve . Some buyers report better results with an added o-ring , I ended up gluing a short straw-shaped tube -LRB- cut it out from a pen barrel -RRB- to the tip for better alignment and got a better seal . But what a pain to have to do that . I would n't buy this gauge unless they fix that.Update
 Once the Accutire MS-4350B arrived I used it to check the pressure in my car tires , it worked only on one tire and I could not get a reading for the remaining tires . The big problem is that next day I got a flat tire and it was the same tire that I was able to get a reading from ! The guy at the repair shop told me that this is because the needle at the middle of the valve was moved out of it 's correct position which caused the air to leak and ofcourse this is because of the Accutire MS-4350B .
 I bought 2 for our two cars ... Neither one works as stated ... gives different readings each time ... does n't fit stem well .
 This tire gauge is too difficult to use . The gauge must be fitted at the exact angle to the tire valve or no reading appears on the screen , and after three or four tries per tire , you begin to wonder why digital is better than a plain old `` analog '' gauge that 's performed adequately for generations , why a programmable gauge is necessary for something as mundane as filling a tire , if a readout to the tenth of a pound is really necessary short of Formula 1 racing , and who paid off Car and Driver Magazine to recommend such an obviously inferior , fragile , and poorly engineered piece of junk .
 takes to much time just to check a tire , no good for tight spot , stay with the traditional tire gauge , it cost less too !
 I would not recommend this tire gauge to anybody . The rubber grip does n't grip , making it very hard to measure . Compared to the old-fashioned mechanical gauge , this one is n't accurate at all . For tire pressure of 35 , it can display 16 and then the number keeps declining , making you think that 16 is the pressure . It 's not worth the money at all .
 first digital tire gauge . this thing is hard to use and even harder to read correctly . i will be switching back to old school tire gauge after this . what a waste of money .
 Bought the MS-4350B in Feb 2012 , Ca n't seem to get it to read all 4 tire continuously.After turning it on , when the guage shows 0.0 , I check the pressure and it beeps then shows the pressure.The reading last for 10sec , then disappears , when I try it on the next tire , it only give me the preset window with the preset value with no reading of the pressure at all.I 'll have to wait for 5-10 mins then do the next tire reading!Did I use it wrongly or did I not set it correctly?Does anyone have the same problem ?
 I received the Accutire as a gift and thought it was pretty neat so I threw out my old pencil style gauge which was n't the most accurate and threw this in the trunk . About 6 months later one of my tires appeared low and when I pulled out the Accutire it was dead . I looked to see if you could replace the batteries but you ca n't . Once it dies -LRB- in about 6 months -RRB- you have to buy a totally new gauge . Going back to the pencil gauge which while not the most accurate is guaranteed not to die .
 the item is attractive , but instructions are lacking.maybe good if one understands how to use it ,
 This digital tire gauge drains battery even if you are not using it.I checked my tires once a month , but , I already have to change battery about once per year.The gauge still use power to memoris the pre-setting of tire pressure . come to think about it , thepre-set memory is useless if you have 2 different cars . -LRB- Because it only can memoris one front and one back tire setting -RRB- . The 2032 lithiumX2 battery is not cheap , I expect it should last at least 5 years .
 I purchased this gauge from Target , it 's marketed by Bell with the Victor branding on it but is the Accutire gauge . I used it once and it was OK -LRB- except for the sealing issue which was a slight hassle -RRB- . I took it from the glove box a few weeks later and it was dead . Although the light still worked I suspected the batteries -LRB- is n't it supposed to be auto off -RRB- ? Changed the batteries and it is still dead . It 's a piece of junk . Just buy a manual stick gauge for 5 bucks , they are almost as accurate and at least it will work when you need it .
 I bought this product for $ 10 in a Gold Box deal a few weeks back , and finally have had the opportunity to try it out ... A waste of $ 10 unfortunately . I had read the other reviews that said this product was tough to seal on the tire stem , but I had a 100 % failure ... No seal was able to be made at all , it simply does not have enough leverage to depress the plunger in the stem and let the pressure hit the meter to be read . There does n't seem to be enough room on the tip of this device to let it push in far enough , so I 'm not even sure what modifications will make it work .
 i got 5 of these , to give as presents and to keep one , 4 of them stopped working after a couple of months -LRB- under light use ... everybody checks the tires once a week . . at most -RRB- good idea , bad quality
 I have 2 accutire ms-4350b . They are consistent but inaccurate.They were both zeroed , and one read 44.0 and the other read 53.5 on the same tire . This was repeatable.Also they will not work if cold at all.About 50 degrees F is required for them to start up .
 It does not make a good seal with the tire stem and sometimes you get a quick and accurate read out , sometimes you have to wait 20-30 seconds until it gives a read out and sometimes , if the seal is not good it gives an inaccurate read out .
 When I pressed the gauge on the schrader valve , it still said zero . No matter how hard I pressed . I think the little pin in the schrader valve was going inside the hole on the pressure gauge .
 It was ok , while it lasted , but broke after a little over a year , ie . stopped turning on -LRB- it 's not the battery -RRB- . It was always difficult to get the seal proper . But it worked well once you had it .
 Accutire MS-4350B Programmable Digital Tire GaugeWorked fine for about 4 weeks and then quit . Returned for replacement per their instructions but have recieved zero response from them . Save your money . . I wo n't buy anything from Accutire again .
 I just received three of these gauges this week . They do not have an `` O '' ring in the tip and therefore leak air . Pain in the neck to get a good seal . I have emailed the company requesting that they send me some `` O '' rings . If they do n't , they are going back.I 'll let you know how this turns out .
 Bought this because I wanted the features . Really looking forward to an accurate digital display . I tried it on my car last night and could n't get it to read on some of the tires . It is n't easy to use . I found myself going back to my plain old tire gauge .
 I bought 3 of these a few months ago . One of the three arrived with an internal leak and never worked right . After 3 months , only one of the 3 still works . The second one works only as a flashlight , the pressure reading part has ceased to operate . I ca n't recommend these to anyone .
 The opening is too wide and I have to very carefully place it on the valve stem just right so it depresses the valve or the valve will slip off to the side of the center pin and not read anything . When I do get it to work it takes too long to read the pressure . The one I got from Walmart for a about $ 9 works much better and much quicker .
 I bought this gauge when I moved in from Maine to Missouri . It was an 11th hour order , & was waiting for it to arrive at my GO date but , gladly it came . Unfortunately , I was n't able to check for defects because I was running out of time for my trip . I just noticed that the display was fading , looks like it 's running out of battery yet , the reading was still accurate . When I arrived , it took me some time -LRB- 3 months -RRB- to check it again to buy it a new battery -LRB- energizer -RRB- . Then later I noticed that there were no changes , the display was still fading & the flashlight does n't work , sad to say It came defective . I wish I could return it but it 's a little too late for that.Despite all the issues , the good news is it still reads accurately & does n't need an O'ring because the tip was rubberized . I think I have the newer -LRB- defective -RRB- model . lol
 I used this on a car and two tires , it was fairly easy to get the pressure . The other two tires I had a difficult time getting the guage on the valve stem to get an accurate readung .
 This is my 2nd attempt writing this review , the first was never posted . Unlike some of the other reviewers , I never had a problem getting a good seal on my car , it worked fine while it worked but stopped working after 15 months or so . I also had a 4021-B Accutire gauge that stopped working after a couple of years.I did manage to find their website where you can submit warranty claims but to me it was n't the risk of shipping it only to have them deny my claim , where I can just buy another one for not that much . Now that I think about it , I think my last review was not posted because I posted info about the warranty , listed Accutire 's website link etc. . So I wo n't do that again but be aware their website is not the easiest to find .
 I purchased three of these MS-4350B tire gauges -- one for each of my vehicles . They arrived yesterday . They are going back today . I tried to make an air-tight seal , but regardless of how hard I pushed -LRB- and I tried it on each of my vehicles -RRB- I could not prevent air from escaping . I see where several other reviewers had some success by purchasing an O-ring , but I feel the manufacturer should make a product that works as advertised without me having to modify it for them .
 I bought this a little over a year ago and initially had a bit of trouble getting it to seal on the valve stems of the wife 's SUV . However , with a little bit of adjustment on my part , it sealed ok . Altogether , I have probably checked both our vehicles tires about 3 times in the last year , and when I just went to check mine the gauge read 50.0 psi !! Well I was startled to say the least but I knew that was n't correct.I grabbed our trusty old pencil type gauge and it read 28psi . I had another pencil gauge stored deep in the recess of my workshop and tried that one too-it agreed with its cousin , 28psi . I tried the Accutire gauge on the rest and all read 49.5-50 .0 psi . Reading the instructions , they suggested resetting the gauge , which I did to no avail . it still reads WAY above the correct setting.So , I think from now on I will rely on the old standby pencil type as they seem to be more durable and accurate then this particular digital gauge was . My opinion , it was a waste on money .
 I am very sorry I bought this tire pressure guage . It worked three times and simply stopped working . Buyer beware this is an absolute piece of rubbish .
 The display is good and it worked fine the first 2 times I used it , but now it 's displaying completely bogus pressure readings . Checking the pressure on the same tire several times in a row , it says 30psi , 36psi , 46psi , 49psi , 39psi ... And , yes , I do know how to use it ; an older model Accutire meter that I have says 33psi consistently . I thought I bought a pressure gauge , not a random lottery number generator . There 's a 5-year warranty so I guess I 'm sending it back now .
 I found that the gauge does n't always read correctly the first time you try to get a reading -LRB- usually comes up with zero with the tire maybe just a little low . Gauge requires multiple attempts .
 I bought 3 of these for Xmas gifts . The problem is that they do not power on at cold temperatures . I left all 3 in my car overnight in late December and all 3 failed to power on until they were brought inside and allowed to warm up . This is a huge problem here in Michigan where it sometimes stays below freezing for 2-3 months a year . As far as I 'm concerned , they are almost useless as I do n't think I should have to keep them in a heated environment . This negates the convenience of having a digital gauge .
 Save your money or try something else . Right out of the box the light did not work and when I programmed my tire pressure the display was partially visable .
 I used to have a similar product that I paid about 13 bucks for at Radio shack , that product worked well and w/out any problems . . This Accutire MS-4350B product does work & has a couple of better features , but the main problem is that it takes multiple efforts to secure the mouth of the gauge around the tire nozzle , this sounds like nothing , but believe me , its tedious . . All I really wanted was to check my tire pressure easily , go to radio shack and see if u can get the one I used to have , its much better .
 This does exactly what it is supposed to do and that is measure the air pressure of your tires accurately however , whether you use this tool or not , the battery will be drained in about a couple of months as you will have to replace them very , very often !
 Worked great and perfectly for the 1st 9months but when the 2 CR-2032 batteries expired & I replaced them with new ones , the unit never again could turn on again not because the batteries were at fault but because the system goes bezerk when newly `` booted '' up , never `` booting '' up properly . I 've put the batteries in then out repeatedly to get it to `` boot '' properly . No luck . Why do they make such a dumb design that ca n't handle a fresh battery install ?
 Bought this gauge but only used once ! Since the number is not even close to real tire pressure . My tire pressure was 44 , this gauge showed 39 ...
 This gauge works okay , when it 's working . But the batteries drain too fast and are inconvenient to replace . First , it requires flat camera-type batteries , not readily available AAA or AA batteries . Second , a very small Phillips screwdriver is needed to open the unit to get to the batteries . So right when you need to replace the batteries - say when you 're out on the road - you may find yourself without the right batteries or the right screwdriver .
 This thing is a piece of junk . As stated numerous times in other reviews it 's almost impossible to get a good seal on the valve without letting a ton of air out . I threw this away and went right back to the old school styled pressure gauge because it works all the time every time .
 Update Jan 2011 : Well , the darn thing just died sitting in the car , perhaps froze to death . Now all that works is the little flashlight . Maybe it 's only the LCD panel that 's dead , but obviously it 's now useless.I will now look for a decent mechanical gauge . =========================================== Earlier review : It does take a little bit of work to align the tip to the tire valve , but I 've found that to be true for all tire pressure gauges . -LRB- Yes , perhaps a better design is possible , so dock 1 star . -RRB- Once you 've obtained the right alignment -LRB- no prolonged hiss of escaping air -RRB- , you get a reading quite fast , and it remains consistent from read to read . Note that it shows changes in steps of 0.5 psi.A handy item to keep in your car or garage , slightly easier to use and a bit more consistent than the mechanical `` extending tube '' type of gauge .
 Regardless of how much air is in the tires , it tells us they are at 36 or 37 psi . usefull .
 My Accutire model MS-4350B tire gauge lived a fairly short life . Purchased in March , 2010 - and used only twice - it was found in a comatose state in early 2012 . Attempts at resuscitation proved fruitless and the corpse was laid to rest in a dumpster in my building 's garage . Given the 5-year warranty , we considered returning the unit to it 's place of birth in Parsippany , New Jersey but the cost of shipping in exchange for a sibling / replacement could not be justified . Even a 50-year or 500-year warranty would not have changed this heart-wrenching decision . MS4350B ... we hardly knew ye . RIP .
 Like others have said , poor seal , needs O-ring . But that does n't matter if the product never works.I bought 2 of these , the first stopped working in a few weeks , the second after about 9 months.Since there 's no contact info on the website or in the instructions , the warranty is worthless.This is odd because the other Accutire gauge I had -LRB- the original aluminum-cased digital model -RRB- worked for 10 + years and I only chucked it because the sealing system was getting munched and I could n't see any easy way of replacing it . I assumed the company would still be producing a reliable and well-built product but I guess not.At this point it 's back to mechanical for me , I suspect things are so cheaply built in this digital era that my experience is going to be the norm .
 This gauge does not withstand cold weather very well . If you leave it in the car during the winter , it just would n't work .
 Not a fan at all . Simply does not give you an accurate reading . Seems to be consistently incorrect if that helps . I would avoid this product.Good luck ...
 I bought it for emergency use and did not use much . But it was not working after 10 months once I pulled it out for use .
 I have one of these and it 's nearly identical to the pictures except that it says `` Monkey-Grip '' on the the handle instead of `` Accutire '' . As another reviewer noted it does not work when it is cold . If it 's below freezing you need to warm it up first . With the variation that I have the problem is n't that the seal is too loose - it 's that the opening for the valve stem is too tight . I have a new Subaru with the tire pressure monitoring system and there is one tire out of the 4 that I can not take a reading on because I ca n't get the gauge to slip over the valve stem . On the others it works but just barely .
 Clumsy . Difficult to use . I kept my old one and use the new one as a spare .
 The light worked about the first 3 mins but it 's made in america part of it still works for now . good products are getting harder to find
 Well , I should have read ALL the reviews before ordering this slug . Right out of the box -- defective
 Had the unit for about six months , worked great for a while . When it came time to replaced the old batteries , that was the end of the line for this unit . Now it reads between 14 to 24 pounds higher than what it should read . Think I 'll stick to manual gauges for this purpose .
 Like many of the other reviews I 've read , this tire gauge does not seal properly to the tire 's valve stem . And I 've tried this gauge on 3-4 different cars . If you do n't fit it exactly -LRB- and I MEAN EXACTLY -RRB- centered on the valve stem , you lose a few PSI just trying to insert the gauge . So if you miss the stem a couple of times , you lose 5 PSI right off the bat . And this happens to me 9 times out of 10 -LRB- keep in mind that I 'm not a clumsy person -RRB- . Back-lit LCD screen is nice when using at night . It also stores your car 's factory-recommended tire pressure , but that 's not difficult for me to remember . The gauge does seem accurate though , so there 's no problem there . But it just has a flawed design . Go with theAccutire MS-4021B . Not perfect , but a lot easier to align with your tire 's valve stem .
 This does n't fit well in my valve stem . I think i 've got this for like a year ? and so far i 've only got a reading from this like twice ? Absolutely useless .
 Bought this item several months ago and have not had an opportunity to use it until a couple of days ago . The reading is grossly inaccurate - roughly 20 psi less than the true tire pressure . Never worked correctly defective out of the box . Would like to return it but hardly worth the effort since at this point I will get a partial refund and will have to pay shipping . I wish I had tried it as soon as I got it so I could have gotten a full refund . With all the other complaints why does Amazon continue to sell this product . I wish I had read the reviews before buying this product , but who would have thought something as simple as a tire air guage could be problemmatic ?
 I ca n't believe that so many people rate this thing so highly . And I also ca n't believe that more people do n't complain about how non-user friendly it is!For one thing , you should be able to turn it on and use it , not have to go through several screens just to check your tire pressure ! After you program it , when you turn it on the display should immediately come on to the part where you can check either the front or back tire pressure , without having to go through several screens just to get to the one you need.Moreover , I 'm surprised that Charles T. Walsh was the only reviewer who wrote `` What 's worse is that when it beeps -LRB- to tell you that you have a good reading -RRB- if you do n't immediately remove it , I mean a flash fast muscle twitch reaction , it resets itself and erases the reading it just took . '' How true , Charles ! The thing resets itself so quickly -LRB- forcing you to go through the cumbersome task of once again going through several screens just to get to the one to read your tire pressure -RRB- that after trying it several times , I also gave up and just used my good old manual standby.O ` well . Different strokes for different folks , I guess !
 The progammable features are nice , but I should have listened to the other reviews . Those folks that said this gauge does n't make a good seal with the tire were right on the money . The first time I tried it I let at least 5-6 psi out of the tire . After playing with it for about 20min , I still could only get a good seal after letting about 2-3 seconds of air out of the tire . This thing stinks and I would not recommend it to anyone .
 i tried out this digital tire gauge and did like it at all . the nozzle doesnt cover the tire stem very well and as a result a lot of air leaks out while you are trying to read the tire pressure .
 the blue screen is cool , that 's it the stem does not properly sit causing air to leak , I do not recommend at all .
 Purchased it less than 2 years ago , used it probably less than 20 times . Had to replace batteries once . Initially , it was working fine , but later I started getting inconsistent readings , especially during winter season until it just died few days ago . The warranty on this gauge is 5 years , so I contacted the manufacturer via their web site requesting a replacement . 10 days later , there is no answer from them . That 's not the way the manufacturer should respond to consumer requests if they plan to be on the market ! This company does not have a customer service at all ! I am going to contact Amazon and leave them to deal with the manufacturer , in the mean time I decided not to be cheap and ordered Joes Racing 32307 Tire Pressure Gauge here at Amazon . I am glad I did , what a huge difference and relief.I rated this gauge two stars because the idea behind it is good and it worked on the beginning , but I generally believe that if the manufacturer does not fulfill their warranty obligations and there is a poor customer support , it should be given zero star rating . Regardless of the price .
 I bought this digital tire gauge a few month ago . It work really good until recently when i tried to use it . The screen would not turn on . After pressing the buttons a few times , some weird numbers started showing up on the screen C 1 and 1365 not sure what it was doing . . Anyways tried to put it to use again and the reading was totally off . Changed the battery and still same results .
 Not much to say here . After using this about 10 times , it stoped working . The digital screen just showed strange symbols , even after I changed the battery .
 Bought this a year ago . Worked ok . Three months later , used it again . Again it worked as advertised . I 'm absolutely positive I turned it off . Tried to use it yesterday . Batteries dead . I 'm estimating it has been turned on a total of 45 minutes . I believe that turning it `` off '' does not entirely do so . The batteries are probably always maintaining internal settings and thus always draining . Not worth the money .
 Used just a few times over a one-year period . Kept in glove box and never dropped or mistreated . Took out last week and the display would not come on . Never gets below 40 deg F here so not a cold issue . Bought new button batteries and still does not work . Given the large number of complaints , this appears to be poorly designed and unreliable .
 If you want a fancy paper weight , this is your baby !! OH !! SORRY , I guess you were expecting this to be a tire gauge ? Sorry to disappoint , but this is not a tire gauge . IT MEASURES NOTHING except for what this item is worth ... 0 !!! I guess the the Chicoms do n't use tire gauges -LRB- the average Chicom does not have a car -RRB- , otherwise they would know what they 're supposed to do ! There is no rubber gasket to seal the gauge . This is a design defect , since I have gone through three of these sick puppies TODAY ! Surprised anyone sells this ! It is a fancy and pretty deluxe piece of junk ! DEMAND that the company pay YOU to accept one of these ! I figure the three trips to Kragen , where I bought this piece of plastic ... at $ 34.00 an hour ... yeah !! $ 50 is fair !
 I bought two of these and they worked for about two years . The batteries went dead in both so I returned them as the warranty instructed . The UPS tracking said they arrived but I never received any guages back and this has been over three months . So consider them a disposable and do n't waste money on a return .
 This looks fine . Easy to use and all that . But it took a lick soon after I bought it and I just pitched it and went back to the old faithful rod type gauge . The light still worked so I think it more than just a battery .
 Complete garbage . Bought it a year ago when my low tire pressure light came on . Threw it in the glove compartment and forgot about it . My tire pressure light came on this morning and the gauge is dead . I do n't know if its a dead battery or if the device died . I do n't really care . If you plan on using this rarely it is not reliable . Good luck finding any information about their `` manufacturer warranty '' .
 Look elsewhere . As other reviewers have noted , the seal on the product is insufficient , so trying to get an accurate reading without losing pressure from bleed off is a challenge not worth engaging , especially when there are better gauges out there .
 this thing sucks , you should n't have to mod a product in order to make it work as it was originally intended . modding is for making things work BETTER than they were intended.the lip does n't seal securely when you push it on the tire valve stem.plus it goes thru 1 set of batteries per year , which is too often i find myself with dead batteries when i need it . i buy duracell or energizer batteries for it.there is no on/off switch . i suspect this is why it goes thru batteries more often than it really should . it probably stays on for a while and then automatically shuts itself off after a predetermined set of time.would be better if it had a real on/off switch.DO NOT BE FOOLED.the power button you see on the product is for the * weak * 10 cent LED flash light , NOT for the tire pressure gauge itself .
 Only worked for a few months and then died . Would not recommend this product . Bought one from Walmart that is still working fine . Green Slime brand or something like that .
 I purchased this from amazon a couple weeks ago , on the third tire I checked this gauge broke . The little pin in the middle of the gauge just completely fell out , rendering this useless . $ 12 down the drain . Do not buy this cheap gauge , save your money .
 gauge does not work at all . Cost and time involved to return is more than the original cost . Such is one of the shortcomings of buying online .
 I received a defective product . The LED lamp would not turn on . Thank God I bought it through Amazon.com and was able to return the product and get a refund .
 Real piece of junk . Had it in my van and was attempting to use it this past weekend at the track -LRB- big mistake -RRB- was eventually proven to be as high as 5psi off in accuracy . After rechecking against 2 other real and proper track side guages I was shocked to see how far off this guage was in terms of accuracy , especially within its own normal operating range/pressures . * This thing is actually so far off as to be considered dangerous in my opinion - Do Not Buy or use . Mine went straight in the garbage once I realize how bad iot was made . This people should be sued .
 I 'm giving this product 1 star , only bacause 0 stars are not allowed.Product worked fine ... for the first 3x I used it over a 4 month period . Then , the batteries just died ... apparently . Opening the unit reveals -LRB- 2 -RRB- 3V watch batteries . `` Perfo '' brand.I repeat ... `` Perfo '' . -LRB- Does n't even Google - try it ! -RRB- `` Perfo '' must be the Jack in the Box of watch batteries.In any event , I can either spend the $ 14 on 2 quality replacement batteries , or invest in a better product . Can you guess which way I 'm leaning . -LRB- I knew ya could -RRB-
 THis looks like a cool product but it doesnt work well . After 5 minutes of first use I switched back to the analog version that I have had for 20 years . Buy this to return it or to throw out .
 I sent off for the tire gauge on Amazon at the end of November , 2009 . It came reasonably promptly , but when I fired it up , the little light which is used to illuminate the valve stem did not work . After debating whether I should return it because the gauge itself seemed to work OK , I sent it back about December 15 . It has NEVER ARRIVED . How can one be happy if it NEVER ARRIVED ? I attempted to share this information with Amazon but was never contacted by Amazon with respect to my inquiry . How can I work it out if Amazon NEVER CONTACTS ME ??????? Accutire MS-4350B Programmable Digital Tire Gauge
 Compr&eacute; un producto de estos hace pocos meses y se da & ntilde ; &oacute; de una vez , en menos de tres meses no funcionaba a pesar del poco uso que le di . No lo recomiendo .
 I left it in the car for a few months . Completely dead . Batteries are still charged , so I 'll just throw this device out . Not recommended .
 I received the Accutire as a gift and it worked really well when I first tried it and I stowed it in my center console . When I tried to use it for the first time for real it refused to work . It was all but dead , the cute little lite worked but I was more interested in checking my tire pressure then lighting up the afternoon sky . When I brought it into the house it came back to life . My guess is that it does not like to work in the cold . There is something to be said for the tried and true manual tire gauge .
 It is extremely difficult to make a sealed , air tight connection between gauge and tire stem . What 's worse is that when it beeps -LRB- to tell you that you have a good reading -RRB- if you do n't immediately remove it , I mean a flash fast muscle twitch reaction , it resets itself and erases the reading it just took.Since I was wrestling with making the connection , my hands , the gauge and the air stem were in constant motion . I had no way to remove the gauge right at the precise beep moment.Since it costs 75 cents for 3 mins of air at most gas stations around here , I spent $ 1.50 just to top off the the inflation levels ... and I wanted a hammer to beat the gauge into the asphalt.I 've thrown it away.P.S . Some have mentioned O rings and the `` new '' version but I bought mine in October ' 08 . It was anything but new and improved . Finding and installing an O ring for this gadget is way beyond my pay grade . If you think you can do it , it 's probably a great little gizmo .
 Except the pretty display , it is a poor quality item . It is very difficult to make a right contact with the Air Valve . I do n't see how a o-ring will stay in place as recommended by certain users . It lacks a small metal stem to release air in case of over inflation . It is very annoying to look for some pin etc. , while holding this expensive guage in your hand . Even the cheapest mechnical gauges have that stem . Last but not least ... you need to hold the valve with one hand , while pushing this guage with the other . Now you got brake dust on your hand . Avoid it .
 The gauge in the original order did not have the LED working . I had a suspicion I was doing something wrong , so I opened the package and read the manual through . Nope , the suspicion turned out to be baseless . I ordered a replacement from Amazon , which came very quickly , but , alas , with the same defect . While it may not be the key feature of the gauge , I do n't think I should pay for a product if a part of its advertised functionality does not work out of the box . Besides , it raises a question about the reliability of more important things within it , whose quality can not be evaluated as easily -LRB- e.g. the pressure sensor precision -RRB- . Needless to say , I returned the replacement item as well -LRB- and got the refund - thank you , Amazon -RRB- and decided to stick with the much cheaper conventional mechanical gauge at least for now.P . S . Many people here were discussing the gasket problem here . Even though I have not taken any of the two gauges to the tire , both of them seemed to have a reasonably soft rubber gasket , so I am not sure whether any modifications would be necessary on that front .
 Got very inaccurate readings with this device . I compared it to a trusted mechanical device . Also compared to that device the accutire was cumbersome to use . Lot of hissing and taking too long to get a reading .
 I originally had an old-fashioned tire-gauage that worked well , but I thought something like this would be a whole lot easier . I was completely wrong ! I had 3 different people try it , so it was n't just me . Every time we would use it , it ended up letting out 2-3 psi from our tires . We would also compare it 's reading against the old tire gauge and the old tire gauge would give a good reading while the new one would be so off . We then took it in to a shop to get a real reading and it was again closer to the old tire guage reading.Sadly , I ca n't return the piece of junk because it would cost more in shipping than I would get as a refund . If you live in Texas close to where I am , you can have mine for like a few dollars : - -RRB-
 This product is very easy to use and the readings appear to be very accurate . However after only 10 months it started giving erroneous readings . Changing the batteries did not help so I 'm stuck with a very expensive led light . I would not recommend this tire pressure gauge .
 This unit works fine when it 's warm but will not power up when the temp drops below ~ 40 degrees . Read the reviews and you 'll see others have the same problem . If I ca n't use it when I need it it 's useless to me . I 've gone back to my mechanical gauge .
 PLEASE NOTE BEFORE BUYING THIS PRODUCT : - One of the two gauges I purchased arrived defective . The LED light on the tip of the gauge did not work . Amazon replaced the gauge for me quickly and free of charge.-BOTH of the gauges ' batteries died within months of my purchase . It cost me over $ 8 to replace the batteries.-Once again , the LED light on the tip of one of the gauges became defective and quit working within months of my purchase . The gauge was only used a few times and kept in my garage . It was never dropped and never got wet . I will now need to pay to return the gauge to the manufacturer to get a replacement under the 5 year warranty period.I needed to buy two new tire pressure gauges to replace some older digital ones that were failing . I spent quite a while looking at gauges . There seems to be quite a poor market for tire pressure gauges . This Accutire MS-4350B is actually the best gauge I could find when you consider price , design , and features . I ordered two , and with free Amazon shipping I could n't beat Amazon 's price anywhere else.When I received the gauges I immediately had to send one back because the LED light on the tip did not work . It did not seem damaged , just defective from the factory . No problems at all with Amazon 's amazing return policy.Pros : - Fits nicely in hand . Good design.-Large , well lit screen.-Quick auto on/off . - Beep tells you when reading is ready.-Reads in .5 PSI increments.-Easy to use.Cons : - Cheaply made.-Battery door -LRB- the rubber grip -RRB- is poorly fitted on both my gauges with a large gap at the top end opposite the screw . This makes the door loose.-I would n't want to use this in the rain or get it wet.-No case.-Loose fit over tire stems requires extra effort to get a reading .
 This was a very easy to use device . I checked the tire pressure with it and then with a gauge that was not digital and they had the exact same reading . Then , this gauge started not reading tire pressure anymore . I had only owned it for a month before it broke . Do n't waste your money on this product . Hopefully , technology like this will get better over time .
 This is junk . I purchased the Bell Automotive version of this gauge with the Monkey Grip label from a Kragan Auto Parts about 2 months ago and used it with two cars . It is very difficult to take a reading without leaking air ; it takes multiple attempts per tire to establish a tight seal for a reading , loosing air each time . The batteries died after 2 months of light use . Ambiguous low battery indication . Display shows `` Lo '' during a reading attempt . It 's not explained in the manual . Does it mean low pressure , a problem taking pressure reading , low battery ? Determined it means low battery . Returned it back to Kragan 's and switched to a Topeak SmartGuage , which works great on the same cars ; no leaks .
 I had heard nothing but good things about this gasket maker material in the past . I had some major engine work to do on a Dodge V8 engine swapped-in to my Jeep Wrangler earlier this year and the manufacturer of some aftermarket parts I was going to install specifically called for `` The Right Stuff '' . I have used a lot of different types of gasket makers & sealers over the years and I found this stuff to be very hard to work with . I do n't know if I got a bad/old can or whether what I got was typical , but I will never use this material again . The viscosity of this material is ridiculously high , in fact it is more like a thick & highly sticky glue . It does not spread easily or evenly . It is frankly a gloppy mess and the tooling/initial curing time is way too short for application and subsequent parts assembly in my opinion.Once in place and cured , it appears to be a robust gasket material that will likely get the job done and will probably last . That said , it is just too thick , sticky , and gloppy to deal with . There are too many cheaper and much easier to use gasket maker/sealer materials in the marketplace , so I wo n't be using this again in the future .
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 I am disappointed in that the picture looks different than the actual item . I thought I 'd be able to bolt it right on ... but because it 's not the same , I now have a big hassle . I have to decide whether to sell it locally or eat a ton on the shipping cost , all because the picture is n't accurate . I imagine the muffler is fine but it 's clearly been misrepresented .
 `` This product fits your 1994 Toyota CorollaEngine
 I had ok luck with this used on a chair that needed cleaning but was very unhappy with the results on a greasy stain on the carpet . HOST worked much better and had a better smell to it.I 'm going to stick to HOST because it gives better results all around .
 The product has a generous supply in each can . Easy to use or apply , it went on neatly and smoothly , keeping within the spray target area . No foul odor or leakage , it was great . Then , I waited the minute indicated and wiped . The stain from clean oil was still there . A very impressive product that did everything with aplomb except the ultimate task of removing an oil stain .
 ordered this product twice . both came defective as lift system stuck in the full open position and would not budge . would not recommend you order this from amazon unless you want defective lift supports that are stuck in the upright position . perhaps there is some safety mechanism at work here , but from hours spent on the internet and with the system , my research says they are defective . waste of time and money .
 I 'll start with the pros ... this net is fairly well constructed , with nice heavy duty bungees . The adjustable hooks are a pretty cool feature too.Now the cons ... this net is absolutely , completely , utterly worthless for anything small or light enough it wo n't stay in the bed on its own . I have a full-size -LRB- 8-ft -RRB- bed , and just attempted to use this net for the first time . The bed was full of large garbage bags full of trash , recyclables , etc. . Unfortunately the holes in this net are larger than a full trash bag . I added 4 bungees to the net to help cover some of the bigger holes , and was still concerned I might lose part of my load . I had to stop once to readjust , fortunately it was a fairly short drive with no speed limits over 45mph . Unless you 're holding down something very large that does n't like to move anyway , I would strongly recommend looking for a net with a much tighter pattern .
 Do n't be fooled by the picture ! This is not a Win Craft Sports Die Cast Decal . I gave it 2 stars because I probably would have kept it if the font style used was the same as the picture , but not even that is the same as whats advertised . I could have gone to the nearest mall to get one of these .
 I bought this manual so that I 'd have a guide when I went to replace my fork seals . It turns out that , on page 356 , there 's an error in the instructions for reassembling the forks . The oil stopper should go between the inner and outer tubes , not the inner tube and the cartridge . I did n't know this at the time and so , after 5 hours of work , gave up and brought the fork tubes into a service shop . In the future , I 'll make sure to take my own notes and perhaps even some pictures while working on my bike .
 When I bought this I thought I was getting alcohol , which has always worked to eliminate water issues in my tank before . Alcohol can be slightly corrosive , but the amount you get in these small bottles is nothing compared to the methonal gasoline mixes that are sold someplaces.This product claims to remove water , yet it contains no alcohol , the key chemical needed to dissolve water in the gasoline so both will burn instead of separating . It claims to contain `` jet fuel '' . Jet fuel is similar to kerosene , and does not dissolve water . I just used two bottles of this STP Water Remover in my 40 gallon boat tank , and my boat stalled , after running rough for 20 minutes . I took the fuel filter off and found about 3 oz of undissolved water in it . I would like to see a scientific study of this stuff from an objective chemist not affiliated with STP to explain and rate it 's ability to dissolve water .
 The picture is of the rear seat but the product sent to us is the front seats ! Fabric is great but did n't try to put it on b/c we do n't need the front seat covers .
 These clips are for door locks , so do n't buy this thinking that it will work for the tailgate rods . I went to try to return this and the website says it is non-refundable , so hopefully , they will change their minds . Also , you only get 1 in the pack .
 Mats sent was different from picture not worth the money , will not place a order with Coverking.Slow about returns , be careful you may not get what you pay for .
 I returned this kit because it includes parts for a wide range of vehicles , about half of which I can not use for my A3 Jetta . This was not stated in the description so I see it as false advertising . I decided to just buy the parts I need individually . Why get stuck with parts I do n't even need?The kit includes the following parts which you can look up on Prothane 's website :22 -1101 SWAY BAR 19MM22-1301 1 ADJ STRUT BUMP STOP22-202 FRT C-ARM BUSHING22-302 REAR AXLE KIT22-303 REAR AXLE KIT -LRB- These are rear axle bushing inserts -RRB- 22-702 RACK & PINON BUSHING22-902 REAR SHOCK TWR BUSH . 85 & L ; -LRB- for old cars -RRB-
 Buy this piece thinking that operates at a VW , but did not work , the opening of the piece is larger than the vehicle .
 I a forwarding these facts to B&M ; Engineering.They are responsible for this totally miserable installation scenario.I bought this pan to replace my leaking original GM tin pan on my Jeep 's TH400.I liked the appearance of this B&M ; 20280 and figured wrong , that nothing would go wrong with this one , since B&M ; has been manufacturing it for years for the legendary TH400.Hah !!! I received the pan and proceeded to drain all the fluid from my transmission.I installed the new pan exactly , according to the instructions along with the later learned , obsolete CORK gasket -LRB- CHEAP -RRB- that was also supplied.I started the engine and warmed to normal temperature.The cork pan gasket leaked more than the old pan and fluid welled up around each flange bolt.Moreover I could not shift out of park , to circulate the fluid.I again drained fluid , and dropped exhaust system then removed pan to find that the pan 's flange overlapped a notch in the case that allows the shift linkage to freely move.I had to hand fit this pan by filing a notch missed by B&M ; , buy another type of gasket and add more fluid that was lost on my once pristine floor .
 During the installation of an electric drive system for my boat , the Boss 100A circuit breaker was used for circuit protection . After the installation was completed , I discovered that the system could only be operated up to about 70 % of full speed without tripping the circuit breaker . Further testing revealed the circuit breaker opens at approximately 50 amps . The breaker is either defective or was mislabeled during manufacture . By this time the 30 day return period had passed and I have no option but to buy another part -LRB- wo n't be this brand -RRB- .
 The rust starts fast ! Also when you replace the bulb it does n't just use a quick plug-you have to connect a lead wire-what a pain !
 This product must have been old because it was never useable andwould never come out of the tube , this batch was really not good
 the right stuff is by far my favorite type or RTV-ish material . this particular can just sucks though . the tip breaks off easily and i literally had a can of it do the shooting snake and unload everything inside directly on to my work bench after apparently pressing too hard . if you 're reading this do yourself a favor and buy the caulking gun style version .
 I use a lot of thread locker and really love it but these bottles are ridiculously large for the quantity of locker that is in it . These bottles are miss leading and should be full not nearly empty on purchase .
 Pentius PAB8475 UltaFLOW Air Filter dont NOT fit a 2001 Acura CL Type-S . Web-site claims that is does but the edges of the filter are different and it wont close properly . Great price , just not for this vehicle .
 I have the same issue on this floor mat , I ordered the front but I received the back mats . I can not resolved this issue with amazon ... ship the right floor mats or refund the price difference !
 The W20TN is a set for the back seat , not the front , as shown in the photo ! It is the wrong photo . The photo does not show the actual W20 !
 Like other posters , I received the wrong matts . Not sure how this keeps happening , but it does . My advice is to look elsewhere .
 Product picture looks like front mats but back mats shipped . x x x x x x x x x x
 Watch out folks , do n't be fooled by this sellers item . This is the EXACT SAME , high set , saddle mount , single chain adaptor being sold by everyone else . The only difference here is that this sellers misleading pictures show the adaptor is a lever mount , mounted down inside the jack levers , and also shows two chains . What they send you is a saddle mount with one chain . It sits way , way too high to be useful . If that is not enough , this seller overcharged me by 10 pounds for shipping per their own shipping chart , which already includes a handling charge . After 3 e-mails and no response from the seller , I contacted Amazon . Would n't you know I get a curt , incompetent service person who does not understand what the problem is and thinks I should be responsible for not only the overcharged shipping to me , but the signature verified shipping back to the people who caused this problem in the first place . I had to have my credit card company reverse the charges .
 The seller was great but the product was to high when you put it on a floor jack to use with the truck raised 22 inches off the ground on jack stands . For the guy with a way to lift the truck easly it would work fine but for the back yard mechanic it does n't work
 The part I ordered was for my year make and model . But upon intallation the part was not 100 % correct . The freon lines were on the diagonal side as the original and the wire harness was on the inside not the outside like the original . My technician was able to make it work but it was not a direct replacement.Furthermore the compressor makes a ticking sound for the first 10-20 mins when first started like it has something wrong with it.I do not recommend this part to anyone . It is a gambel how long it will last.Overall I am disappointed . I 've spent just as much money on the installation and freon as the compressor . Just to find out it 's probably no even the right part .
 Recommend not using without a latch , the studs broke on me and caused the hood to smash my windshield at 55MPH -LRB- very scarey -RRB- .
 gasket broken when it arrived . I was lucky that I had a spare in my garage . casting is poor -LRB- holes were n't exactly the same size -RRB- this was a bit disappointing . Purchased to replace this part on 87 chevy pickup to eliminate exhaust leak . I hope this works . New design in that it has what may be known as `` heat expansion cuts '' weird but we 'll see if they work . old models are one solid piece of metal -- this has notches , very weird to look if you 're old school . * UPDATE * 12/11/2012Returned manifold to Amazon . Do an internet search before buying this manifold . I ran across several poor reviews regarding this manifold . Did not fix exhaust leak . Not sure if even when brand new one is supposed to take this piece to be machined . My understanding is that the solid piece should be straight across -- there were gaps at least 1/8th of an inch . Poor craftsmanship .
 The item came in rusted in some areas the rails where not strait and the holes had to be modified . I had to take it to another shop to fix the welds and make the seat rail straight in order to use they had to sand and scuff all the rust out that was on the rails . Do your selves a favor do not buy 3A Racing brackets or products ever , ... Had to give it it a star it would be NEGATIVE 5 STARS ...
 This product appears quite different from the Armor All products available at local retailers . The product received barely pours out of the plastic bottle and it seems to be more like a soap product than a rubber or vinyl protectant.It is questionable as to whether this advertised product has been reformulated by the manufacturer or whether it is simply a matter that a defective product was shipped.In any event , this is not the Armor All I have been using for more than twenty years and it certainly does not represent any price savings over Target or other retailers .
 You can get the exact 64oz for $ 12.99 at Walmart ! This is a rip off charging twice the price . Go to Walmartmart and get it cheaper !
 I think my dashboard looks worse after using these wipes than it did before . They always leave streaks and I have to go over it with a wet rag just to make it look presentable . I wanted to keep these in my car as a quick cleaning tool , but they never get the job done .
 There 's not enough liquid in the container , which leads to insufficient dampness of the wipes . They also dry out easy . I get the impression they 're trying to cut corners or something ? C'mon , fill er up man !
 My husband used these on the center console of his Hyundai Sante Fe and it removed the color . Now there is a huge brown spot in the gray finish . Use with caution and test an inconspicuous area first !
 all of the car armor all wipes -LRB- cleaning , protectant finish , and leather -RRB- leave my cars interior streaky and so horrible looking !!!! I use them and then wipe with a towel and it still is streaky . . I am not happy at all and will never buy an armor all product again . . HORRIBLE .
 For the price it was worth it but when I finally use it it looked like cottage cheese , thick and no shine . . Do n't purchase from this seller . . Extremely disappointed . .
 I ordered foglights for my 2000 pontiac grand prix and they wasnt what i expected . I thought they came in a set so that one foglight really does me no good .
 Was very excited when order this item - not so much when it was delivered.For one - color is not blue , it 's dirty green , not pretty.Two - it 's large and heavy , so it 's hard to find a good placement , but after spending few minutes looking for a perfect spot where you can see the thing but where it 's not going to distract you - here comes in third con : the tiny piece of double-sided sticky tape that comes with it can not hold it . As you can see from the picture , bottom is flat and there is a bit of a dent so sticky tape barely will touch the surface , and if you have a flat even surface in your car - you might have a chance of sticking it . On a grany surface it does not hold for a second , and of course being so heavy it wo n't hold in a moving car.As for the smell ... I ended up just putting freshener in a cup holder hoping to at least have my car smell nice - and no , con number four - you can only smell the fragrance when you sniff the bottle itself . So do n't waste your time and money - get the little `` tree '' instead .
 Arrived late and dried out . I ended up having to throw the wipes away b/c they were no good . What a waste of money .
 bought this guy and use it on my leather jacket and the color faded creating a cut . the leather jacket i wore was brand new less than a week old .
 Upon arrival the wipes were barely moist - not useful at all for their purpose . I dampened one anyway to test the product on my leather car interior - not impressed . Seems like a moist , damp cloth would have yielded the same results . Amazon was very good about the return .
 i have a 2012 gti with black leather interior.i have had great experience in the past with armorall wipes on a brown leather interor . however this product left streaks on my black interior . armorall gave me a refund when i complained
 This product removed the texture from my leather ! I was being very gentle with the cloth but then I noticed the area that I had &#34; cleaned &#34; did not look like the rest of the leather . BAD PRODUCT
 I used it to wipe down the back of a leather seat in a brand new car and it appears to be permanently discolored . I have no idea why or how to fix it .
 These Coverking floormats came quickly . But they do NOT have the precut holes as shown on the picture . There is no way to hold them in place , so they slip around a lot . Bad deal .
 I just received this item . The picture shows three Wire Cup Brushes in three distinctly different sizes . The description reads `` Wilmar W1214c 3 Cup Wire Brush '' . Who would have thought that you only receive one 3 '' diameter Wire Cup Brush ? Price was right so I 'm not too disappointed , but I just wanted to let others know before purchasing this what they will be receiving . Seller should change both the picture and Item Description because they are both currently deceptive .
 Purchased the `` Stant Inc 11270 Cooling System & Pressure Cap Tester Set '' and the `` Stant 12027 32mm ID Cooling System Filler Adapter '' , but am disappointed because it did n't fit on a Honda Accord . Bummer .
 Co. sent wrong item and wants me to call customer service when there open to resolve the problem . I work all day and do n't have time to explain to some idiot , they listed the wrong part number in there ad . Just figure it out yourself and send me the correct part I already paid for .
 This handle is for the sliding door , NOT the rear door . It is a nice handle and will work fine , just NOT on the rear door as indicated .
 Do n't waste your money on this product . I tried it twice -LRB- to make sure I did not make a mistake -RRB- and it did not come close to working . Elmers glue would have provided better sticking power .
 This was the second try . Perhaps I am not doing it correctly . Does anyone have ideas on how to use this product ?
 I hope M Vittelaro -LRB- MV -RRB- reads my review , as I also bought two of these . I did it correctly . I watched the video online several times , before and after the first install . I am very handy.THIS STUFF REALLY STINKS AND I HOPE I CAN GIVE IT A `` 0 '' STAR RATING . -LRB- darn , it would not let me do so , I will say it again so you can hear me , DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT , IT IS CHINESE JUNK FOR WHICH PERMATEX PROBABLY PAID 10 cents , DELIVERED TO THE U.S. -RRB- ------------- -LRB- pretend , above is triple underlined and in RED -RRB- I even scratched up the windshield the second time around with 100 grit sandpaper . I even sanded the metal button , whistle clean . I even put the mirror on for 24 hours later , both times . Both times , the mirror fell off right away . I reviewed everything I did , BOTH TIMES . I DID IT CORRECTLY . I might have well have used BUBBLEGUM for glue.This will get MV . I went to Safelite Glass , and they installed the mirror for FREE . Not only is their product better , the installer put the mirror on in a couple of minutes after application , I was able to use the mirror driving home , and weeks later , it is still there.I hope MV has n't installed his mirror yet , as MV lives about 20 minutes south of me , and , he too , can go to safelite.I guess I have to re-assess Permatex products . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Beware this is the smallest can of tire foam I have ever seen . For the price it should be a reg size can .
 Did well when first installed with GreenStuff Pads . Less than 3 years and 20K later I got a vibration in the brake peddle . Went to change the pads and the rear rotors where pealing ... Never seen it before but the metal was peeling off in chunks . Glad I looked at the first sign . It could have been bad . I do n't know how they build rotors at EBC but I have never seen anything like this .
 I ordered two of these NGK C7HSA plugs and neither will spark . I had the local auto parts store order some for me and they work OK.I would request a Return Material Authorization number but it would not be cost effective as shipping equals the value of the items.This is a first with me having any problems with products sold at / / amazon.com . The plugs were not packaged correctly and took a beating on their way to my house .
 They were incorrect for a qmb-139 engine.mmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm
 The spark plugs were the correct size ; however , they were missing the top piece that allows the plugs to better fit into the wiring harness . I had to purchase different spark plugs to obtain the necessary top pieces to fit the wiring harness .
 In the Item Fits page for these headers , it states will fit the 98 Ford Crown Victoria . Bull Crap . Mustangs ONLY . Fix your description Gibson .
 It would help tremendously to know if any of the headers have equal length tubing . Some of the sellers listing headers talk all around one of the most important feature of the part . If the headers are `` tuned '' then the tubes leading off of the flange -LRB- s -RRB- should all be the same length to faciliate scavenging action leading into the tubing collectors . No one is mentioning this important feature and I wo n't buy this product without that claim . I hope the headers shipped to customers are better looking than the ones pictured ; for the asking price I would expect better workmanship .
 This Item is being advertised by Amazon as NOS 16399S Pro Shot Stainless Steel 3/16 '' Tube Bundle - Set of 16 . What I received was 16399NOS Plain Mild Steel 3/16 Tube Bundle - Set of 16 . I did n't get any packing slip . I have ordered mild steel tubing from you twice before at a much better price . Amazon needs to remove this item that is advertised as stainless steel from their list . I 'm going to return item and try to get what I had ordered ! Mike Hafle Neosho , MO
 They were incorrect for a qmb-139 engine.mmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm mmmm
 The spark plugs were the correct size ; however , they were missing the top piece that allows the plugs to better fit into the wiring harness . I had to purchase different spark plugs to obtain the necessary top pieces to fit the wiring harness .
 I ordered two of these NGK C7HSA plugs and neither will spark . I had the local auto parts store order some for me and they work OK.I would request a Return Material Authorization number but it would not be cost effective as shipping equals the value of the items.This is a first with me having any problems with products sold at / / amazon.com . The plugs were not packaged correctly and took a beating on their way to my house .
 Do n't just leave it conected to the battery for a long time . It will boil the battery . Used on a car battery last year and had to replace the battery in the spring because the charger had boiled the battery and killed 1 of the cells . Works great . I have the 12 volt to for the lawn mower and other things . But remember not to just leave it connected and come back in 5 months . You 'll need a battery .
 I ordered the Battery Tender Plus but received the Battery Tender JR 's from CBC Manufacturing and Supply . I had to pay for the shipping to return , however Amazon made it right by giving me a store credit for the return amount . I have other Battery Tender chargers and I am happy with the product , I would give it 5 stars , but after the time wasted waiting for the wrong items and then be charged for the return shipping I was not happy . My advise is to be aware of the supplier and if you have to return it make sure to get the return shipping pre paid otherwise you may be out extra cash !!!
 bought this to make 2005 honda civic stock seat more comfortable . It only made stock seat more desireable to sit in without seat cover . ill admit the idea behind the lumbar support and the side cusions on the back and seat seamed appealing . but upon sitting in it for less than 30 mins i wanted my old seat back . it felt like it was pushing me up and out of my seat . the side cusions felt like they were rejecting you instead of engulfing you -LRB- which is what i expexted -RRB- and the same for the bottom.i felt like i was sitting on top of it instead of in it . the pleather smelled terrible -LRB- you knew it was fake -RRB- and top of it all it didnt even fit like i thought it should . the headrest area was extremly loose -LRB- like loose skin -RRB- and i tried everything to get the rest tight but the tie straps dont seem strong enough i thought they woul rip i tried so hard . so i said oh well what do you expect for 20 bucks . can u say return ?
 I purchased these Gibson performance headers on account of the advertisement description , which list the product as direct `` bolt-on '' replacement of the stock manifolds . This however , is not the case!Halfway through the installation process , I found that the driver side header -LRB- upper looping tube -RRB- did not clear or allow the steering column to rotate once reassembled . After repeat trips to a local machine shop and major alteration -LRB- heating/bending/molding -RRB- I was finally able to complete the installation . Passenger side had minimal clearance issues easily corrected by bending the wheel well outward a few inches.In closing , if you 're willing to go through all this trouble , than go for it , the gains are noticeable . And do n't make the mistake of buying the ceramic coated headers -LRB- unless you do n't mind ruining the finish -RRB- or Chrome finish that can not or should n't be altered . ed by bending the wheel well outward a few inches . In closing , if you 're willing to go through all this trouble , than go for it , the gains are noticeable . And do n't make the mistake of buying the ceramic coated headers -LRB- unless you do n't mind ruining the finish -RRB- or Chrome finish that can not or should n't be altered .
 the picture showed pockets in the front -LRB- no pockets -RRB- the cover fit the back of the seat but not the front , total waste of time all the reviews I have read are bad about this seat cover , I am having a difficult time finding a damn seat cover
 I suspect the two positive reviewers are working for the company that makes this . :-RRB- I am writing this review after spending a full hour with a hacksaw trying to do the `` simple '' process of cutting into the Toyota part to retrieve the ball joints that are missing from this product . The `` little cut '' involves putting a hacksaw through a very solid steel ball joint , while carefully trying to avoid cutting the ball itself . After an hour of swearing , and a mildly injured thumb , I managed to get one of the struts installed . I have n't got the energy to try the second one . Save yourself the hassle and get a full replacement part that includes the ball joints .
 I 'd like to order this if I knew which one I 'd get ! Price suggests the description is right , as the original price is higher than another rug like it.Fan Mats 8233 NFL Pittsburgh Steelers Starter Mat
 I bought a pair of these head lights to replace my old , weathered ones . The headlights are beautiful , would be great if they would go on the Jeep . The retainer clip for the light bulbs broke the first time I removed it to inspect the light bulbs . I used the old one from my Jeeps old headlights . When I attempted to install the headlights , I found that the 2 lower clips on each headlight were made too small . I had 1 clip on each head light shatter , and I ca n't get the other two to go on . I tried to use the ones on my Jeeps old head lights , but I ca n't get them out of the head lights and ended up breaking two ... now I have 2 sets of head lights , and none work.It 's obvious that the retaining clips and the clips used to attach the headlights were made from cheap plastic -LRB- and were n't measured to fit on a 98 Grand Cherokee -RRB- . They do come with some pretty nice replacement bulbs though . I 'm going to try to find new clips to attach these head lights as I do like them and they were cheap . Buyer beware .
 The product was just as described and , for the price you pay , the product does provide a nice beam of light . However , upon installation , you can follow all instructions about installing to a T and the plastic clips will still break . Despite my efforts to gingerly install the product knowing that others experienced the issue with the clips breaking , all but one clip broke on the headlights . I will be purchasing a better quality product to install in the near future . Spend a bit more and buy a better quality product , bottom line . .
 This was not the correct lamp for my jeep . I ended up just going to the store & spending more . Ugh not happy with this .
 The item was listed correctly when I ordered it but when it was processed it came out came out as a wrong item . I wanted the original Daskmat but got the Signature series , which is NOT what I ordered . To make this worse you do n't allow responses to your emails and that is a huge probelms when you have a problem .
 This part fits a 2004 Dodge ram 1500 . But it does NOT fit a 2004 dodge ram 2500 alrighty ok
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 Had to return it as it did not keep the battery charged and was too hot to touch . We have 8 other Battery Tenders and have been happy with performance . So believe this not typical .
 Not sure that this is a good unit . Keep having to replace brand new batteries . Have had the car checked for a battery draw by a very reputable electrical auto shop , and they think that I should n't use this . My car is a garaged car for the long rainy Pacific NW winters . I only take the car out on dry days , which sometimes are 3 months apart . The guys at the shop believe that this device is actually ruining the batteries , by &#34; Overcharging &#34; since I have smelled a very strong vinegar type smell . I thought that the Battery Tender WOULD N'T overcharge , but they say that 's what has happened , 3 times , with 3 brand new batteries . They suggested that I only put it on the car for two weeks before I plan to use the car , which is hard to do , not knowing the weather that far ahead . Disappointed , but not sure what to do about it .
 I purchased this product in February of 2011 and it seemed to work fine . It says that this model can be used as a battery charger and it will change from charge mode to float/maintenance charge mode without damaging the battery like trickle chargers . In July of 2011 it just stopped working while it was connected to my classic car battery in float/maintenance charge mode . Of course I bought this model for its 10 year warranty , but now I find out that in addition to having to pay to ship it to the company , I also have to pay $ 15.95 for them to do Warranty Evaluation , & shipping & handling fees . When you pay $ 47.00 for an item and it costs you around $ 30.00 to pay for shipping & return shipping , what is the point of the warranty ? This is supposed to be `` the best '' of battery chargers and they basically want me to pay for anything done to the unit . I am not impressed !
 After some correspondence with Odyssey Batteries -LRB- Enersys -RRB- , it ends up that the battery tenders do n't have a high enough float voltage for their batteries . This is all very confusing of late -LRB- gel cell , lead acid , dry cell , etc -RRB- . Since the float voltage is not high enough , the battery is only about 90 % charged max . I measured my BT + at 13.24 V while in float mode . Odyssey says that the float needs to be 13.5 V minimum . Here 's a quote from their service department : `` There are many great chargers that work well with most batteries on the market that do not fully charge the ODYSSEY battery so if your charger floats at less than 13.5 V then it will sulfate the battery and it will fail premature due to consistent undercharging and maintaining the battery in an undercharged condition . Most Battery Tenders float at less than 13.5 V `` So , do n't plan on using a BT + on an Odyssey battery . Now I understand why the engine was n't cranking over as I thought it should . Time to find a better charger . I wish BT would mention this in their product descriptions/website/etc to save the consumer the hassle . I did find a recommended battery chrager list on Odyssey 's website . To be fair , my other BT 's have worked great on my lead acid batteries .
 After receiving the wrong product the first time I re-ordered thru Amazon Customer service . The second order was sent the same as the first . The description needs to say that this charger is for a GELL CELL battery ... it does however state this in the fine print near the bottom of the page , finding this after the second unit was on the way . This `` GELL CELL '' feature is very important and should be clearly stated in the title description . Thanks to Amazon , they have paid for the return and credit for the 2 wrongly shipped items . By the way , the correct charger model 021-0128 works perfect !!! Thank you !
 Mine lasted about a year and a half . They probably use junk parts like everyone else does these days . After reading other reviews on the warranty , I wont even bother wasting my time .
 Although the Strongarm Products have been very good in the best , the 2 recent purchases have had disappointing results . In fall weather with temperatures in the 50 degree range they barely hold the rear hatch . They perform as if they are not completely pressurized . Once the temperature drops another 40 degrees I would suspect them to fail.Very disappointed !!!!
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 These seat release handles did not fit my 1998 Chevy S-10 even though the check window said they would work . Had to do some grinding with my dremel to make them work . Buyer Beware , this is the first Dorman product that disappointed me .
 Does n't fit or work as advertised . I may be able to drill the handles out a bit and make them work ...
 I ordered a Putco 403627 Tailgate and Rear Handle Cover and a Putco 580321 Element Tinted Window Visor set of 4 . For my 2012 Toyota Camry Se it said online that it fits my car . The part did not fit my car and had to be returned.I was then charged over Seven dollars to return the item . I do not feel that its fair to be charged for a mistake thats not minds and both items are still online for someone with the same car I have to order the parts and be charged to return it . Its just not fair .
 Bought this as Christmas gift for my daughter-in-laws new Camry 4 door . When the package was opened , we found that the rear units were about 3 &#34; too short , and also the wrong contour for the rear door windows.The listing clearly states that these would work on her car.The following was copied & pasted from Amazon 's item description : &#34; This product fits your 2012 Toyota CamryTrim
 The web page has a &#34; Be sure it fit 's &#34; pull-down , where I entered the Make , model , and sub model information to &#34; Be sure it fit &#34; ... It did not fit !! Mistakes happen . So , how come they do n't return your $ $ $ -LRB- After receiving the returned item -RRB- to your payment method account as quckly as the snatch your $ $ $ .
 I purchased and received the Putco 580321 Element Tinted Window Visor set of 4 for my 2012 Toyota Camry SE . This Merchant indicated said that it fits my car and it did not . In Fact my spouse has a 2009 Toyota Corolla S and and the front and rear vents aligned perfectly with the 2009 Toyota Corolla S . This merchant needs to update their Database and advertising as they are not selling or shipping the items that consumers are ordering . I also understand that this vendor is also penalizing `` Amazon Customers '' for their mistakes by charging a fee.If this is true , Amazon should terminate their business relationship because they are charging `` Amazon Customers '' a fee for their mistakes . This also puts Amazon at risk of losing future customers who are here shopping for the first time , or may make return customers reluctant to order from third parties , unless distributed and sold by Amazon ... keep in mind I am not the first consumer who received the wrong item due to seller/merchant errorI will update this post to inform consumers of my outcome . .
 I was not able to get one flare out of this product ; the main shaft bend and the 3/16 mandrel broke off on the first attempt ; I am always very careful with my tools ; I purchased the OTC ISO Bubble flaring tool - works perfect and is recommended.Amazon 's return process is awesome .
 i bought this kit becuase the OEM brand tool i bought from autozone broke in half . the clamp broke.ussually i am very impressed with OTC 's tools and i do own many of them . but this one is not that great.the first flare i went to make the swivel on the screw started to bend and was instantly ruined/warped making it impossible to make a clean , usable , double flare . also it was not easy to use at all as it does not have a bolt head on it but rather it has the little puny sliding metal bar . i would much rather use a socket and wrench than my hand.so needless to say i have a full kit by using the autozone yoke/swivel and the otc clamp and fittings . all fit inside the otc case so i am happy to at least have a full kit . but the price i payed for this kit and the other kit i could have just invested in a snap-on or craftsman kit.very dissapointed . only given two stars becuase the case is nice and i was able to complete the kit with the pieces from the other broken kit.my reccomendation
 after doing half the lines for my 72 Chevelle it became apparent that shaft that goes into the line on the smallest die used for the first step in the procedure was too small in diameter allowing the flare to occationally be slightly offset . i went to the local auto-zone and purchased a similar kit for 37 bucks and finished the velle and have now done a truck with that kit . I 'll try to get some of my money back by selling this one off , sans the smallest die .
 I did n't have a whole lot of trouble learning how to use this , and I did n't have any issues with how it formed flairs.I did end up breaking the cone just as I was finishing the last -LRB- 4th -RRB- flair.For the money I 'd do it again , but this is a disposable project tool , do n't expect it to live in your toolbox forever .
 I ordered two of these . The first one broke as I tightened it up . Two of the tangs on the part that screws in broke off , and the screwed in part cocked relative to the axis of the main casting . I could feel the resistance drop like a stripped thread when this happened . The screwed in part was not fully seated yet . So I tried again with my second item , and the same thing happened . I was using the correct gauge wire -LRB- 2 gauge -RRB- for these parts . Either the quality control or the design is lacking . They looked great online , but they are now in the garbage , and a different type of terminal end is on it 's way to my house .
 According to your information in your chart , I purchased an accumulator for a 1985 Chevy El Camino . What you sent was the wrong accumulator . I bought one locally from Advanced Auto Parts for $ 20 less than you charged.I also purchased 30 pounds of 134R -LRB- freon -RRB- from you for $ 299 . Could have bought it from Advanced Auto Parts for $ 250 . I also bought an A/C air compressor from you which came with the wrong pulleys on it and took all day -LRB- and lots of cussing -RRB- getting the one I took off the old compressor installed on yours.All these parts were available right here , no waiting , cheaper !! I wo n't order any more car parts from Amazon .
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 The switch arrived in a timely manner , but it did not matter as it was a piece of excrement . Across the terminals I got 78 ohms the mounting nut was of an off size and the switch broke after cycling about 20 times trying to get a good switch contact . Do n't ever buy from these guys you will get the very cheapest Chinese engineering !
 I was very excited to receive this product , unfortunately the left bank did not function at all -LRB- no LEDs , no charge -RRB- . I tried all different combinations between two different batteries and could only get the right side to function properly . As others have noted this product is made in China , not sure if that has any impact on quality or not.I went to the manufacturer website before I purchased , and watched video links from their site and was immediately sold on the product . Unfortunately , I had to return it for refund . I do n't have a shortage of outlets so I think I am going to try the Battery Companion by Schumacher -LRB- it only works for one battery , but I can get it local for $ 26.99 from Autozone -RRB- . To recap , it seemed like a solid product , I just rec 'd a defective unit . If I had limited electrical outlets I would have given it another shot , plus you ca n't beat the 10 year warranty .
 I opened the box after Christmas . The second I plugged in this unit it went up in a Flash and a lot of Smoke . I am having a hard time getting through to Amazon for help in the exchange.Battery Tender 022-0165-DL-WH 12-Volt 2-Bank Battery Management System
 Have been using Battery Tenders for years , I currenty have two single units and recieved the 2 bank Battery Management System last Christmas , It worked great when I used it until spring , however went to use today and only one side works . Like I said a little surprised . Now I can see how the waranty is as it 's less than a year old .
 I decided since I have more than one motorcycle to maintain the battery on in the winter I would purchase the 2 bank Battery Tender . It worked pretty good for about a year and a half before the left bank quit working . I contacted Deltran who told me to ship the unit back to them on my nickel and they would look at it and repair what went wrong then ship it back to me for $ 15 . I kick myself in the back side for even wasting my money on this unit , I should have bought 2 separate units and would have been money ahead . Let the buyer beware !
 This is the only manufacture that I could fine for just two outputs . Dam thing is after loosing this I still bought two more . Now if it goes out again in 16 months I 'm going to raise hell with manufacture .
 Beware buying this charger . They break down easily . Customer service is no help at all . Repair is expensive . I bought 2 and neither worked properly when I received them . If they worked correctly , it would be a wonderful product . I have other chargers from Deltran that work great , this one however ...
 This does not fit an Audi 2004 S4 as it says . Found this out too late to return it.Amazon 's `` make sure it fits '' search does n't match Beck/Arnley 's website , which says 041-8194 is the correct filter .
 received this item and while there are extras parts of some items there were two important items missing in the package . I do not have item # 45 secondary bowl gasket and item # 34 fuel bowl screw gasket . Buyer beware of missing items .
 I just bought the universal starter switch and also found that the momentary STARTER position does not workproperly . sounds like a manufacturing defect since someone else has complained previously.Tractor Supply had no more in stock.Do not buy model 85946 in purple blister pack that says its a universal starter switch .
 This switch was defective with no starter function . Really no reason to have a problem with something so common and simple .
 Another Case of an `` updated '' or change of design product and the picture is NOT CHANGED ! WRONG PICTURE ! Apparently , the item number is updated to a different style . Why they keep the same number for a totally different design is just wrong . The one I received has big RED letters on the mat saying RAM . I do n't own a Dodge RAM ! I do n't want one that says RAM . I expect exactly AS PICTURED . It would be nice to receive an item as pictured ! This is the problem with buying online and dealing with customer service that has no clue . Who knows what item you will receive if you buy this ? Customer service from the Philippines obviously could not tell me if I could get the one that is pictured . So I am not taking the chance . Returned the item . Now my search starts for the item as pictured on other sites . I noticed in many local stores the Dodge items only have the items with the word RAM on everything . This excludes all other dodge vehicle owners from purchasing items like this . Chevy has just Chevy Logo , Ford has Ford Logo , Not Dodge ! It has to say RAM now ! Offer a design that covers all models and make a different item number . I 'm contacting Plasticolor to complain for sure .
 this product was not what i expected at all.theur is no trimming to fit.nothing i can do to make it fit . it looks terrible , but at least i can keep the muddy feet off my carpet .
 I wanted a quality tire pressure gauge , so I purchased the Moroso 89560 for its supposed accuracy and consistency . The gauge , however , was a huge disappointment . Upon putting the new gauge through its paces , I found the device to produce inconsistent readings.Here is an example
 Though I do n't own this gauge , I was considering it and had a concern about the warranty coverage -- a topic no one else here considered and only one person even alluded to . One reviewer wrote that he dropped his gauge after just a few uses and a part inside broke . He was told that it was not fixable and he was just out of luck -LRB- and about $ 40 -RRB- . So I wrote the company to inquire about the warranty.This is what they wrote back
 The picture on the Amazon leads you to believe that this is `` MADE IN USA '' and of high quality components.What a load of crack . Even on the back of the box , IT has `` MADE IN USA '' in a small print.Upon open it , it reads `` MADE IN BRAZIL '' in a sticker on the actual product , the plastic feels extremely cheap and the reading gauge is printed with ink that looks weak and cheap . There 's a 2mm gap from the housing and the face plate -LRB- half side exposed -RRB- . Lied and Betrayed by Morose , you 've been warned . NEVER again I will buy a product from them again . Perhaps the earlier reviews were for the real `` made in USA '' products .
 I bought 2 of these . Mine was not accurate . Returned it and got another not accurate . The one I gave for a gift , same thing , , not accurate . Amazon would not let me return for full credit .
 piece of junk . I put on the rubber protection piece -LRB- ordered separately -RRB- and the inside of the gauge bent . the part inside that bent is for reading the pressure . made from very thin sheet metal . plastic cap is suspect also . for 50 bucks -LRB- with gauge and cover protector -RRB- I thought this had to be a decent but it is a piece of junk . not well made .
 I bought this gage solely because I wanted high accuracy and reliability.After receiving the item , I was n't happy with how bulky it is - but I was fine with that if it was at least accurate.At first , the gage was fine -LRB- it indicated my other cheaper gages were off by 2 psi -RRB- . After a few weeks , though , the gage stopped returning to 0 psi -LRB- stuck at 5 psi -RRB- . Consequently , all my readings became suspect -LRB- since they now indicated my cheaper gages were off by 7 psi -RRB- and I stopped using it . My cheaper gages may be off by 2 psi but hey , at least they still work.This is supposed to be a high quality product and hand calibrated , etc. . But it 's also a waste of money in my case.Note
 I purchased this tire pressure gaugeMoroso 89560 Tire Pressure Gauge , Dial Type , 0-60 psito accurately set the pressure of my tires . It worked great for the few times I used it . However , it 's not as ruggedized as it looks . During one tire pressure check , I moved from the front wheel to the rear wheel , and accidentally dropped the gauge from 2 or 3 feet above ground . I even had aMoroso 89590 Tire Pressure Gauge Coveron . It did n't help at all , just added weight and impact to the drop . The gauge broke and became unusable . I opened the gauge head up , and saw a tiny white plastic part was broken . The part where it book was about literally 1/10 of an inch thick . I could see how easy it can break as the slightest impact . One little drop and there went my $ 60 investment . I used it for less than 6 times . I called the manufacturer Moroso , and they told me that they do n't have that tiny plastic part available , nor the head is serviceable . So be careful of your investment . I would n't buy it again , ever .
 really difficult to use because the air line is too stiff . The tool is very accurate , just difficult to use .
 The Moroso 89560 Tire Pressure Gauge lasted almost one year from the date of purchase . Over a number of months I began getting different tire pressure readings each time I checked , often one right after another . I can not in good conscience recommend the purchase of this gauge due to the fluctuations in readings . I discovered that the Moroso Gauge was consistantly off by 2-3 pounds . I have ordered a liquid filled tire pressure gauge from Longacre . It is supposed to be very accurate . -LSB- Moroso 89560 Tire Pressure Gauge , Dial Type , 0-60 psi -RSB- -RSB- .
 We purchased this guage a couple of months ago and have had trouble with it since . After trying to get it to work properly today I got so frustrated I threw it in the garbage . The nipple was very difficult to seal against the valve stem -LRB- and kept letting air out -RRB- and the readings would fluctuate + / -2 lbs . of pressure . I went back to using my $ 5 stick type guage .
 I have tried this repeatedly and frankly I ca n't see how people like this piece of crap . The first thing out of the box I find that the chuck WILL NOT properly seat on the stem , and allows a lot of air to come out . It does n't matter how many times you try , or how careful and determined you are . It simply will NOT seat with a great deal of force . By the time you 've pressed hard enough for the air to stop leaking , a lot of it has.I do n't care how accurate it is -LRB- or is n't -RRB- . If the chuck is such a piece of crap , it renders the whole thing USELESS . I also have a $ 9 Slime digital , and it has no problem seating the first time with half the force.The only good thing is the chuck is attached with a nut and can be easily removed to put on a better one . But for $ 38 # $ % ^ & dollars it should 've come with one that worked !!
 The build quality on this is very poor . The cover for the gauge is cheap plastic and comes right off , the housing is very thin metal . I returned it .
 Robust valve stem connector and hose attached to a very flimsy gauge . Gauge `` glass '' -LRB- cheap plastic -RRB- either arrived already cracked or cracked while I installed the rubber gauge cover -LRB- WAY too tight and hard to install -RRB- . Had great hopes for this product based on a review from `` Car and Driver . '' Very disappointed and returned it for a refund from the seller -LRB- Amazon -RRB- .
 This product was terrible for jewelry ! It has silicone in it so that it `` protects '' the metal that you are polishing . However , it did n't clean off the tarnish and then left the silicone as a protectant that kept the tarnish from coming off ! I could feel the silicone all day on the jewelry which felt like lotion that you ca n't get off . I would not recommend this for polishing jewelry and I would stick to Wright 's Silver Cream which works amazingly !
 I used it on my aluminum and silver ware and this product had a strong smell and did not work well with either .
 The product did work well on brass bathroom fixtures I followed instructions and as dull as prior to application . I ca n't speak for other metals .
 this produnt is honest it says keep clear of eyes and breathing it in . it smells strong -LSB- the ammonia -RSB- and toxic . i suggest rubber gloves as well . it cleans metal does leave a silicone covering it just does n't polish all that great . over all you can get a polish and smooth shine but its not safe to handle . there are a lot of metal polish out there and this one does n't meet top standards . my suggestion is avoid this polish . i 'm going to use it on my muffler just to get rid of it .
 I purchased Mickey Thompson cast aluminum wheels for my truck about six months ago and neglected to polish them . I finally took a close look and realized I had some serious pitting and oxidation stains so I started polishing with ` Blue Magic - Metal polish cream ' . I spent an hour for one wheel ! It was messy as hell , my hands were covered with black gunk from the polish and I could hardly move my hands any more . Magic my A ** ! My neighbors were even starting to laugh at me because I was out there so long . I finally got so aggravated that I gave up and looked for something better and picked up ` Mothers - Mag & Aluminum Polish ' . Wow , what a difference !! What took me more than an hour to clean before , now took less than 15 . I even went back to the spots I could not get before and cleaned it up with ` Mothers ' .
 Ordered a pretty expensive heater control nob . I used the parts selector car specific . It was not the right part . Very frustrating .
 I have ordered many items from ZAN in the past and have been satisfied with their products , however this item is not up to their usual standards . The product is poorly made and really not worthy of the ZANheadgear name . I was them by hand , and the stitching still unravels .
 This nicely constructed connector is not appropriate for general use with the Kintrex SPC0601 . The red lead of this connector will actually be hooked up to the negative contact on the charger . While it is possible to switch the battery connections it is not something for the uninitiated .
 I bought this so I could hook it to the quick disconnect on my Sunforce 50022 5-watt solar battery trickle charger for our generator . I wanted to have the ring terminals to hook onto my 12 volt generator battery rather than having to use the alligator clips that came with the Solar panel . I wanted to be sure it was charging , so decided to check it out with my voltmeter . I read minus -LRB- negative -RRB- volts . Then I read a review someone did on the solar battery trickle charger that warned the Battery Tender 2-pin quick disconnect was wired wrong to work with this solar charger , even though it is listed as an item that is recommended to buy with the solar charger . The solar charger has a negative male on the disconnect plug , so it needs a negative female on the Battery Tender to plug into . However , the Battery Tender 2-pin quick disconnect plug is wired up with a positive female , so instead of charging the battery when they are connected , it actually drains it . We took this Battery Tender quick disconnect off our generator battery and instead used the alligators clips that came with the solar panel trickle charger , and it is charging perfectly now . I gave it a one star because it did not work with the item it was recommended for .
 This item actually comes with the Battery Tender Jr. . I purchased . Since I did n't need two it would have been nice if the item description said this was an extra for use on an additional vehicle . I gave it to my son in law who also bought the Battery Tender Jr. and has two ATV 's - so he needed the extra . Do n't buy this if you purchase the Battery Tender product and only have need of one set of cables for a single vehicle .
 I bought 2 of these battery leads to hook up to a Kintrex solar charger . The connectors are polarity sensitive so you ca n't do anything wrong . After turning the system on nothing happened . Trouble shooting the wires I found that the battery lead rings that connect to the battery are reversed wired . Both wire leads were the same that I bought . Fortunately nothing was destroyed with the faulty wiring but just a headsup to the next person who wires these parts .
 I order 3 of these to hook to a float charger to keep the battery on my lawn mowers charged . They seemed to be of good quality , reasonable price and were shipped out quickly as expected . 2 worked fine . One did n't . I switched the fuse out and still did n't work , switched the cable and the new one worked on the same mower . Switch bad cable to mower that had one working already and it did n't work . Price was good but it wasted my time and I will still need to get a third one . I would order someone else next time .
 Works well on a mustang ... not so well on a chevy tahoe . Too short and fitting too small to get over accessory terminal on a tahoe .
 i cant really review this item because i thaght i was gitting the picture shown and that was not the case ...
 The Omix-Ada 12302.04 Cowl Rubber Seal is thin , flimsy and cheaply made . Have a 92 jeep Wrangler it didnt seal correctly still leaks only in a different areas , not thick enough in the front to seal correctly . I would not recomend this particular brand of seal , your wasting your money.Joe B
 I have ordered this one for my Honda Accord 2005 EX -LRB- V6 -RRB- . According to the fit information this one fit to mine.Even if I have ordered this one earlier , I have kept in my garage until I really needed it.This afternoon , I tried to replace the brake pads , but when I open the box , I found this one does not fit to my Honda Accord.As it expired the return window , I have no choice but keep in my garage until I purchase new car compatible with this one.Please triple check the part ID before you place the order.Amazon garage information is incorrect at least for this one .
 Thought it was the kind that you can use a locking pin , but it is n't . You should show the back of the item .
 I was very disappointed in this product . It got mangled the first time through the car wash .
 The instructions do not tell you how to mount the guard -- wheather to use double sided tape , velcro , or screws . The instructions say to look at the guard for the installation for a letter to indicate which instructions to follow - but the letter is not present on the mounting flange.So I am stuck with no instructions , two screws -LRB- which require mounting clips according to instructions -- if you are supposed to use screws and not tape or velcro -RRB- , but no mounting clips . Are you confused?Don ' t buy anything from this company .
 I ordered these with great anticipation along with Centric rotors . -LSB- Very nice rotors by the way -RSB- . Had a problem with the order and called in . Excellent service but just one problem : THESE FIT THE REAR!I searched for FRONT pads . These came up on the search . I double checked fitment with my car . Fit confirmed . But look at this title : `` Akebono ACT613 ProACT Ultra-Premium Ceramic Brake Pad Set `` Now read Description : '' Ultimate upgrade for OE semi-metallic , organic and low-metallic brake padsUltra-Quiet - controls noise , vibration and harshness levelsSuperior initial effectiveness with no required break-in periodExtremely rotor friendly for longer rotor lifeVehicle optimized ceramic formula for superior performance `` Now read Product Details `` Shipping Weight
 The vendor provided two substitute batteries for the two MK GEL CELLs that I ordered . The batteries that I received appear to be working as advertised . I would have perfered to receive exactly what was advertised and what I ordered .
 how can anyone list a high amp hour battery without its amp hour rating ? the three most important details on a battery are voltage , amperage , dimensions in that order .
 Why bother wasting people 's time listing products that do not have a picture of what is included , nor a written description of the items ?
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I purchased the recon Line of Fire 60 '' tailgate lightbar for my 2006 Lincoln Mark LT. Ford/Lincoln trucks have a small shaft that keeps the tailgate from crashing down when opening and requires that the lightbar be modified to fit . This required alittle work , but I was able to install . The 3M backed mounting strips are Mickey Mouse on this unit and are questionable if they will remain intact . I would suggest adding additonal tape or using screws when mounting . As for the lights they are as advertised , bright , BUT , when the turn signals are on not all the flashing lights flash with the same brightness thus looking cheap and Mickey Mouse . ALso when the brake lights are illuminated some lights appear more bright than others . I would not recomment this lightbar and would definately not buy this again . I would go with the Plasmaglow .
 When I received the product it was defective and now I ca n't get my money back for 3 weeks ...
 Title description says this is a 60 '' lightbar but the product description says length is 49 '' and 60 '' is available under a different part number . The Recon website says # 26411 is 60 '' version . Very confusing and stops me from ordering from this page .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 The Product Description states ' ... inserts into any standard size bucket ... ' , however the Grit Guards I received did not fit the ` standard 5 gallon buckets ' I purchased from my local hardware store . The Grit Guards , at nearly 10.5 inches in diameter at the top of the guard would only insert about halfway down into the bucket . Looking at the Home Depot web site , their standard orange 5 gallon pail states
 It does n't really work as advertised because the sediments just do n't settle to the bottom of the bucket fast enough while you are actively washing your car . When you try to reuse the soapy water at a later date , it is true that the grime is in the bottom of the bucket , but as soon as you disturb the water by using it , the grime rises from the Grit Guard and circulates throughout the bucket . Also , the Grit Guard is so tall that you end up filling the bucket with twice the amount of water . I went back to the two buckets method , oh well , at least I gave it a try .
 overpriced for what you get . Grit guard does not go to bottom of bucket despite getting designated bucket for item ; guard does not go to bottom of bucket and therefore requires you to use more water and soap . Do not waste your money .
 Product description does not contain the size of the item , nor does it state that this only fits 5 gallon buckets . If you have anything smaller than a 5 gallon bucket , this size will not fit .
 First the good
 The floor mats do n't have the holes in them to hook onto - misleading man , misleading ... go somewhere else to buy your mats .
 This product is hazardous . The way how it is supposed to be attached to the factory pedals is not secure at all and if you have to press the brakes hard it becomes loose and even falls off . Would not recommended at all . Gear knob is the only nice thing about it , the rest is worthless . I will return it.Pilot Motorsports PM-261 Satin Finish Manual Transmission Combo Kit
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 $ 5 bucks for this junk ! I thought it is a sturdy large funnel but it is not ! Sturdy , yes . Big , no !! Opening is NOT 4 inches . Barely 2 inches or so . This size and quality I saw at Autozone the other day for $ 1.49 !
 The size measurements provided are a bit disingenuous . The funnel is 10 '' long but the section that comprises the tubular section is only 6 '' long . It states that the funnel is 4 '' x 4 '' but in reality the opening for the funnel is 2-1/4 '' in diameter at the widest point.It would work to put a quart container of a liquid into something but for any larger container it is going to be worthless .
 This item was disappointingly small . I know that I assumed and what that means , but I think that they should have had a small side note on the description that this would be best used on a Vespa . However , I will use it for small liquids .
 a lot smaller than it looks cheaply made only good for very small jobs a a a a aa a
 Looks like your typical funnel that you would use for outside equipment got it and it about 6 &#34; long . Gave to the wife for the kitchen .
 I ordered two , thinking it was a great design . The idea is great , but somewhere this went really WRONG ! I ca n't tell if a made in China issue or if the design is just that poor . The force required to turn these two was just crazy , they would n't stay on the bottle . I sprayed one with Silicone as that will usually do the trick with a plastic on plastic part . No luck ! Hopkins needs to find the source of the problem and fix it or just not sell this model at all . It 's total JUNK and I ca n't rate it lower than 1 star .
 I bought this thinking it would be a nice way of adding oil to my airplane that would avoid making a mess and would be easier than a funnel . However , when I received it and start playing around to see how `` easy '' it would to be use , it was actually not that easy to turn the flow valve mechanism . I even tried gripping with a pliers and working back and forth a while thinking it would losen up from being new , but no such luck . I figured once I got oil on it making it more slippery it would become even more of a challenge which is why I just returned it.I gave it 2 stars rather one because I suppose it will probably work , but I just did n't like the design so I did n't try it .
 Ok pan , but it needs to be built out of better materials ... . used only twice and the one corner is allready cracked about 3 inches long ... would look for a better product . Lisle use to make these much better . The first one i got years ago , is still in service after 15 years
 At the beginning it worked , then suddenly it stopped . I do n't have the box anymore and adress to send it back . That is the reason that I did not like the product
 I have n't had an opportunity to try the device yet . THe pump works and the light works . It is very loud though and pretty flimsy looking case .
 `` Please `` do not waste your money.I have purchased -LRB- 2 -RRB- of these RP3200 in the pass year they work very good for a short time . but then they don `` t work at all !
 This so-called inflator is a waste of money . I unfortunately did not test the thing until it was too late to return it . This item is noisy , barely produces a puff of air , and amounts to a poor quality $ 22.00 flashlight . The unit I received could not , even after 10 minutes of noise , inflate a small pool toy .
 `` What 's in the BoxRP3200 Cordless Inflator '' `` Conveniently operates from your car 's 12-volt outlet '' `` Plugs into standard 12-volt lighter outlets , making quick work of a variety of inflation jobs . `` Is this a cordless inflator or not ? In one place it says it is and in other places , it says it needs to be plugged into a 12-volt outlet . If it has to be plugged in , it does n't say how long the cord it . I have a similar model and I ca n't reach my trailer tires when it 's attached to my car or when it 's stored in the trailer park , because there are two trailers stored right next to it , making the trailer tires too far away from my car.I have a trailer attached to my car and when I inflate my trailer wheels , I need to use a cordless inflator or an inflator with a 12 foot cord . I bought one model of this inflator from the same manufacturer and the cord was too short.Reading the description , I have no idea if this product is for me .
 Twice of use and already this defective one so that the needle as crazy and does not work . I do not recommend it . What I do with this ?
 Besides the fact that the product was defective , I would have wanted to know that the only power source for this unit is by plugging into your car . Instructions were useless .
 I tried to blow up a huge mining dump truck tire with this thing , it took me 2 weeks to do it . Very slow . I even left it on during the night .
 The description of this product is not accurate . It is states that `` One 12-volt , 300 psi inflator with worklight that 's ideal for roadside emergencies '' and I hoped to get 300 psi inflator . In reality it is 150 psi inflator .
 Wish I would have paid more attention to reviews . Once I attached inflator to the tire valve , almost pulled out the valve trying to get the inflator off.Looks like it could be a good product if this issue were fixed . Purchased a Slime inflator and can easily attach and detach from valve.I expected better from Campbell Hausfeld .
 I bought this in November 2011 in case of an emergency . I did n't try it right away , and given Amazon 's 30 day return policy , shame on me . So now , in February 2012 , I needed it and used it . First off , the reviews posted here about how difficult it is to disengage the tire clamp is true . It takes way too much strength to pull the thing off , after which you 've lost a pound or two of air pressure . But more importantly , this thing just stopped dead in its tracks after checking and filling seven tires . Yep , could n't even get through all tires on the second car . It just stopped . Given Amazon 's return policy after 60 days , the shipping will cost as much as getting any return , and I do n't want to exchange it for another piece of junk . LOOK ELSEWHERE for something more durable . I 'm guessing you get what you pay for in this category of mechanical contraptions .
 The adaptor that is supposed to attach the hose to the tire valve is difficult to get into proper position & almost impossible to remove without releasing much air from the tire as the rubber seal is poorly made.But worst - the connector does n't grip the valve tight enough to allow it to be inflated since pushing down the lever to lock the connector in place causes it to lift on one side , breaking the seal.I 've used these types of device often and know how to work the lock - this one is just crap . Cheaply made from folded metal rather than a casting . Silicon rubber in place of proper rubber seals . Crap.I may return the item . I may invalidate my warranty by fitting it with the hose off my old compressor that gave years of great service but stripped a gear just before Christmas , just to see if it can inflate a tire when given a fighting chance -LRB- I 'm not sanguine - the `` stroke '' sounded very short -RRB- . Even if the compressor were working the cable/hose storage compartment is hopelessly undersized and cramped , making each deployment of the wretched thing a struggle.Do not buy this worthless device . You will be sorry . -LSB- EDIT -RSB- I recently bought aViair 00088 88P Portable Air Compressorfor just a little more than twice what this useless thing cost , and it is a vastly better made machine that works , works well and works relatively quietly . You have to clip it to your battery rather than plug it in your cigar lighter , but offsetting that is that it works . Do yourself a favor and look at this before you make a mistake . -LSB- / EDIT -RSB-
 The details given in the product listing claim 300psi output ... the product user guide that came with the product specs only 140psi ! Watch out !
 I bought this in late July , and although slow to fill car tires , it got the job done . I liked being able to set the desired pressure and not have to hover over it watching the PSI . However the unit died on me less than 2.5 months later about the 6th time I used it . Neither compressor or light will now come on . Looking into whether it is even worth the time and expense to send it in under the one year warrant , ugh !
 It worked great for the price for a short time , but soon stopped working . I only used it a few times to maintain the tire pressure on my pickup , no heavy use . Amazon 's return policy was flawless though !
 Works okay , but delivers very weak pulses of air . It takes forever to pump up pool toys ; I would n't even attempt to pump my truck tires .
 Got this in hopes that it would inflate our air mattress we use while camping . We 've used a four D-cell battery pump in the past to get it somewhat inflated , then lung power for the rest . Wanted to get further along the process before going to lungs , with a more reliable power source . Unfortunately , this product would n't inflate the mattress at all . It was not powerful enough to push through the one way valve .
 This product is totally a piece of junk . The automatic shut-off does n't work at all , and can become dangerous if you do n't pay attention and just wait for the valve to shut itself !
 Worked ok for about 20 times . Now it stopped working . I would love it to be replaced . Anyone know how ? It was very noisy and jumped around . I would prefer on that plugs into the wall and not into the car cigarette lighter .
 I purchased this item for its small size to carry in the car . The second time i used it it broke . Both times i was using it to fill a lawnmower tire . The tires max air pressure was only 10 pounds . Its a nice concept but if you want something to last its probably best to purchase a compressor a bit more substantial .
 I got the compressor and decided to give it a try before I put it in my trunk . I turned on the car engine to make sure there is enough power , connected the 12V plug and first tested the flashlight feature , works great . I then went and connected the compressor to one of my tires . First thing I noticed was that the reading on the compressor was off , it showed 28 psi on a tire for which a simple pressure gauge showed 36 . Not a big deal I guess , it 's a compressor not a gauge . The real problem was that the compressor never worked , turned it on and off a few times , played with the shut-off knob , but nothing complete silence . This unit is heading back to Amazon ... maybe it 's great when it works.On another note , the unit has a compartment for the power and air cables . It 's extremely tight and pretty much once you take those cables out and stretch them it 's almost impossible to get them back in there , would make sense to make the unit a bit bigger for easier storage .
 I had this unit for just over a month and only used a couple times with no problems . Then recently tried to inflate a bike tire , which it is capable of doing , and when connected to valve stem it stops . Runs when disconnected from stem so something shutting it done when trying to put air in a tire . No good and very frustrating for a new product that recieved such good review . Two thumbs down .
 The reason a person buys a product like this is to have the ability to pull it out of your trunk when you see a low tire and inflate it . The third time I tried to use it , it failed . I tested it on different cars , to see if it was a problem with the car 's electrical power . It was n't . I tried it on differenet tires with different valve-stems -- still would n't work.AMAZON should not be selling CRAP like this and then after 30 days sticking customers with a defect / non-functioning product .
 The connection to the tire valve does n't fit . It is cheaply made . We want our money back . We would give it 0 stars but this site thinks we have n't rated it .
 I should have known better , but I purchased this with points so that we 'd have an inexpensive , portable inflator . After using it only 3 times over a month and a half , the compressor no longer works . I used it twice to pump up a car tire , and my wife used it to pump two bicycle tires . It worked fine on the first but died on the second . The light still works but no compressor . Why ca n't anything last ? Very disappointed .
 Own this for slightly more than a year and it just decided to die on me . I hardly use it and is normally use to pump up bikes for my family . Stay away from this item .
 This seems to be a decent product with one huge exception . Removing the hose from the tire after inflating it is near impossible . Being determined , I pulled and wiggled and pulled some more as more and more of the just pumped air escaped and the skin on my fingers nearly shredded . I thought I could outsmart it and got some pliers and pulled it off and squirted some teflon spray on the rubber seal thinking next time it would surely slide right off with a reasonable tug but , no , it still ca n't be removed without the pliers which I 'm afraid will squeeze and damage the hose end after a few uses . Does anyone know if it 's possible to get a higher quality hose replacement or do I have to return this thing and start the hunt all over ?
 I do not write reviews much , really only if I like something a whole lot , or if I want to warn people about something . Sadly , the latter is the case in this review . This item was only used 3 times all year , and then less than 1 month out of warranty it breaks completely down . I bought it of course to inflate my tire if it had a slow leak , just like keeping my pressure at the right level for each season . I tried to just give one tire a bit of air - just the 4th time using it - and no compressor / motor . Completely burned out . It may have been run during the 3 uses for a total of 10 to 15 minutes . So if you want a unit that will last just past the warranty time , and then die - even though you only used it for a total of 10-15 minutes , then this item is for you . Otherwise , save your money because this item will NOT be there for you when you need it .
 6 months later and this ca n't even generate enough pressure to inflate a soccer ball , let alone car tires . Do n't waste your money . Spend a little more and get a decent inflator .
 I have n't tried this on a actual car tire so I ca n't comment on that . But I purchased this as a portable inflator for pool toys at the beach . Well 20 minutes later and my child 's small pool toy was still only 1/2 filled . I was able to blow up the second by mouth before the compressor finished the first . Also I purchased an wall outlet adapter for use with this compressor but it would n't work . The light would work but the compressor just made a buzzing noise . It may fill a car tire in about 4 hours : - -LRB-
 Item description say up to 120 psi pressure . Unit shuts off if i put my thumb over it while it 's on after around 35 psi . I put it in my tire with a pressure of 40psi and it shuts off . This unless you 're using for standard 32-35 psi car tires , it 's useless . I have aftermarket all terrain tires that requires 40 psi and this unit ca n't handle it .
 First of all , my bad for not noticing that it only runs off of a car lighter-there is no 110v AC plug . It does not show that in the photos.Second , it quickly over-heats and shuts down as soon as the backpressure exceeds 35 lbs . if it is running for a few minutes . Then it will not start again for an hour!It finally quit completely after 2 months . Do n't waste your $ $ .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 First the light stopped working . Then the red front cover broke off . The cords are hard to get into the backside and this made it impossible to get the back cover on . This is where the different blow up tips are stored so those were lost . It 's noisy and it jumps around on the ground . Lastly , the cord is long enough to work on car/truck tires , but if you have an attached trailer , you 'll need a cordless . I bought mine years ago and it did last for a long time . Just be willing to deal with various issues .
 I had one of these before and I thought it was great , a definite 5 star item . One of the features I loved was the valve that allowed you to take pressure readings without having to disconnect the nozzle . Unfortunately I lost mine and thought I could buy another one to replace it . Unfortunately the new one does not have the valve any more , so I have to take the hose off every time to read the pressure , which is a pain in the butt . Unfortunately , I 'm past the return window -LRB- by a couple of days no less -RRB- and Amazon will let me return it at my expense and will only give me a partial refund . That will cost almost as much as what I bought it for . I still give it two stars because it is a good little compressor and it does a great job of inflating things . It 's too bad I have to pull the valve off to check the pressure now or else it would have definitely gotten 5 stars .
 I purchased this item to inflate my bicycle 's tires , so I was looking for a cordless tire inflator . This one was advertised as cordless . When it arrived , it turned out that it is not , it only works when plugged into a car charger - I do not have a car . So , I had to return it . The customer service rep was very understanding , though , and acknowledged the error on Amazon 's part .
 I have owned other Campbell-Hausfeld products that worked well , but this one was the exception . There does not appear to be any warranty , and even if there was one , it would not be worth the shipping charges to send it in for repair/replacement . I used this thing once to inflate a basketball and it immediately blew a fuse . The unit does NOT indicate how much power it needs and I assumed that the standard 10 amp fuse on the cigarette lighter should be enough . Replaced fuse and then it worked on the basketball , but then a few months later it was blowing fuses again . I went to a 15-amp fuse , which did not blow , but the compressor would chug a couple of times and then stopped . Apparently its life was over ! Now it 's just an ugly paperweight !
 it is taken from the back of the compressor ... because it does not have a pressure gauge so that whatever you inflate . . you have no idea if it is enough or too much ... i wish I could return it ... because I already purchased another one at Walmart with a pressure gauge . .
 Rough , absolutely no sense . Slightly better than a damaged one . I 'd better pay more for other products -LRB- Bilstein , Sachs , etc. -RRB- but never ever buy that one again .
 Very poor written instructions . Almost like # 1 - install # 2 - spanish on reverse side . And the sleeves that are included with the boards are impossible to install , now I know why I never see them on trucks ! Oh and this is AFTER the wrong kit was chosen and sent by Amazon help . Ad said '' NO DRILL '' I am disabled and had to hire to install and ended up on a lift in order to drill all the holes ! I doubt the brackets will stay on through the winter . If I did n't already have so much invested before I even installed I would have returned and bought a lower truck !
 In the instructions it says that you will use existing holes in the truck . We had an early 1997 F150 ext cab truck , it had no factory holes , we had to drill our own . The self tapping screws they give you are too short to work . They do n't have enough threads once you go through the mounting bracket , and the backing plate . We had to get some new screws . Other than that , it was pretty straight forward .
 I have only had this product for a short time and I am already disappointed with it . After having the batteries in the charger for roughly 14 hours , I decided it would be in my best interest to call Rayovac and ask for some assistance . I soon found out that 14 hours is not actually long ENOUGH for the batteries to be fully charged , but I would have to wait another 8 hours for batteries to be fully charged . Yes , a grand total of TWENTY-TWO HOURS is required to charge the batteries EACH TIME . I suppose I recieved what I paid for , but I just want to know how one equates 22 hours with the term `` overnight . '' At least it came with batteries .
 Like the other review , this thing takes so long to charge batteries . I 'm done with rayovac after buying this .
 I got a Rayovac PS13 Charger and it is simply the worst charger I have ever seen . It has no technical specifications whatsoever so you have no idea how long it will take to charge your batteries . All it says is it charges overnight and like the other reviewer said `` overnight '' = 22 hours for a full charge because the charge current is so low that it takes forever to reach close to full capacity . My charger did n't come with batteries so I also got a pack of 4 AA Ni-MH Rayovac batteries -LRB- NM715-4OP -RRB- , those are the worst batteries I have ever seen as well . Rayovac sure is consistent with the crap they make , no specs on the batteries either , I have no idea what the mAh capacity is but they could very well be as low as 1000mAh since Rayovac seems to think that those ratings are not important enough to be placed on the packaging . Products without proper documentation like these should be banned from ever reaching a store . You are basically buying blindly because you have no idea how long those batteries are going to last but then you have to take 22 hours to recharge them so you might as well buy alkaline batteries . Never me and Rayovac again . I will stick to MAHA and La Crosse , because they can make real chargers not these toys that Rayovac make .
 I was wondering why whenever I tried to charge batteries using this charger , they 'd never seem to be fully charged . They 'd get real hot which is disturbing too . Now I see why . This charger takes over a day to charge batteries fully . Personally I 've found that over a day still is n't enough time .
 This charger is totally a waste of time I install 4 AA batteries and let it charge for 3 days and it never did complete . Rayovac you should be ashamed of this product . I would suggest you fix it or take your name off it .
 The worst part is that there is no indicator that says that your battery is charged . my other charger turns green when complete . This one just stays red . Basically , I bought some very expensive batteries , which from what I understand are n't all that good either .
 This is the worst charger in the world . I did n't even want to give it one star , but that was the least it would let me give . If this were my site , I 'd give a lower-than-zero rating . 22 hours to charge ? It 's no wonder why after I charged my batteries for 8 hours -LRB- like most decent battery chargers require -RRB- , as soon as I put them in my camera , the battery light started flashing . Rayovac should buy this abortion back from me . Total POS . I recommend no one ever buy this thing . I 'm going outside to light mine on fire ...
 I agree with all the other reviews . Terrible charger . Takes forever to work and never lets you know when they are fully charged . I thought about selling mine but I 'd never be able to sleep at night knowing I sold this POS . I bought a Duracell charger with batteries for less than this thing cost and am completely satisfied with it . Forget Raovac !
 ... runs off of a 3V cr2 lithium battery -LRB- wtf ? -RRB- ... offers a whopping 4 stations to choose from ... has a weak , rarely clear , static laden signal ... because of its cute bug like features I give it a generous 2 starsI would definitely recommend looking around at other fm transmitters before buying this one . I 've had it a little more then a week and I 'm shopping for a different one . I could be wrong , but I do n't believe Iriver had anything to do with this product .
 The AudioBug works just fine with my iPod 5G , with the exception of the auto-off feature . Mine will not shut off , even after disconnecting the audio source , even after letting it sit for several minutes . I 've already drained 1 battery . And there 's no manual way to shut it off . As a result , I need to remove the battery . Not very elegant .
 Okay I guess I should have listened to the warning . It 's nothing like the picture , they should really fix that . I have n't had it installed yet , but it was kind of a disappointment .
 Okay so i purchased this muffler for 42.99 U.S. here on amazon , expecting to get a great buy here . . apart from having to wait over 2 weeks for it to ship from amazon to my skybox , taking a total of 3 weeks to get to me , i had to dip in my pocket and pay over 80 U.S. for customs , and extra charges . . i didnt mind this , it was very unfortunate , i was exited to see my new tip and install it on my car . . BUT . . on opening the box i realised the product inside looked NOTHING like the picture on amazon , and i totally dislike it . . i dunno if there was some kind of mistake , because on the box itself theres a picture of what i wanted . .3 A racing should really do something about this cuz im totally dissatisfied , the muffler looks okay . . but it just isnt what i wanted . . so if u like the picture u see there for this muffler , DONT BUY IT .
 I receive the muffler and the muffler is not look like on the pics is way different so search it first before you buy
 What I got in the mail was nothing like what I ordered . This thing is a piece of junk . You might as well keep the stock muffler on your car . That 's exactly what this thing does ; muffle like a stock muffler . Save your money . Do n't waste it on this stuff .
 They look cool and easy to hook up and wire , but they keep coming loose no matter how hard I tighten the screws , the way the screw holes line up you can only use 3 on each pedal
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Not sure what the other reviewer is actually reviewing , this is not an inner tie rod.Bought two of these to replace failed stabilizer bar links on my wife 's Ford . These did n't even last two months . The next set I put on were from Moog and they 're holding up great . The image for this product is a bit misleading as it does not come with zerk fittings . None are needed , but it 's still misleading.This is what I got from Moog and am happy with : Moog K80066 Sway Bar Link Kit
 i tried everything to get this to work . it put grease all over the zirc fittings but no greaqse inside of fittings . wasted half of a tube of grease trying to make it work . contacted seller who told thexton they sent me a email wanted the receipt and they would send a new one . i faxed paperwork three weeks ago have never got a response i give up i guess i got taken
 Grease went everywhere , but into the grease zerk.Find a better product.There has to be a better product out there .
 I bought 2 of these plastic grease couplers & neither one was worth a crap . The grease would just come out around the fitting & go out the end with none going into the joint it 's self . I would Not recomend this product to anyone nor would I buy another one .
 I could not make this Thexton 418 work . I tried it on several fittings and each time the grease just shot out the end of the coupler . I tried several different positions , but still could not get it to work at all . I finally gave up and put the old coupler back on the NAPA grease gun I have been using since 1975 and it worked just fine.I just threw the coupler in the trash as it was not worth sending it back to Amazon . Other people have given this coupler great reviews , I am not one of those people .
 The cover is about 2 feet too short for a comfortable fit . Try the next size larger -LRB- 15 + feet -RRB- for a better Boxster cover . Also , the mirror pockets do not come close to matching the Porsche frame . In all , the cover is very soft and appears to be well made . The sizing information is a disappointment .
 I purchased this aerowing because I was looking for a product that would help clear the water off of my back glass when it rained , so that I would n't have to use the wiper , and so that the rest of the glass was easy to see through , besides the spot that the wiper had wiped clean.The aerowing is taped on like some wind deflectors . I do n't like taping things onto my paint job , but that was the only way to get this on . I did paint it the color of my truck so it would blend in , which I think help hides it , but it is still noticable . It sticks up really high , and is really noticeable from the side.It does force some water off of the rear glass , but nothing like I was hoping it would do . I have left it on , but only because I put in a lot of effort to paint it . I am still looking for an aerowing that will better go with the lines of the vehicle , and not be so noticeable , and hopefully not stick onto the paint.I did see another Explorer with a good looking wing that looked like it attached to the glass mounts , but the Explorer was gone by the time I came back to look at it , so I know there is one out there , but still have to do some searching to find out who makes it.This is n't a bad wing , but does not do I was buying it for . I have never seen another Explorer with a rear wing like this , so it definately is rare , and you will stand out . If you are looking for a wing to deflect the water off of the back glass , this will do it , but not very well . You will still have to use your rear window wiper . I even have Rain-X on mine , and the wing did n't help .
 i thought the description said it would fit all gallon and quart sizes . sta-lube must use an oddball size for its containers . this pump did not fit the standard quart size opening on my bottles of synchromax . i wound up using the tube that came with it and squeezing the fluid into the transmission . this product was a waste of my money . if sta-lube bottles are non standard , then the product description should say so .
 Although the description says it fits a STA-LUBE quart container , this pump does not fit a standard quart bottle . Additionally , the product I received did not come on a card like the photo shows ; it came in a bag with a cardboard top stapled closed . The cardboard top said it fits a half-gallon and gallon container ; it did not mention a quart at all .
 I purchased the Duplicolor Red Metal Cast Anodized paint to apply to some prepared aluminum tubing . The tubing was chemically cleaned and then alodized . At that point , I thought it would be easy to apply a paint and have it stick . It did not . It chips and flakes off all the way to the bare metal . For comparison , I tried some quick and easy Rustoleum ` Primer and Pain ' all in one and it went on and stayed perfectly.So , I do n't know if it was the primer process that was missing with the Duplicolor , or if it was because I failed to purchase their adhesion promoter , the paint I used did not stick to the prepared aluminum.That being said , the paint did go on fairly well , but dried unevenly . . even if it did not chip off.I was unsuccessful in obtaining the results I was expecting .
 Only 1 cord of 48 was shipped . This was either mislabeled or misrepresented . DEFINITELY NOT THE RIGHT PRODUCT FOR THIS PRICE!Product Features Case 48 12 '' Yellow
 This is just an unbelievable price for this part ! Amazon should not be selling car parts if this is the prices they are trying to charge !! The price for this part in any part store is just under $ 200 . I thought Amazon was meant for getting a better deal not for highway robbery . I shop amazon all the time and this is just out of line !!!
 I 've had mine for about a year and I 'm expecting an end to break off anytime now . When you drive down the interstate , this thing looks like it 's frantically trying to fly away . Flexing over an inch on both sides about as quick as it possibly can . I 've actually had people in my cab laughing at it waiting for it to break . I do failure analysis for a machinery company , and know the stress risers on this will eventually cause it to break on the outside edge of the mounting bolts . Probably would have already if I did n't live a mile away from work .
 Easy to install , but it did n't keep bugs off windshield . It also caused excessive wind noise in cab of truck . I took it off .
 This thing leaked about a month after I installed it on my gas caddy . Right out of the shaft . I would n't buy again . If I could I would n't even give it one star . Needed to use it like it was so never got around to returning it .
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I liked my older version of this shadeblade because it was wider and darker . Not happy for that reason . Sorry
 Did not change my horse power & fuel ecomy like I had hoped even after adding the silver bullet trottle spacer plate but it looks good
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I bought three sets of this . One morning I walked into my garage and discovered a flat tire . Took the tire off and took it to the local walmart for repair . They came back saying there was nothing wrong with the tire . I came back , tested the valve that was on the tire and guess what ? The valve was defective and caused all air to be expelled . I immediately took all of them off from all tires . Can not risk having flats when I am not expecting it . Sent one set -LRB- the other two sets were past 30 days -RRB- back and got only 66 cents in refund -LRB- thanks , AMAZON.COM for your generosity -RRB- . I am trying to find a way to let Amazon.com know that I am not happy with the refund but have not found a way to contact them yet . At any rate do not buy this product , too risky ...
 After returning the first set , the second set arrived and they too do not work . This product is terrible . Do n't waste your time !
 I bought this product with high hopes . On the same tire with pressure of 32psi , one cap showed all green , the other three did not . Now I 'm even wondering about the reliability of the one that showed all green . Can I trust it from a company that has such poor quality control ?
 tried a set of these out and found out that a couple of them were the source of air leaks . Sure , they told me that I needed air , but they were n't exactly helping me save time ! So off they came .
 I bought these pressure caps and two days later I had a flat tire . Went down to the tire shop , they said the tire is good , no nails , it was the pressure caps , it leaks . DO NOT BUY . Good thing I bought road hazard so I got my tire reinflated at no cost , but lost 3 hrs of time at work .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I purchased Vance and Hines Big Shot quite baffles.I removed the original baffles and discovered they are 3 inches in diameter.The quite baffles are only 2 inches in diameter and a lot shorter in length.They simply are not designed for my pipes.Are there different types of quite baffles for Big Shots ? If so they do n't make that clear.My bike is a 2008 Roadstar Silverado and I just purchased the Vance and Hines BIG SHOTS for it.These baffles are unless for me .
 I received the parts as advertised . Powersport Superstore and Amazon . com have not let me down . Always prompt , always get exactly what I order.Vance & Hines . They offer some of the finest LOOKING exhaust systems . And they have been in buisness for quite a few years.This is what brings me to my point , V&H ; have been in the game long enough to know the difference between QUIET and LOUD , UNLESS they have all gone deaf from the error of their ways.TO CALL THESE BAFFLES QUIET or even use the word QUIET in the description has to be in violation of some Fedral Law . Times must be bad and sad for a Co. to have to resort to deception to get sales.If you live and ride somewhere that is enforcing noise Ordinance , DO N'T BUY THESE , they are LOUD !!! . They will get you cited . And they make a HARLEY SOUND LIKE a Metric bike at 60 , BLAT BLAT BLAT , idle sound , Deep but LOUD .
 The tracks were okay , but the new motor supplied with it stopped working around 6 months later . Fortunately , I did not throw away the old one -LRB- which only had a broken winding cable -RRB- , so I dismantled everything again , and put the old motor back in with thenew cable + track and it has been working ever since .
 This went out in only a few months from installation . Had to replace with another . Also bought one for the passengeer side and it is now going out too . They may be cheap but speand the extra $ and get better quality . Went with a Dorman after this one .
 They give you the little heat up stick to put on an iron . It just does n't do the job . I ended up using a small curler iron . It worked but I ended up burning the couch too . Sucks !
 the glue on this product does not withstand any pressure and although it claims to shrink and pull leather together it does not . The color kit does not offer the shine that leather has and I have not yet found a way to retore shine to the repaired section of my leather .
 I did n't care much for this product . It looked okay when it came and the color pigments were easy enouch to mix , the only problem was that for some reason the mixture never hardened . It just stayed tacky . It 's now been over two months and the repaired patch area is still tacky . Go figure .
 I tried the product and found it very hard to complete any repair without it looking terrible . Yes , it did cover the hole but not sure it was worth it . I finally looked on-line and found there are actually companies out there that specialize in leather repair , and boy can they make that tear goo away ! You are much better off if you do your research and find someone to do it right the first time .
 the repair kit is extremly difficult to use and causes more damage than repair . the cost is inexpensive but it 's still not worth your time or money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I used this to patch a very small tear in a vinyl convertible top . I used an iron on patch on the inside and this on the exterior . The color changes dramatically from how it looks in the mixing cup to once it is cured . It 's more rubbery then vinyl . The texture paper does n't really work . I ended up with more of a flat circle . All of that being said , it does work in the sense of patching the hole . That 's the only reason it get 's two stars from me . In the future I do n't think I would waste my time . I 'll just buy an iron on patch for the inside and some 100 % silicone . Also what I received was not retail packaging . Not sure that makes a difference , but thought I 'd throw that out there .
 Priduct was hard to apply for a good looking finish , it stabilized the tear in the vinyl but lost it 's color
 This product worked for the repair only to have it peel off 3 weeks later , i would not recommend buying this product !!!
 Do n't waste your money -- or destroy your leather sofa . I use this product as instructed but instead of repairing my leather sofa it failed to mend it and now the area I tried to fix is a unsightly mess ! I was better off with the tear as it was .
 Followed directions , looked Ok for 2 days than came off . Worst now than ever !
 This is one of the worst products I have ever seen !!!! After a lot of mixing I Got the color right but when it dried it was a darker color . The texture looked like a glob of paint on the seat . Tried to remove the mess and ruined the seat . The texture sheets are a joke . The `` repair '' looked much worse then before I started . Duck tape would have been a better fix . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this hoping it will fix the large damage on my sofa arm . But , it does not seem to be good for anything beyond a small area - nothing more than the size of penny .
 this product made the little tear in my heels look a million times worse . it does not work at all how it 's advertised to work .
 This is the worst repair kit that I have ever bought . Instructions were vague . It cam in a small brown box , not the pictured box on the site . And it was n't a complete repair kit as it needed some kind of heating element which was n't included or identified before I bought the kit .
 ABSOLUTELY GARBAGE . I RUINED MY CHAIRS AND THE MESS WAS UNBELIEVABLE . NOT ONLY DOES N'T PRODUCT WORK , IT MAKES THINGS MUCH WORSE . DO NOT BUY IT .
 Got the stuff and the leather solution was switched with the fabric solution and caused a bigger tear . Seller would n't even give me a full refund for my loss . My suggestion , do n't waste your time and money on this stuff ... IT SUCKS !
 I tried to use this on my couch cushion , and like other users I found it near impossible to match the color -LRB- beige -RRB- of my couch . I followed the directions very carefully and tried my hardest , but in the end I just ended up with a different colored rip that did n't stay together . Oh well ! For the price , it was worth a try , but I really would n't recommend this product to anyone . Do n't waste your money or your effort .
 You have to be an artist to match the color correctly . Even if you get it to match when the mix is wet , the color changes somewhat when it dries . Looked better with the small whole than it does now .
 It gets the patch to hot or not hot enough . I burnt my spot . It should n't even be offered as an option.If you just apply the 300 degrees with an iron on the bad area only / / you have good chance of success . This stuff does work .
 This stuff is , well ... I guess difficult would be the right word all around.I 'll admit , I was dubious , but figured I 'd give it a shot , because it was better than the alternative . Here 's how it was supposed to go :1 . Color-match the liquid patch material -LRB- henceforth , `` goop '' -RRB- with the handy quick-color guide , then fine tune it to the actual item to be repaired .2 . Heat the heat-transfer device on an iron while you3 . Spread the goop on the repair , backing it with some fabric if necessary , and4 . Apply the grain/texture/transfer swatch onto the goop.Then it 's a simple matter of rubbing the heat transfer device over the transfer swatch to cure the goop , which is heat activated.But , there were several problems , first and foremost being that the goop is NOT COLORFAST . It gets lighter as it cures , although it is specifically not supposed to . Also , it 's impossible to guess for any given mixture how much lighter it will get , so you ca n't just compensate . Also , if even a tiny bit of it does not cure when you pull the swatch up , it tends to stick to the swatch , then drop away and smear on the general area . This is exacerbated by the fact that the heat transfer device is a 4 '' wooden dowel with a disc of stamped potmetal glued to the end , and if it 's not perfectly even and level -LRB- which I assure you , it will not be -RRB- it does not heat uniformly and does not apply heat uniformly.Also , any mistakes or uncured goop is extremely hard to clean , and tends to dry on its own as you 're frantically trying to rub it out with the recommended cleaners.If you 're just trying to fix a hole in vinyl or leather , and do n't care how it looks , this stuff is great . Mechanically , it 's quite strong when applied correctly . Cosmetically , though , well ... Maybe you 'll get lucky and get it JUST right , or maybe the only people who will ever see it are colorblind .
 hard to match color , then very hard to get it hot enough . an ok fix for a limit time but does n't last long before the patch area begins to crumble .
 I purchased this product eventhough the reviews were terrible , therefore I deserve having wasted my money . I purchased it because one review stated that the product worked and you just needed to be a crafty person . That 's me , very crafty , mechanically enclined , can do almost anything , starting from a needle to a skill saw . However , this product does not work at all . I followed the instructions to the T , tried it several times because I thought I was doing something wrong . Nope . Do n't waste your money it does not work .
 This product did n't work at all . Followed the instructions to a T. Could not get the leather repair to cure . Do n't purchase this product . I threw it out .
 If you read the description you would expect a electric tool to come with . But nope not gon na happen just a wood dowel stuck to a piece of metal they expect you to heat somehow . No nice box like in the picture either .
 Be prepared to say . . `` well I guess it is better than it was '' . . because you will be saying it . 1 . -RRB- You have to make sure that the rip is flat . Remove all of the loose leather or ruffle . 2 . -RRB- The second challenge is to try to shove the cloth backing under the hole - it will start to shred if you play with it too much . I took a cotton swab , removed the cotton , and then clamped it flat . That seemed to work really well . 3 . -RRB- Put the vinyl glue around the edges and inside - not too much . Let it dry for a oouple of days . 4 . -RRB- Attempt to match the color of your specific leather . There is a special color matching code like `` yellow and red make orange '' or `` add some black to the white to make grey '' . 5 . -RRB- Spread it on as flat as you are able . 6 . -RRB- Make sure the heating tool tip is screwed on tight . I did not check mine and it came off during the attempt . 7 . -RRB- You may want to consider masking down the grain paper over the repair . 8 . -RRB- It may require more heat than what the package states . 9 . -RRB- Do NOT remove the grain paper until after about 2 hours . If you do you will see some nice wet spots and smudges . 10 . -RRB- After 2 hours remove the paper and then say `` Well I guess it is better than it was '' . Do yourself a favor and pay a professional to do it for you . I gave it a 2 simply because this will at least stop the growing of the rip or hole , but so will elmers glue !
 The kit was difficult to use . Complicated and messy . In the end , my chair looked worse than it did with the tear I was trying to fix .
 The directions were confusing -LRB- a black/white Xeroxed sheet -RRB- and did n't match the materials that were in the kit . After requesting the missing `` heat tool '' I tried to fix the crack in my leather couch . Now I have a big crumbly mess . Do n't even waste your $ 10 . It is not even worth a try .
 This item does not work at all . There is no way you can match the color . and the heating system is a piece of metal that is suppose to get hot but it does not . please save your money or buy a cover for you couch !
 We purchased the liquid leather repair kit to fix a tear in our ottoman . It comes with a metal stick - that is supposted to be heated to 300 + degrees - which is next to impossible . It made a large square of melted leather in our ottoman . It 's basically ruined.DON ' T PURCHASE THIS STUFF . ASK A PROFESSIONAL WHAT TO USE !
 The Liquid Leathers Leather & Vinyl Repair Kit was not complete . The glue was missing , paint colors were missing . It did n't even come in the box that it was shown with . Almost like someone used it and decided to sell it again . Hard for me to give it even one star .
 My vinyl office chair looks worse after using this product than it did before . I specifically followed the directions , but it looked better with a tear on it than with this gunk.I recommend looking for an alternative solution .
 I am angry my money was taken and I did not get the product .
 If I could give this one half of a star I would . I gave it a full star because it traveled safely to me in the mail . You need to be a professional in the field of leather repair to make this work properly . And if you were , why would you buy this kit ? Average people with something to repair should avoid this kit if they have to do the repair themselves .
 This product does not work on leather sofa . The glue would not cure properly even with heating iron and hair dryer . When the material dry , its will flake off after a couple of days ... This is the worse product I have tried ...
 It works on very small repairs and does n't blend very well . The texture really is n't that of leather . After it is repaired it cracks , creating another rip in the material .
 I bought this to patch huge tears in my black leather computer chair . I painted the areas , but could not cure because the tool included is for dime-sized holes . The paint stayed wet for a week and still will rub off on our clothes .
 My repair was a 3/4 &#34; hole in the vinyl seat of a kitchen stool . I followed the directions carefully , but the patch kept cracking and I kept adding new layers to patch the cracks . It finally seemed ok except for looking a little higher than the rest of the seat since I had to put extra layers . I did n't use it for a few days . Then when we did sit on it it started cracking again and after a couple of days the central part of the patch fell out .
 do n't waste your money ~ i bought this to repair a torn boat seat ~ it could n't be any worse ~ do n't bother
 Following the instructions carefully , I did not achieve satisfactory results . The end results were either sticky or flaky with no in-between . I ended up throwing the kit out .
 I should have guessed by the other reviews that this was a waste of money ! I was able to fix the small tear in me leather gloves . The problem was that the color WOULD NOT take . After several attempts at `` curing '' the colored adhesive it would n't dry . It remained a sticky mess which eventually had to be wiped off leaving a white patch where the tear had been .
 Part I received was not wwhat I ordered , not even close to what is pictured . The part I received was a terminal block .
 If you have an '05 Nissan Altima -LRB- like me -RRB- , do n't get these . Amazon says they 'll fit , but they wo n't . Save your money and go to your local auto parts store , where they know what fits your car -LRB- and they 'll show you too -RRB- for about $ 10 less . These pads may , however , fit something like a Nissan Versa , or a large motorcycle . Not an Altima .
 extremely hard to reach behind the mount and attach it to the jeep . The mirrors dont sit flush against it , and you will not be able to use the passenger side one if you ever put your door back on , its simply too far forward . They do what theyre supposed to do , but thats about it . They will also rattle a * lot * . I understand that the farther away from the body of a vehicle something is , the more vibrations will affect them , but thicker materials and more reinforcement would negate some of this . you will only have useful mirrors when at a complete stop . Additionally , they mount so close to the hinges , that you have to be * very * careful when removing/replacing doors to not scrape the paint off . If you love your jeep and dont want to scratch it or ding it or anything , but want these to look cool with no doors , take your doors off first , then put the brackets and mirrors on .
 This hitch was supposed to fit on my 2009 Sienna , but it did n't . I 'm not sure if it was made wrong or was dropped really hard during shipping , but the bolt holes DID NOT LINE UP WITH THE FRAME OF THE VAN !!! This is a serious problem because it makes it impossible to install!Another reviewer had the same problem and he solved it by enlarging the bolt holes on the hitch.I followed his lead and used a Dremel tool w / grindstone to elongate each hole about 3/16 '' on the outside.Doesn ' t sound like much , but once done it went right on.In summary - the hitch is inexpensive and does n't stick out at all once installed . But plan on doing some work to get it on your van !
 The product arrived without any package , just with the shipping label taped to the outside . I 've posted a picture of how I received it . No wonder the paint is chipped off the corners . I give 2 stars for Amazon return service .
 Bought the product for a 2000 Tracker . Says to test fit . Looked close so I started cutting only to find out that it is about 1/4 '' too long to actually fit in the window . Not to mention the tape is on the WRONG SIDE !!!!! They have their little fine print that you can not return them once it has been modified . Package said for 1999 - 2004 tracker . I could not tell it would not fit prior to modifying because it has such a big lip on it . It looked as if it would fit . I did not even notice the tape was on the wrong side until I was working at trying to get the thing to fit . What a waste of money . Not to mention that I was led to believe I was ordering a `` Vent Shade '' brand product , which I have had great experience with , and got a Auto Ventshade instead ... sort of like buying a Rolexx ...
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 I was not happy with this product , it fell apart after only 1 week of being on the car . I would not recommend it .
 I purchased these pads with the hope of nothing having the brake rotor replaced so often . The original 2006 4 Runner rotor/pad combination are poorly designed . The rotors warped with still over 50 % of their surface life left . I was hoping these brand name ceramic pads would create less wear and heat on the rotors . Ever since these pads are installed -LRB- with brand new rotors -RRB- , every time one steps on the brake paddle , the pads create a `` knocking '' sound as if one knocks a door . The same sound may occur every time the brakes are released too . Either there may be some clearance issue , -LRB- not a perfect fit -RRB- or I did not install the pads correctly -LRB- unlikely -RRB- . So far a couple of thousand miles were driven and nothing changed . These pads look unusual as one large corner of the pad surface area were shaven off with a saw , or grinder , when compared to regular metallic pads in order to reduce the contact area between the pads and the rotor ... why ? No time to call the manufacturer . . I 've used Akebone pads before on Hondas and Benz and they worked fine . ... so I worried if these were rejects re-sold by Amazon distributors , or it is part of the design on purpose . It may or may not have anything to do with the brake noise . Update Nov 2012 . . annoying knocking noise still there , but thank god brakes pads still working
 Or at least , not for the standard 4 cylinder version . I 've no idea if it fits any other kind of tacoma , just not mine . Normally I replace pads myself , and was all ready to do it today using my dad 's nice tool collection . . to find that the pads do n't fit even closely . Not sure if amazon or Akebono is to blame . But I am pissed.I had ordered this several months ago , so doubtful that I will be able to return it . But I will try .
 Since the product information page for this item COMPLETELY FAILS TO MENTION IT : This product can apparently only be used on Windows . This would have been a particularly useful piece of information to know prior to purchase.So keep that in mind if you 're looking at this item.Is it fair to give a one star rating to an item I have not used ? Probably not . Think of it as a one star rating for the Amazon product page about this item.As for me , apparently I 'll be sending this item back .
 I ordered the Dorman version of this regulator . They are better built but they cost more but the extra price was worth it as I have had the cheaper ones break with-in a year . I was actually sent a cheap Taiwan copy . When I looked up the product number that was on the box on Amazon , that product was selling as the cheaper version on Amazon . I only wanted a Dorman and did not get it and paid extra . I contacted Amazon and got an RA and already sent it back but why should I have to pay the return shipping costs when I did not get what I ordered !!! Be carefull when you order this regulator and make sure its actually a Dorman you are going to get .
 1st one i got had a plastic part broke on it they quickly sent me another one but the motor died in 2 weeks time
 They sent the wrong part and never suggested any remedy but send it back . It cost over $ 10 . to return the useless part . This was a very disappointing experience .
 I bought this product for my oldsmobile alero because the plastic piece on the original one broke off . amazon said it would fit my car but was 5 '' to short to fit so i took the piece off and put it on the original regulator and it worked fine
 We 've had good luck with Dorman parts in the past and I would not hesitate to order this brand again from a source that could deliver the right one . We got aggravation , delay , and inconvenience - - - and for that we paid $ 17 . Twice we were sent the wrong part by Amazon.com . By the time we figured out that this was n't going to be right we had to pay a restocking fee to get any refund at all . Our project was delayed more than a month . We 've moved on to an on-line retailer that understands car parts .
 There is a gap at the very end of it near my mirror cuz it didnt fit the right way , but it rained yesterday and they did what they are meant to do ...
 received the springs & was immediately disappointed there was rust in places & the powder coat was flaking off & missing in other places the level of quality control at the ProComp factory must be quite low the Rancho springs i ordered were much nicer , i would n't recommend ProComp to anyone , the price was pretty good but now i see why , value for money was not horrible but not good either , OK at best .
 Only plus is that they look good.The fit is mediocre . There is no stretch areas so fitting them is a pain and there are still areas that are either too tight or too loose . Getting them on the back of my front seats required cutting out pieces of the factory seats.They are n't waterproof at all . They might as well be made of terrycloth , they absorb liquid that well.After 1 year , I have multiple tears , including the back seats which see VERY little use.Buy the Wet Okole
 I assumed Timken was the best . Due to time issues I had a 5 Star Dodge dealer install my parts . This one fell apart on them after removing from packaging . There unit cost me a bundle to purchase OEM from Dodge . The mechanic also informed me that THERE PART was slightly more Heavy-duty ? So now I am stuck with a paper weight .
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 These are RED LEDS !!!!!! I thought they were white , I wanted them for my backup ligths , and turned out to be RED !!!! The color is not specified in the product description .
 I thouht I was ordering a clear , white bright light for back-up lamps , but the bulb I received was a red one , not as expected . Did not reurn the bulb as it was not worth the time and bother to hassle with it and drive ti the post office to mail it !!!
 I thought these were goning to be white !!! I ordered 6 of them , what a waste .
 DO NOT BUY THESE !!! I bought six white LED 's and was sent six RED LED 's which are wothless .
 What a bunch of BS this turned out to be we needed to replace 1 bulb and wanted to switch to LED so we ordered this one it came today and guess what ? IT 'S RED LEDS ?? Why would n't you say something in the ad or description ? Show a red bulb , say it 's a red led ... anything to let the buyer know . . And to make things worst Amazon wo n't replace it with a white one , wo n't give us a refund , wo n't do anything !! Heck of a way to run a business BUYER BEWARE !!
 Dead on Arrival . I never seem to have luck with the cheaper LED lighting . . I will just have to buy the more expensive ones.Returning an item this inexpensive is non productive in my workday .
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 This product works but is not what I ordered.I ordered an in-channel vent and got an adhesive appliqu&eacute; , but since we needed it for our trip and did n't have time to wait for a new one we went with it .
 Turtle Wax 's platinum series ultra gloss paste was a disappointment of their products . When comparing this product to Eagle one 's nano wax , Eagle One 's product comes out on top.When using this product it was difficult to remove from the wax from the vehicle . I had to vigoruously rub the Turtle Wax until it came off . Even after that , it left a residue on the paint . When looking at the Eagle One product , this wax removed easily with light pressure and not leaving a residue.The platinum series also took up to 15 minutes to haze over , leaving a long time to wait and lengthing the time to wax the vehicle . Also it never completly dried in spots . Then with nano wax , it only took 5 minutes to haze up and was completly dry , ready to remove.Turtle Wax also lacked in the over all look and quality of the wax after it was removed . With the residue on the paint , it made it appear also though it was dull in areas and shiny in other areas . Nano wax excelled in this area . It gave the paint a high gloss finish and making it look as though the paint was brand new . Eagle One 's porduct left the paint lokking crisp and clear without the normal swirl marks on the paint like the Turtle Wax did.When looking for a wax , I would n't suggest getting Turtle Wax 's platinum series due to the difficultly of the product . The over all quality was poor compared to Eagle One 's nano wax . Nano wax excelled it all aspects of these two products .
 I think of the Bosch name highly , so when I could n't find a rear window wiper replacement for my 2004 Jeep Liberty at any auto parts stores , I bought this one.The first test of whether a windshield wiper is any good in my mind is whether or not the blade is replaceable . It seems to me that in the last ten years , most manufacturers want you to have to replacement everything every time , not just the blade -- more money for them and more hassle for consumers and more waste.I was n't quite sure which little adapter piece to use , but I chose one that seemed to work . I installed it , but the blade did n't touch the window on the far ends . It would wipe in the middle , but would miss large strips on the ends . I tried to bend it some , then it broke.Back to the hunt ; off to the trash can . -LRB- Note
 This blade is 1.5 inches shorter than the stock back blade on my wife 's 2003 Honda CRV and then when it comes to fit , IT DOES NOT or at least the J Connector , Seems the snap on piece to fit J Connector is to thick on the side to allow the J Connector to clamp on . One would have thought better of BOSCH . Just wish Rain-X made a small blade for back of CRV
 I used for 1 day and and it destroyed itself with a pine needle . Now I get streaks where the pine needle , or any other item I assume , has been dragged . So unless you are meticulous and clean your blades before you use them everyday and or get out of your car and clean them immediately anytime any item may fall onto your window , do not buy these . Unless you do not mind streaks . The damage is permanent , not only when the item is still on the window .
 One would expect a name like Bosch to build products that hold up . While their power tools do , their wiper blades do not . These wiper blades wore out in a matter of months , being no better than the cheapest blades you could find at an auto parts store . I will be replacing them with another brand .
 I have one of these on my car and also a 24-inch wiper of the same type . Neither one works well . I bought Bosch because I though it 's supposed to be a good brand , but in reality these wipers leave streaks as they go back and forth and just do n't work all that much better than the old wipers they replaced . Get something else .
 even though your site says this wiper will fit my make and model , WRONG !! over half the cost to return What a scam !
 It is not the right one for my Vehicle . It said on the ad that it fit my 2002 Vue but it does n't .
 Will never buy Bosch wiper blades again . Paid almost 50 bucks for a pair of Bosch Micro Edge wiper blades about 8 months ago , now find out they do not offer refill inserts for the blades any longer . Now you have to buy new wiper blade assemblies instead of just replacing the inserts . Rip Off .
 I am done with Bosch front and rear blades . They always leave film , rarely fit perfectly , and do n't offer much in the way of durability . Takes a pretty shoddy product to move me to bash it online , too . Frustrating .
 wiper is a little shorter than the original wiper -LRB- abt 1/4 in short -RRB- , the matrix still grasp this blade with less than 1/4 in on each end . the metal blade is too tough , so when the wiper is on , it does n't wipe the `` semi circle '' shape , but some `` trapezoid '' . in otherword , it doens ' t bend to the shape of the window .
 The blade is not perfectly in touch to my accord windshield . You will see half of the watermark left when it swipe . it could be just my blade is defected .
 I have a 2002 Jeep liberty , and this particular wiper blade has a hard time staying on . I actually have it taped on so it will not fall off . It will not lock on with any of the attachments that are supplied with it .
 Well . I know Bosch to be one of the better brands of windshield wiper , or so I thought . This blade literally fell apart in my hands as I was putting it on . It was rediculous . Would not recommend .
 I 've tried these on both my 2005 subaru impreza and 2007 jeep Cherokee . Unfortunately I ca n't say anything positive about them . They are loud , squeaky and generally do a bad job of clearing the window . They do not inspire confidence while driving and prove to be very loud and annoying.Spend the extra money and go with the Bosch Platinum 's , they are much much , much better wiper blades .
 I 'm disappointed in the wipers . I bought the Bosch because I though it was a good brand , but the fact is these wipers do n't work all that much better than the old ones they replaced . They leave streaks as they go back and forth and just do n't work like new wipers should -LRB- and I 've had them on my car for three months now -RRB- . They work better when there 's heavy rain , but still they 're not great . I wo n't be buying these again .
 This blade was incorrectly listed on the Amazon & Bosch web sites as being for a 2002 Ford Escape . It does not fit ! The people at Bosch tech support admit that there is a mistake but will not stand behind replacing the blade . I suppose there marketing department sold another one .
 I bought this based on the specs for my Jeep 's rear windshield wiper . It 's too small for one , though it 's the size specified . For another thing , it does n't bend to the glass at all . It wipes only about four inches in the middle of the rear window .
 Product works , confusing to install and the rubber moves about 1cm . Would n't buy this product again . Would n't recommend this product .
 Hi folks , I 've had several sets of these windshield wiper blades for my 1997 Jeep Wrangler . The good news is that they are cheap -LRB- much cheaper on RockAuto.com than here -RRB- and work great for a few months . After less than a year however , a rubber residue begins to deposit on my Jeep 's windshield . At first I thought the residue was due to my pitted original windshield but after having it recently replaced , the pitting continues.I 've recently ordered the PIAA Silicone wipers to see if they 're any better . Considering they 're more expensive than the Bosch and have rave reviews on Amazon , I 'm hoping they will live up to their ratings . I 've typically had great experience with Bosch products -LRB- spark plugs , fuel pumps , even home appliances -RRB- but this just is n't one of those items.NorCalRoots
 The blade looked wonderful - all shiny and new - and then I tried to put it on the car!This POS is best avoided ! It did n't fit because none of the adaptors were correct . I had to `` steal '' an adaptor from one of the old blades - how cheap is that ?!
 while the ` make sure it fits ' claims it will fit an early bronco , this will not.the adapters do n't fit the curved ends of the wiper arms on the bronco.returning for refund .
 A long time ago , I bought a set of Bosch blades and they worked great and they worked well for well over year , eventually being reaplced after 2 years . Recently I bought another set -LRB- after a bad experiance with Goodyear blades -RRB- and paid a premium over other brand blades hoping for the same earlier experiance . This time they only lasted a couple of months before they started to streak . Looks like Bosch quality has taken a serious nose dive . Replaced the Bosch with Valeo GEN2 blades -LRB- at half the price -RRB- and , while I have only had them a few months , they are working great . We 'll see how long last ...
 I had to remove these from 2 vehicles after less than a month of use . Worst wipers I 've ever purchased .
 Maybe it 's me or my car but ... I bought this for the rear of my 2006 Cadillac SRX . That is what this the 13 '' spec is for . The rear window is not real curved , but the wiper blade does not stay down on about 20 % of the glass at the top of the blade . I expected a great clean sweep all the way , instead it 's pretty much hit or miss like the old one .
 You would like to think designing a windshield wiper blade would be a piece of cake . Right ? It 's a plastic squeegy attached to the windshield . Not with this product . It is not designed to actually clean water off the windshield . The entire end of the blade -LRB- about 4 inches -RRB- does not even come close to contacting the window . i think Bosch misses the point of a windshield WIPER . It must actually come into contact with the window to work . I bought one with the problem . I then exchanged it for the same kind thinking the first was bent or something . Nope , same problem . Being that Bosch could not execute on this simple design , I went with another company . Now a can see out my window , no thanks to Bosch .
 I agree with the previous review . It 's streaky and does n't touch the window across the full lenght of the blade . Even worse , it 's lasted a little over 2 years while OEM Tricos for my 05 Altima lasted almost 5 1/2 . Will never buy these again .
 As a previous reviewer stated , these wipers are terrible . They 're streaky and have lasted a little over 2 years while a pair of OEM Tricos for my 05 Altima lasted almost 5 1/2 . Will never buy these again .
 My perception was Bosch was a premium wiper , the passenger side blade does not make a clean sweep on my 2010 Acura TSX . Blades are only few weeks old maybe it is a defective part and I should return ? that is a hassle for one blade plus I do n't have my old blades .
 I bought this blade from Rock Auto , where it was listed as fitting a 2004 Ford Escape . The Bosch web site fitment guide also lists this 40710 as being correct for the 2004 Ford Escape . However , none of the 3 plastic adapters that come with the blade will fit on the end of the ~ 9mm wide hook style arm . I talked to Bosch and they suggested a 40810 Hindsight blade . I am going to see if Rock Auto will take it back and exchange for the 40810 .
 Do n't trust the drop down tabs on Amazon because you will probably get the wrong air filter . Delivery was on time but when I get the wrong filter again I 'm not giving a good rating . Do n't trust the Dimensions you see for the filter because they wo n't be correct either . K & N Air Filters are great filters but Amazon.com really sucks at producing the right filter .
 I installed this regulator and aligned it as best as I could to the track , but I can still hear it struggling near the bottom and top of rolling up the window . It will probably last a year before burning out . I wish I would have bought OEM .
 I like the design of this brush . It 's got a good grip handle and is easy to use but it is not very durable . I wash my car minimum once a week and most other brushed I 've used outlasted this one .
 BEWARE OF THIS PRODUCT !!! The packaging notes that it is safe for all wheels , however they neglect to mention that there is a twisted wire that holds all of the bristles in place . If you are cleaning the inside of your wheels , the wire brush will make contact with the wheel and scratch them beyond repair . I now have a new BMW Z4 with 4 damaged wheels as a direct result of using this product . I have contacted their customer service department as well , but no response as of yet . I am assuming that they will be covering the replacement costs .
 I purchased this shift knob because my car interior has carbon fiber and this one looked the best as to match . I loved the shift knob when I first installed it and I still like it now . But what I do n't like and why I gave this 1 stars is the fact that the cap that screws onto the top of the shift knob after installs has peeled off of almost all its finish . Something that gets handled so frequently needs to be designed in such a way that this wont happen . I 'm not rough with my shift knob and I do n't wear any rings .
 product appears to be quality item , but when installed fits loosely and has palpable play when shifting . this seems to be due to loose tolerances in plastic adapters inside the knob - the knob itself is otherwise sharp looking . however i will be returning it , and spending more for a Sparco knob like i had on my last car .
 I have a dashmat from years ago for the same car , now I have a second . The new dashmats are really poor workmanship in comparison . It looks like a reject . Major sewing errors and miscuts , sloppy factory defects . I had to send it back.I already have same exact mat from years ago that always fit correctly , this one is ridiculous , not right at all . I 'll try a different brand , I guess.I also ordered for a different car and that one had less defects so we kept it . Still , We will do some sewing to correct one poor detail .
 I had the motor replaced in July 2011 ; which was a pain ! Now it is October and the motor already burned out ! I am very unhappy with this product .
 I purchase Monroe struts and received a generic Teneco brand strut . Buyer Beware
 I purchased this as a gift for my son and Im very disappointed it is used and has several scratches on this creeper ... I would like some explanation as to why ?????
 it said it would fit my 2005 ford f-250 and it does somewhat . I did n't noticed until I put it on , but it was somewhat deformed on the edges that go on the truck , and the worst part is that the two sided tape has been coming of from the very first day and i have been using other types of things to try to keep it up on the truck but it 's falling down in some places and I 'm about to take it off and toss it . TERRIBLE !!!!
 Not as pictured or stated . What I was sent was a generic 6 '' hook and loop pad but not like what is pictured and it is not by Lake Country . Stiffer on edge than Lake Country . I 've received a refund but TCP Global and amazon needs to do the right thing and put correct picture up and quit stating its by Lake Country . I had to delay project for reorder from another non amazon vendor to get what I thought I as ordering from amazon . Lame !
 This does n't look a bit like the Lake Country backing plate that I bought from a well known online auto care site . Although neither of them have a manufacturer name on them , the one from the specialty site is thicker and has 6 rivets . Since that site is recommended by people who are really into car care , I 'm pretty sure they are selling the real thing and that this is a cheap imitation . I gave it 2 stars because I suspect this will work OK , but it sure appears that it was misrepresented and I do n't appreciate that one bit .
 This was advertised for a Porter cable sander model number 7336 which came with a vinyl stick on face . The one sold is for velcro face . The seller said that Amazon improperly advertised it . Now I will probably have to pay shipping to return it .
 While this is generally the best car wash on the market - the bottle I received from patricobooks was a completely different color from the many bottle previously purchased from Auto Barn . I have frankly been afraid to use it and it is not worth returning because of shipping costs.I would not purchase this from patricobooks , go to Auto Barn .
 I ordered the wrong product . MY MISTAKE , I e-mailed and explained to Midway my mistake and asked if they had what I really needed , which was wax . I recieved no responce . I think think this is low reguard for customers.I will not return to do business with someone who thinks too little to reply . With shipping it would have been a fair deal for wax yet I blew the order and felt returning would just add to the cost too much .
 I bought this blade from Rock Auto , where it was listed as fitting a 2004 Ford Escape . The Bosch web site fitment guide also lists this 40710 as being correct for the 2004 Ford Escape . However , none of the 3 plastic adapters that come with the blade will fit on the end of the ~ 9mm wide hook style arm . I talked to Bosch and they suggested a 40810 Hindsight blade . I am going to see if Rock Auto will take it back and exchange for the 40810 .
 You would like to think designing a windshield wiper blade would be a piece of cake . Right ? It 's a plastic squeegy attached to the windshield . Not with this product . It is not designed to actually clean water off the windshield . The entire end of the blade -LRB- about 4 inches -RRB- does not even come close to contacting the window . i think Bosch misses the point of a windshield WIPER . It must actually come into contact with the window to work . I bought one with the problem . I then exchanged it for the same kind thinking the first was bent or something . Nope , same problem . Being that Bosch could not execute on this simple design , I went with another company . Now a can see out my window , no thanks to Bosch .
 I agree with the previous review . It 's streaky and does n't touch the window across the full lenght of the blade . Even worse , it 's lasted a little over 2 years while OEM Tricos for my 05 Altima lasted almost 5 1/2 . Will never buy these again .
 As a previous reviewer stated , these wipers are terrible . They 're streaky and have lasted a little over 2 years while a pair of OEM Tricos for my 05 Altima lasted almost 5 1/2 . Will never buy these again .
 My perception was Bosch was a premium wiper , the passenger side blade does not make a clean sweep on my 2010 Acura TSX . Blades are only few weeks old maybe it is a defective part and I should return ? that is a hassle for one blade plus I do n't have my old blades .
 A long time ago , I bought a set of Bosch blades and they worked great and they worked well for well over year , eventually being reaplced after 2 years . Recently I bought another set -LRB- after a bad experiance with Goodyear blades -RRB- and paid a premium over other brand blades hoping for the same earlier experiance . This time they only lasted a couple of months before they started to streak . Looks like Bosch quality has taken a serious nose dive . Replaced the Bosch with Valeo GEN2 blades -LRB- at half the price -RRB- and , while I have only had them a few months , they are working great . We 'll see how long last ...
 I had to remove these from 2 vehicles after less than a month of use . Worst wipers I 've ever purchased .
 Maybe it 's me or my car but ... I bought this for the rear of my 2006 Cadillac SRX . That is what this the 13 '' spec is for . The rear window is not real curved , but the wiper blade does not stay down on about 20 % of the glass at the top of the blade . I expected a great clean sweep all the way , instead it 's pretty much hit or miss like the old one .
 while the ` make sure it fits ' claims it will fit an early bronco , this will not.the adapters do n't fit the curved ends of the wiper arms on the bronco.returning for refund .
 This blade was incorrectly listed on the Amazon & Bosch web sites as being for a 2002 Ford Escape . It does not fit ! The people at Bosch tech support admit that there is a mistake but will not stand behind replacing the blade . I suppose there marketing department sold another one .
 I bought this based on the specs for my Jeep 's rear windshield wiper . It 's too small for one , though it 's the size specified . For another thing , it does n't bend to the glass at all . It wipes only about four inches in the middle of the rear window .
 Product works , confusing to install and the rubber moves about 1cm . Would n't buy this product again . Would n't recommend this product .
 Hi folks , I 've had several sets of these windshield wiper blades for my 1997 Jeep Wrangler . The good news is that they are cheap -LRB- much cheaper on RockAuto.com than here -RRB- and work great for a few months . After less than a year however , a rubber residue begins to deposit on my Jeep 's windshield . At first I thought the residue was due to my pitted original windshield but after having it recently replaced , the pitting continues.I 've recently ordered the PIAA Silicone wipers to see if they 're any better . Considering they 're more expensive than the Bosch and have rave reviews on Amazon , I 'm hoping they will live up to their ratings . I 've typically had great experience with Bosch products -LRB- spark plugs , fuel pumps , even home appliances -RRB- but this just is n't one of those items.NorCalRoots
 The blade looked wonderful - all shiny and new - and then I tried to put it on the car!This POS is best avoided ! It did n't fit because none of the adaptors were correct . I had to `` steal '' an adaptor from one of the old blades - how cheap is that ?!
 I 've tried these on both my 2005 subaru impreza and 2007 jeep Cherokee . Unfortunately I ca n't say anything positive about them . They are loud , squeaky and generally do a bad job of clearing the window . They do not inspire confidence while driving and prove to be very loud and annoying.Spend the extra money and go with the Bosch Platinum 's , they are much much , much better wiper blades .
 I 'm disappointed in the wipers . I bought the Bosch because I though it was a good brand , but the fact is these wipers do n't work all that much better than the old ones they replaced . They leave streaks as they go back and forth and just do n't work like new wipers should -LRB- and I 've had them on my car for three months now -RRB- . They work better when there 's heavy rain , but still they 're not great . I wo n't be buying these again .
 I am done with Bosch front and rear blades . They always leave film , rarely fit perfectly , and do n't offer much in the way of durability . Takes a pretty shoddy product to move me to bash it online , too . Frustrating .
 wiper is a little shorter than the original wiper -LRB- abt 1/4 in short -RRB- , the matrix still grasp this blade with less than 1/4 in on each end . the metal blade is too tough , so when the wiper is on , it does n't wipe the `` semi circle '' shape , but some `` trapezoid '' . in otherword , it doens ' t bend to the shape of the window .
 The blade is not perfectly in touch to my accord windshield . You will see half of the watermark left when it swipe . it could be just my blade is defected .
 I have a 2002 Jeep liberty , and this particular wiper blade has a hard time staying on . I actually have it taped on so it will not fall off . It will not lock on with any of the attachments that are supplied with it .
 Well . I know Bosch to be one of the better brands of windshield wiper , or so I thought . This blade literally fell apart in my hands as I was putting it on . It was rediculous . Would not recommend .
 I think of the Bosch name highly , so when I could n't find a rear window wiper replacement for my 2004 Jeep Liberty at any auto parts stores , I bought this one.The first test of whether a windshield wiper is any good in my mind is whether or not the blade is replaceable . It seems to me that in the last ten years , most manufacturers want you to have to replacement everything every time , not just the blade -- more money for them and more hassle for consumers and more waste.I was n't quite sure which little adapter piece to use , but I chose one that seemed to work . I installed it , but the blade did n't touch the window on the far ends . It would wipe in the middle , but would miss large strips on the ends . I tried to bend it some , then it broke.Back to the hunt ; off to the trash can . -LRB- Note
 This blade is 1.5 inches shorter than the stock back blade on my wife 's 2003 Honda CRV and then when it comes to fit , IT DOES NOT or at least the J Connector , Seems the snap on piece to fit J Connector is to thick on the side to allow the J Connector to clamp on . One would have thought better of BOSCH . Just wish Rain-X made a small blade for back of CRV
 I used for 1 day and and it destroyed itself with a pine needle . Now I get streaks where the pine needle , or any other item I assume , has been dragged . So unless you are meticulous and clean your blades before you use them everyday and or get out of your car and clean them immediately anytime any item may fall onto your window , do not buy these . Unless you do not mind streaks . The damage is permanent , not only when the item is still on the window .
 One would expect a name like Bosch to build products that hold up . While their power tools do , their wiper blades do not . These wiper blades wore out in a matter of months , being no better than the cheapest blades you could find at an auto parts store . I will be replacing them with another brand .
 I have one of these on my car and also a 24-inch wiper of the same type . Neither one works well . I bought Bosch because I though it 's supposed to be a good brand , but in reality these wipers leave streaks as they go back and forth and just do n't work all that much better than the old wipers they replaced . Get something else .
 even though your site says this wiper will fit my make and model , WRONG !! over half the cost to return What a scam !
 It is not the right one for my Vehicle . It said on the ad that it fit my 2002 Vue but it does n't .
 Will never buy Bosch wiper blades again . Paid almost 50 bucks for a pair of Bosch Micro Edge wiper blades about 8 months ago , now find out they do not offer refill inserts for the blades any longer . Now you have to buy new wiper blade assemblies instead of just replacing the inserts . Rip Off .
 My personal opinion / review based on 30 years of driving all types of vehicles and working as a professional mechanic . I 've raced for years and am very aware of the diff . between ride types.Bilstein HD shocks for 04 Ford E-150 . The E-150 rides very much like the F-150 and as the stock shocks wear out the ride becomes softer / spongy so you notice more bounce / body roll in turns . I wanted to try new Bilstein shocks on the rear only , so I could determine what diff . the shocks made.After driving for 3 days with the new shocks on rear only , I could tell they were stiffer and increased stability / handling . They did n't seem to be toooo harsh and the vehicle handled washboard roads pretty well . Yes , I test drove on the same beat up dirt roads and streets I drove before for a fair comparison . Seemed acceptable so I ordered the front shocks and installed them.Oh My God are they harsh . I have hundreds of pounds in the back of my vehicle and these shocks do n't flinch an inch . I feel every little crack in the road . Why did n't the rear shocks feel like this ? I do n't know ... I called Bilstein CSR and was told they are HD shocks and do ride stiffer than OEM but should n't be that harsh . Everyone has a diff . opinion of harsh . Well , I was a mechanic for years and never have I driven a vehicle that was this harsh except for large F-350 types or semi trucks . I even deflated my tires 5 psi and that did n't make much diff . It 's as if the shocks are not moving at all . You feel every little dip / bump / crack in the road . I 'm afraid to test them on dirt washboard roads . I 'll test for a month then I 'm sending front shocks back to Bilstein for revalving or buying something else.Buyer beware ! these HD shocks in front can make your ride VERY unforgiving so do n't change more than one thing at a time as to be sure what caused the problem . Bilstein claims the rear shocks are softer than the front , seems somebody at Bilstein is confused because I did a fair comparison and it proved otherwise.I sent the front shocks back for revalve and now with a med . ride they work great . The people at Bilstein took care of the problem for a small fee and I would like to say am very happy with the end results of this shock . -LSB- ... -RSB- ThanksJon
 The code reader indicated O2 sensor was bad , but did not fix the problem . I wonder if I did n't get a bad sensor ? Not sure ...
 After I brought the part and vehicle to my mechanic -LRB- who works on Fords -RRB- , he informed me that the housing and electronics would not and did not fit the vehicle intended for use . So , I now have to pay extra to have a new one installed after the door was torn apart for this part .
 When I put it on with the enclosed double-stick tape and drove down the road 1/2 mile at 50 mph , it immediately pulled off completely . I was lucky to rescue it in the roadway . Now I have the yucky time-consuming job of having to scrape off all that useless tape and residue from both my truck and the shade , and then finding a better double stick tape to use . So if you get this , DO NOT use the tape that comes with it . Save yourself a big headache by investing a couple more bucks in good tape .
 This spinner wheel last only one day and is very hard to put in the steering wheel . Try to get another one
 this product was very difficult to attach since you couldnt see where the screw was going when you inserted it . The metal clamps on the back are very flimsy , tough to line up with proper hole , would n't snug up tight even with several spacers i had to insert . there must be better ones out there .
 very difficult to install and would not recommend this . People who need this product usually have use of only one hand . This product can not be installed with one hand .
 In my error I did n't realize that the mats were carpeted , however , the picture shows the hawkeye `` hurkey '' along with Iowa hawkeyes . The mats only have the Hawkeye Hurkey head . Wo n't order again !
 The logo is loosely glued to the keychain and the keychain ring is twisted . And already the flashlight got stuck in the off position . Would send it back - but am bedridden . Will not buy from amazon again . Also had another item i received in unacceptable packaging for the price of item and delivery and item has a scratch on it . I thought I bought new . You may find what you 're looking for - but it 's better to do without than break the budget .
 i purchased these thinking it would work on 2004 gto as claimed on NGK website . . however , i suffered from rough idle and hiccups . Installed back the OEM ac delco , and everything became smooth again . Mods are
 Bought these thinking they were the best choice being thermoquiet for which I paid extra . As per amazon these were supposed proper fit for my ford windstar 1999 minivan , they do fit but turns out slightly smaller than what they should be which I found out too late after buying them and paying to get them installed . while they do work great in terms of braking , but I feel like santa 's slay and these pads like little bells that jingle everytime I hit the smallest irregularity in the road being a bump or tiny crack in the road . I hate it . I delayed returning them bcoz for one I had already paid for them to be installed so didnt want to cough up another 75 to get a new set installed , also at first i thought that my calipers were the problem . I got them checked not too long ago to find out that the calipers are in perfect condition . But now I cant return to amazon bcoz I am beyond that return period that they allow . It sucks and I would never buy this brand again . Feel misled by amazon who said they are exact fit for my van but they are nottttttt .
 Does not fit in any way shape or form . Not a replacement for a dodge truck and now trying to charge shipping to return a product that was not as described . Do not buy this unless you need an expensive ugly paper weight .
 BEWARE !! The unit you see pictured on Amazon is n't the unit you will receive ... the electrical side is entirely different for the SLS239 -LRB- check out standard 's website ! -RRB- . Trying to work through return now with vendor because I looked and the picture and said ... `` yep thats it ! '' . Do n't make the same mistake as me .
 These are heavy stiff Herman Munster boots . I would not want a breakdown and have to walk anywhere in them . I returned them and Amazon has a great return Policy .
 I got these boots 22 months ago and used them for taking the MSF course . I did n't wear them again until 16 months ago when I bought my first bike and started riding . By 9,000 miles , 7 months ago , they seemed to be holding up except that a pencil-sized hole formed in the leather at a wrinkle spot adjacent to the left boot 's velcro flap . It leaks a little in heavy rain , but I could live with that . Within a month of noticing the hole I saw that the stitching holding the velcro to the boot 's plastic shell was failing and the velcro was peeling off the boot . I could live with that.Then one month ago , at 13,900 miles , the zipper handle broke off and left my foot stuck in the boot . It took some doing to get my foot out . I was able to work the zipper to the open position so that I can still use the boot , relying on only the velcro to hold it onto my foot . At that point I emailed Teknic to see if anything was covered under warranty . I certainly expected these boots to hold up better than this . They 've only been in the rain maybe a dozen times and never off road . I never heard back from Teknic . I tried contacting where I bought them but no joy there , either.Just yesterday the spring fell out of one of the boot adjusting strap latches and now it 's hit or miss if it will adjust . These boots are falling apart at 14,000 miles and 16 months . I expected much better from a $ 300 set of boots . If Teknic ever responds I 'll update here , but I 'm not expecting it.Edit
 I bought the Trimax `` Universal '' lock only to find it was not universal . When attached to a Brenderup horse trailer 's coupler , it would slide off over the front or simply fall off if the coupler lever was raised . The lock seems to require a groove on the top of the coupler to hold the lock 's top bar-loop . Else , as on my trailer , it will not stay attached . It seems solid and may work for some trailers , but not for all.Instead , try the Master Lock Universal Trailer Coupler Lock # 377DAT ; it worked for me and seems as if it will work for all couplers . Also it 's $ 18 with free shipping instead of $ 36 plus $ 10 shipping for the Trimax.That said about this product and it 's inaccurate billing , I am happy with Mobile Mart who refunded my costs and paid for return shipping the lock .
 I got these boots 22 months ago and used them for taking the MSF course . I did n't wear them again until 16 months ago when I bought my first bike and started riding . By 9,000 miles , 7 months ago , they seemed to be holding up except that a pencil-sized hole formed in the leather at a wrinkle spot adjacent to the left boot 's velcro flap . It leaks a little in heavy rain , but I could live with that . Within a month of noticing the hole I saw that the stitching holding the velcro to the boot 's plastic shell was failing and the velcro was peeling off the boot . I could live with that.Then one month ago , at 13,900 miles , the zipper handle broke off and left my foot stuck in the boot . It took some doing to get my foot out . I was able to work the zipper to the open position so that I can still use the boot , relying on only the velcro to hold it onto my foot . At that point I emailed Teknic to see if anything was covered under warranty . I certainly expected these boots to hold up better than this . They 've only been in the rain maybe a dozen times and never off road . I never heard back from Teknic . I tried contacting where I bought them but no joy there , either.Just yesterday the spring fell out of one of the boot adjusting strap latches and now it 's hit or miss if it will adjust . These boots are falling apart at 14,000 miles and 16 months . I expected much better from a $ 300 set of boots . If Teknic ever responds I 'll update here , but I 'm not expecting it.Edit
 The AC Delco product itself is great . But the packaging from this retailer was not sufficiant enough!I ordered a set of 8 spark plugs . They came in the normal 8 plug thin cardboard box . Then that was placed in a non-padded envelope . On two of the spark plugs , the ground electrodes were bent badly , closing the gaps . I re-gapped the plugs correctly , but I have a little miss . Now I have to replace them again . The package must have been dropped and the package was not cushioned enough!I think the next time I do a tune-up , I 'll just get my spark plugs from the local auto store .
 The shift knob looks very nice and was color coded to my needs . However , the insert adaptors do not work with my threaded male shifter . The plastic inserts are not threaded so the shift knob just falls off almost immediately . No clear instructions are provided to address my issue . Very dissapointed with the outcome.No numbers to call for help either.Wasted my money .
 Hi I had new monroe struts for my auto installed on 6/10/2009 from a local sears dealer at 6757 - Sears , Roebuck and Co. 6600 Menaul Blvd NEAlbuquerque , NM 87110 -LRB-505-RRB- 881-5690 . strut part numbers were sensatrac 71951 , 71952 , 71953 , 71954 . Since that installation my car 's steering wheel shakes or vibrates at freeway 70 mph speeds . I 've taken it back to sears and they told me no trouble was found . I 've had it in the shop at two other independent repair shops to verify it 's not wheel balance or rotations . The problem started w / the new monroe struts and I need the problem to finish with them . I 'm at a loss for what to do next , save for filing a BBB compliant and contacting the bank to have the funds reversed.Thanks-Shawn
 Do n't purchase this if you are expecting a platform like the one in the photo . The item I received does not look like this , and rises up well above the level of the platform . It is useless for my planned purpose of putting a jack on it .
 I got these boots 22 months ago and used them for taking the MSF course . I did n't wear them again until 16 months ago when I bought my first bike and started riding . By 9,000 miles , 7 months ago , they seemed to be holding up except that a pencil-sized hole formed in the leather at a wrinkle spot adjacent to the left boot 's velcro flap . It leaks a little in heavy rain , but I could live with that . Within a month of noticing the hole I saw that the stitching holding the velcro to the boot 's plastic shell was failing and the velcro was peeling off the boot . I could live with that.Then one month ago , at 13,900 miles , the zipper handle broke off and left my foot stuck in the boot . It took some doing to get my foot out . I was able to work the zipper to the open position so that I can still use the boot , relying on only the velcro to hold it onto my foot . At that point I emailed Teknic to see if anything was covered under warranty . I certainly expected these boots to hold up better than this . They 've only been in the rain maybe a dozen times and never off road . I never heard back from Teknic . I tried contacting where I bought them but no joy there , either.Just yesterday the spring fell out of one of the boot adjusting strap latches and now it 's hit or miss if it will adjust . These boots are falling apart at 14,000 miles and 16 months . I expected much better from a $ 300 set of boots . If Teknic ever responds I 'll update here , but I 'm not expecting it.Edit
 SENT THE WRONG ONE-RETURNED IT - FOUND IT CHEAPER AT A DIFFERENT WEB SITE-GOT THE SAME BRAND -LRB- DASHMAT -RRB- OTHER SITE WORKS GREAT NO PROBLEMS
 I ordered one of these for my subaru - did n't even come CLOSE to fitting properly . It 's the usual cheap automotive grade carpet as well . Avoid and get something you can see in person and make sure fits .
 Very cheaply made , not safe to use , no ground . I would not recommend at all . I tried to send back and they would not take it . I bought a proheat and it works great . I would tell you to get the Proheat brand as it is a much superior product and is grounded .
 Installation of these blades is not straightforward -- three adapter pieces and a pin are included , which might work well enough , but the instructions provided with the product could not be more of a joke . I 'll be returning to the store and asking one of their employees -LRB- at Kragen -RRB- to install all three blades -LRB- they 're nice enough there , if you 're willing to wait -RRB- . In the future , I wo n't be buying this product when I need new blades . I do n't mind a bit of complication in installing stuff like this , but the instructions should be adequate to the task , and they 're really not .
 When I ordered this , there was no picture of the product posted -LRB- first mistake -RRB- so I went by the weight , which was listed as 16oz . -LRB- which of course equals one pound -RRB- so I ordered it -LRB- second mistake -RRB- . It arrived in a HUGE box -LRB- you could have literally fit over 100 packs in it -RRB- boy was I disappointed when I opened it . It was a tiny pack of only FIVE pieces varying from 4.5 '' to about 5.75 '' in length -LRB- that 's 5 total pieces , NOT 5 of each -RRB- . The whole thing was SO light in weight that I had to weigh it out of curiousity , it would not even register on my digital scale , I would approximate it at 1 ounce and more that 3/4 of that is packaging ! At about $ 5 , even 16oz . -LRB- 1 lb . -RRB- would have been pricy , but this is ridicuous - about $ 1 for each tiny piece !
 G. Scott is right . The Bosch 40918 Excel Micro Edge wiper blades that I bought 2 or 3 years ago were great . They NEVER squeaked , not in light rain or heavy rain or cleaning the windshield with the cleaner fluid . But the replacement wiper refills ALWAYS squeak so loudly that it drives me nuts ! Either I buy some new wiper blades before the rainy season starts , or rip these off the car and see to drive in the rain by sticking my head out the window . I think I 'll go with option A. Consumer Reports says that Anco wiper blades work well .
 Was excited when I placed my order but when it arrived all excitement escaped my body . The stitching was of poor quality and it looked awkward on my headrests . I actually purchased them for both my truck and car but , overall , I was not impressed and am returning the items .
 The product advertisement is misleading . The Amazon add appears to offer the product as a kit , which includes an air chuck hose and gauge . The word ` kit ' is extremely misleading and not what I have been accustomed to in Amazon advertising . Because the tank valve did not come with a hose and gauge , I had to use my old air tank hose and fabricate a fitting in place of the gauge . Very unsatisfied and disappointed .
 I ordered this manifold to replace the original that came with the air tank because it leaked air . After installing the new manifold and attaching the pressure gauge and connector , I found that the cut-off valve would not turn either `` on '' or `` off . '' Forcing the plastic knob to turn , it broke . So now I can turn on and off -- using a pair of vice grips . In addition , it does n't hold air much better than my old manifold.There must be something that works better than this !
 The brackets that came in my kit were for trucks with a six inch fabtech lift . I am now going to have to find or have somebody fabricate brackets that will work . The Item description says nothing of this . Thought it should be known .
 The only instructions are unreadable pict-0-grams on the back of the package . The Pict-O-grams are therefore useless . The blades I bought fit into my vehicle 's wiper blade arm in the proper manner but would not snap or lock onto the arm . I 've replaced blades many times , and never had any kind of installation difficulty or lack of the blade locking on . The blade appears to work well and cleans the rain off the glass , which is encouraging , but I 'll will have to return them if I can not get them to lock onto the arm . My vehicle is NOT exotic , an 03 ' Chevy pick-up truck .
 I give this product one star because the box promises `` fast and easy installation '' yet it utterly fails to instuct me in how to put these on the car ! -LRB- It 's not intuitive and I 'm no idiot , thank you very much -RRB- The installation instructions provided on the cardboard backing consist of a series of tiny drawings of a pair of hands holding various hard-to-identify objects performing various undescribed tasks that all look the same ! What is the weird tool for ? How does it work ? What is happening in the pictures ? What 's the objective ? Absurd !
 BUYER BEWARE !!!! The retailer will not tell you these lights are illegal in a number of states . They blame Amazon for not including this language in the ad . I now have a set of new flashing brake lights I ca n't use . I 'll sell them cheap !!
 I carefully chose this wiper as it was supposed to fit the 28 inch size driver window on my 2004 Nissan Quest minivan . the same Bosch brand worked OK on the 18 inch passenger side . But this 28 inch wiper has a swing mechanism that is simply too big to fit onto the little `` hook '' on my Quest wiper arm . Again , the 18 inch blade has a smaller piece and it fit
 These are not like normal windshield wipers . For some reason , the design requires that you insert an unusual piece into the wiper . I tried to follow the instructions , but it did not make sense . In turn , the wipers would not fit on my car.I promptly went to an auto parts store and bought another set -LRB- that has the normal connections -RRB- and popped it on in 10 seconds.Do yourself a favor and buy another brand -LRB- unless , of course , you 're an auto repair specialist and can read crude illustrations -RRB- .
 product sent was not the same as pictured , also iam now out of the cost to ship back , and possible 20 percent restocking fee . i dont feel this is right . i myself own 2 auto shops and DO NOT TREAT MY CUSTOMERS THIS WAY ...
 this tool is completely useless for Subaru cam seals.just slips off , scratches cam and busts your knucklestotal waste of time and money
 The first time I tried to use this seal puller the shaft bent way too easily . I tried it on a smaller seal and it still did n't work . Went back to a screwdriver and the seals came out easily so they were n't in that tight . Save your money ,
 All indications are that this product includes front seat covers for my make and year truck . When I received the package I had covers for the rear seat only . The website ad states nowhere that this is a `` rear seat only '' cover ! Beware !
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 I would not recommed this steering wheel cover to anyone . The cheap plastic stick-on team label came off within 24 hours . This was NOT from internal car temperatures on an July day in the Southwest , but this was a Spring day in New England . You are way overcharged for a little platic name that bubbles up and comes off the next day .
 These light pods are decent , well constructed and put off an acceptable amount of light over a good range of angles . However , that 's where the good things end.At $ 22 for 2 pods , they 're way overpriced . What are you going to do with just 2 pods ? the answer is nothing . You 'll need to buy multiple ` kits ' to complete a lighting project , and from my experience installing this and similar light kits on different kinds of bikes , the magic number is going to be around 8-10 pods , or 5 ` kits , ' over $ 100 worth , and you 'll have all of those wires from all of those individual kits to contend with , splicing , managing , or hiding however you need.There are other reasons not to buy these , apart from the price . For starters , they 're big and bulky , and difficult to conceal . The way the LEDs stick out of the pod means they cast direct glare in directions other than where you point them , which makes them illegal on the street unless you can adequately hide them -LRB- which as mentioned previously , is difficult -RRB- One of the biggest let-downs for me was that the kits do not include a decent mounting bracket . Included are `` brackets '' which are really detachable snap-out holders for the light pods , but they only work if the surface you want to mount them to is directly opposite and facing the surface you want them pointing at . On a motorcycle , this is almost never the case . You will need to buy , manufacture , or macguyver some form of angular mounting bracket to point the lights where you want them effectively . This is not as easy as it sounds , since to my knowledge no one makes a bracket specifically to correct this shortcoming , so you 're kinda on your own for hunting one down that 's `` Close enough . '' On my VFR 800 with 10 light pods , I am going to need to make 9 brackets to angle the lights where they should go.All in all , you could do much better for much less , if you went with an XK Glow kit or something similar , instead of this . The XK Glow kits I 've used before included 10 light pods , were smaller , brighter -LRB- at least for the colors I bought , so YMMV -RRB- , more convenient to wire and install , and included bendable metal mounting brackets , cable clips , and everything you needed to do the job right ... and it all cost less than just 4 of these StreetFX pods . If you want to spend a little more , the XK Glow kits even include a wireless remote control and flashing/dimming effects for still less than a full installation o these.TL ; DR
 I bought this for my 06 Accord , and the extra lenght of the knob interferes with the stock shift boot therefore it can not be used unless you adjust or get a different shiter for your car . Too bad , this should be better than the short ra96 which I ended up with . Razo has got to change this sooner than later . I suggest you dont buy and get a short ra96 to be safe .
 I purchased this knob using Amazon 's `` find a part for your vehicle '' feature , which stated it was correct for a 2009 Honda Civic . This was incorrect.The knob seems solid and basically looks exactly like the picture . The packaging is a little lackluster for the price , and mine looks like it may have had a previous owner . Regardless , the instructions were relativly clear , and I quickly inserted the correct adapter . Please not that this knob uses a `` universal adapter '' system , which is essentially a plastic insert that you mash onto your car 's shifting post and screw down . This cuts the correct sized threads into the plastic and makes it `` fit '' your car . This is not my preference , but I decided to roll with it anyway.The problem with this particular knob is that the long version appears to be the short version with some addition to the length . That is to say the plastic part sits in the same place on both . As a result , for a Honda Civic the shifting boot interferes with the bottom of the knob , making it impossible to attach without removing / replacing the shifting boot.Amazon accepted my return and even paid for return shipping , though I have noticed that the item still comes up when you search for an 8th gen civic ...
 I purchased from this company and one of the bladders kept leaking and rubbed a hole on the side of the bladder . Paid to have a replacement for the SO CALLED LIFE TIME WARRANTY and would be given a refund once defective part was returned to AIR LIFT . Four month later and I am still waiting for my REFUND . Just get the run around . I will never do business with AIR LIFT again .
 I purchased from this company and one of the bladders kept leaking and rubbed a hole on the side of the bladder . Paid to have a replacement for the SO CALLED LIFE TIME WARRANTY and would be given a refund once defective part was returned to AIR LIFT . Four month later and I am still waiting for my REFUND . Just get the run around . I will never do business with AIR LIFT again .
 Normally I do not write reviews . But with this product I decided I needed too . I purchased this item for my Subaru Legacy Sedan . It said on Amazon that it fit . Actually it did . The problem is it does n't work . You cant mount them low enough to be effective to have your window down in the rain . So I guess it makes my car look better but a pointless add on . So of course when I went to remove them , 1 of them cracked and broke . STAY AWAY !
 It may have been a fluke , but the Coni-Seal SC103460 Slave Cylinder from Amazon -LRB- ~ $ 27 + tax -RRB- was bad from the start . Once I got it put in and bled , I had a clutch pedal again but it was not fully disengaging the clutch , I could not shift into gear . Trying to go into reverse would grind and the transmission would not even try to go into the forward gears.After a lot of time trying things to convince myself it was worth a try , I ordered a Brakeware Clutch Slave Cylinder from Autozone -LRB- ~ 58 + tax -RRB- , installed it and it seems good to go.I ended up spending more money to get a part that worked for me , of course if I had done that to start with , I would not have spent all the extra time troubleshooting what I believe to be a bad part from Coni-Seal . I guess I should just be happy that it appears Amazon will give me a refund ...
 This tachometer needs a spinning wire to show RPM 's . I did not know it existed , but this tach does not show RPM 's via an electronic connection , but a mechanical wire , just like the old school speedometers.Don ' t buy this , if your bike does not support an RPM connection.The picture is incorrect.On the Honda Shadow 750 , you will need the electronic version of this tach!I will return it , and order the electronic version !
 not just smoked , drivers shade is fuzzy plastic can not see thru!purchased weathertech and threw these in garbageAuto Ventshade 94845 Ventvisor 4-Piece Smoke Window Visor
 I bought this product , and listen up !!!! This is NOT `` silicone spray '' made by Liquid Wrench . This is `` Liquid Wrench WITH Silicone '' in it . If you are used to buying WalMart Silicone spray , as I always do , you will notice immediately the strong `` Liquid Wrench '' smell as soon as you spray it . I was greatly surprised of Liquid Wrench that they would FALSELY label there product . If you do n't believe me , then , enjoy your liquid wrench with silicone .
 CAUTION
 It claims to fit the new Malibus , but it in fact does NOT . Also , it seemed faded when it arrived , so I question the quality of it .
 This does not work for a Chevy S-10 , which was mentioned , after it arrived found it would not work , returned item have not heard anything or a refund !
 This product would not work on my 94 Pontiac although it is listed as a vehicle it will scan on . I have read in forums that other purchasers suffer the same fate -
 I have a 1994 1/2 ton c1500 Chevrolet Pickup with a 6.5 L diesel engine . I only found out after reading in the manual that it wo n't work on diesel engine . That was not said in the descriptionon Amazon website .
 Should be named `` All GM Except Cadillac '' . It seems that most Cadillac models of the era have an internal code reading method built in , so this item is not necessary .
 This product site does not list the years for which the code reader is intended -LRB- 1984-1995 -RRB- nor could I find a link with said info . As the owner of a '98 Chevy , this info would have been helpful . Now I am stuck with a product for which I have no use . I can only speculate as to weather or not this oversite is intentional . I will not be purchasing any more products from this site in the future . Caveat emptor .
 Shipped by UPS , so I got it fast -LRB- three days -RRB- . But wrong pipe for a 1985 Colony Park station wagon , but I made do . Drilled a hole in spare tire wheel well and made a bracket to clamp to it . This one fits only a sedan .
 This product did not fit correctly . It ripped without too much force . I contacted the seller . After 3 months of the run-around and 8 e-mails to the seller Amazon.com paid me off for the product `` NOT COVERCRAFT '' . They are as disreputable , sleezy , cheap and evasive a co. as I have ever dealt with . I 'm gratefull I bought through Amazon as otherwise there would have been no recourse . To this day Covercraft has never contacted me again and I still do n't have a tire cover ... Steve A
 Warning ... this was NOT a two row radiator as advertised ! When the item arrived I got a single row radiator instead of the two row as advertised .
 Was advertised as a lie to sell a one row radiator . This is totally misleading and dishonest to send a one row radiator in lieu of a real 2 row radiator.There are no ways to contact you by phone to tell you of the total bovine scat and total horse puckey this is . Way to go Amazon for allowing this .
 I purchased this pump for my turbod B16a2 when it actually would kick on it ran like a rapped ape i figured it was an issue with my pgm-fi relay at first so when i finally got the chance to dive into my car i put a new one in and still nothing i just hope the new one last alot longer to be honest
 Seemed fske and like a chinese reproduction . UPC not valid . Thouhht it wss fske out of the boxJust is a knockoff
 I bought this fixture to give my kids some light in the evening hours to color in their coloring books , read , write letters to friends , or just play games . That 's the purpose , right?Well , after almost exactly 3 months I noticed that it was very dim , so I removed the cover . Much to my surprise , one of the -LRB- two -RRB- bulbs was dead , so I replaced it . That lasted another month and now the whole fixture is so dim , it 's not worth even having it on.Speaking of `` having it on '' , the aluminum base to this product serves as a `` heat sink '' -LRB- to dissipate heat -RRB- for the electronic circuitry powering this fixture , and it was burning hot -LRB- too hot to hold your fingers to for more than 2 seconds -RRB- . To me , that 's bordering on a fire hazard , which in a trailer , can be deadly.I called the company -LRB- `` Walo '' -RRB- and explained that I was using it about 3-4 hours per night , about 3-4 nights per day -LRB- weekends and long weekends at the trailer park -RRB- . The guy was incredulous that I would * dare * use it that long . `` It was never meant to be used for that amount of time ! '' Honestly , I was so taken aback that I did n't have any response for him . What * is * it for ? Finding the bathroom?Anyway , one fixture and a total of 4 burned up bulbs later , I disconnected it and threw it away ... GARBAGE ! -LCB- Oh , and for you techies out there , yes , I had it connected to a REGULATED and FILTERED 12 volt source . -RCB- I did send a message to the seller asking for help , but did n't receive a single peep for a response -LRB- not even a `` sorry , ca n't help you -RRB- . Do n't walk ... RUN ... from this product ... it 's total garbage .
 I installed this starter solinoid on my 1991 F-150 . I seldom drive it . After about fifty starts , the solinoid got stuck in the energized position and continued to spin the starter with the key turned off . I had to remove a battery terminal to stop the starter.This has happened twice in the last twenty starts -LRB- once last night -RRB- . I leave the terminal loose so I can remove it quickly . I have to beat on the solinoid with a hammer to get it to release.I will replace it soon . I will not use a Borg Warner part this time .
 I used Amazon 's drop down menus to make sure this filter fit my make/model/engine . Although Amazon said it fits my 2009 G6 GT 3.5 L engine , it does not . I have a sedan , so maybe this is the coupe filter ? I do n't know , and apparently Amazon does n't either .
 The G100 is simply a re-packaged Porter Cable polisher , which can be purchased here on Amazon.com for less than $ 125.00 . I do n't know how this company can justify selling this tool at such an outrageous price . Meguiar 's does n't even sell it even longer , having replaced it with their G110 . If you want this polisher , then get the PC 7424 .
 Bendix used to be made in USA now made in China got a whole 3 months wear out of and a warped rotor . Now I will never buy bendix again . Bought wagner brakes made in usa working just fine .
 These pads provide ample stopping power , however they are emitting a dust that has already pitted the chrome on my factory wheels.Previous pads never did this ...
 The lug nut is too big to be used on my 95 Accord . The person whom I bought the Accord had put in custom alloy wheels and there was not enough room to used 7/8 inch wrench to tighten the lug nut .
 Before buying these I checked the tool if it can fit on my 2006 GX 470 and it says it will fit . Now when I have it and tried it on , the nuts are entirely different than the real ones and it wo n't fit at all .
 I bought these for my 2004 Lexus RX330 because I did n't want to use the special key that Lexus provides . I installed them myself , but when my mechanic rotated my tires , he said they were the wrong kind for that car . Something about how the nut has a beveled edge , but real Lexus nuts have a flat edge where they make contact . He got me real ones from the dealer . Check your nut style before buying these . My fault for buying them .
 I bought this product to replace the one on my 1994 Dodge 2500 Diesel Ram which had developed a dead spot , as they always do . The first one I received could not be installed and adjusted to meet spec 's . I sent it back for replacement . The second unit was identical to the first in that it could not be installed to meet spec 's . I found that the only thing I could do was to drill out the two mounting holes by a great deal so that this unit could be rotated sufficiently to meet installation spec 's . Does n't anyone check to verify that these units can meet application specific specifications ? Next time I need to replace my TPS I 'll look for another manufacturer .
 I bought this flame arrestor for my 4.3 mercruiser and found the flange mount is way to big so now I 'm stuck with an item i ca n't use .
 OEM radiator cap would not fit on . Pipe fittings for transmission lines were very poor quality . Did not mount/line up properly with original fittings .
 We really like this tag frame . It makes an important statement regarding cycling . However , the bottom of the frame covers up an important part of tags in certain states -LRB- on the FL Tag it covers up the County which must be properly displayed -RRB- . This is disappointing as it is unusable on the rear of the vehicle where it has the greatest impact .
 Do not buy this product , I figure it was a good idea because the pin style could not possibly fail . However , care was not taken when constructing this product . The bottom plate is about 1/4 '' steel and the welds sure penetrated well , but the welding overheated so much the bottom warped and both jackstands are not flat . The corners do not touch the floor just imagine how little of the bottom is actually making contact with the concrete , mostly only in the center , not my idea of safety . I checked with some other people with similar style jackstand made back in the good old days possibly in the USA too , and theirs is flat . In my opinion if the manufacturer can not avoid warping then the bottom should have been machined flat and using a thicker material to begin with .
 The face on the gauge is made of plastic , and was scratched from the packaging . Pretty cheap design . The rest was pretty nice , I ca n't believe that they would make the gauge lense out of plastic .
 The unit I received from Amazon had a defective Xenon light . After only 5 minutes on the phone , a tech support individual agreed it was defective and gave me a return authorization number and shipping instructions.I shipped the unit to Innova Electronics , Fountain Valley , CA on 8/1/2011 . As of 8/26/2011 I 'm still waiting for a replacement . The response to my email request for shipper and tracking information was , `` We use FedEx . '' Period.I found out on my own that this item is back ordered on their web site . I do n't mind waiting but would appreciate some customer service . My gut feeling is that I 'm out of luck on this purchase.I 'm sure this item is a treat to use . So long as it 's not defective.Update
 I have to send it to factory for repairs ... It didnt work out of the box ... maybe it will work when I get it back .
 Would not recommend for 8.00 or 8.5 mm wires . Inconsistent readings . Pick up clamp does not clamp spark plug wire well .
 After purchasing these chrome handles cover and putting them on my truck they looked very nice . But , they have a tendency to scratch easily , and after having them about 9 months with spring here . I have noticed that the winter was very hard on them , or they 're just cheaply made . I say this because they look very bad , pitted , and the chrome looks like crinkled tin foil . I wish I would have never bought them . Now , I am in the process of trying to get them to honor their warranty . Which I feel is going to be a very long process with little results .
 This gasket did not fit properly . I had to use a rubber mallet to get the gasket onto the pipe . Normally this type of gasket should slip on with little effort . For some reason none of the aftermarket exhaust companies seems to have the correct gasket for a 2005 Toyota Prius . I tried many other brands and all were too small . I had hoped that this one was correct , but once again very disappointed and frustrated . I would probably recommend purchasing a Toyota gasket instead .
 the title of product clearly states pack of four , but only received only one . The deceptive wording makes this a horrible review
 Clutch did not contain everything in the description or in the photo . I would contact the company and they would advise that it is not their fault and was nothing they could do other than take it on return . I ended up having to buy a sring and helix for the clutch to actually work -LRB- $ 150 extra -RRB- . AGAIN PRODUCT NOT AS DESCRIBED !!! DO NOT EXPECT TO BE ABLE TO PUT IN THE CLUTCH WITHOUT BUYING OTHER PARTS !!!
 This was a used piece of junk . Some type of glue on the front . But most of all i does not work , still trying to see if can be returned .
 Just purchased and installed this part . The installation went well . However , the stock OEM radiator cap will not fit on the version of this unit we purchased . We had to go back to Vista Pro , who advised some units manufactred had this problem . Check the fit of your radiator cap first , before doing installation work . Vista Pro advised they are sending us a radiator cap that will work.LR Dan
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 Even though the part finder said this would fit it didnt the drain hole plug for my 1997 nissan sentra GXE .
 This was the wrong belt for 2005 prius . Use 2004 or 2006 to get the right belt . I would also suggest to check bando website before you order it
 I bought `` 3 of Bosch -LRB- 4306 -RRB- WGR8DDP Platinum +2 Spark Plug - Pack of 4 '' so i expected 12 spark plug , because you say Pack of 4 ... but you send me only 3 ... so you must change the ad message for pack of 1 .
 The pants were too large . I tried to return them to the vendor Extrememoto but I did not get any response to my multiple email messages.Shame on you Extrememoto and Amazon !
 Poor quality , green contact/wire missing discarded product and will order autometer tachometer from another source.Equus 6068 Black Tachometer - Measures 3 3/8 - Inches
 I was a Fix-A-Flat fan for two decades , having used it to repair motorcycle tires on two occasions when I would have been stranded otherwise -LRB- temporary fix until I could get to a shop -RRB- , and once or twice on car tires -LRB- which I believe I continued to drive on for a long time -RRB- . I carry a can in each of my vehicles at all times.However , the current design with the hose wrapped inside the cap -LRB- instead of draped down the side of the can like they used to do -RRB- can not be trusted . I just tried to repair a very low tire on my car -LRB- about 11 psi -RRB- . When I hooked into the valve I heard a loud hissing where the built-in hose connects to the the can , and it would neither inflate nor project the contents of the can . Instead it drenched my hand in the clear , chemical propellant . After 10 minutes of hand washing -LRB- very bad stuff -RRB- , I got the other can from my motorcycle bag . Same thing with the hissing , except this time it sprayed the caustic foam all over the side of my car . At this point the tire had run completely flat , I had to immediately wash my car -LRB- this is January , to make matters worse -RRB- and shower , and I was stranded.So there we have it -- two cans -LRB- purchased at different times and locations -RRB- , two failures , both at the exact same part of the hose . Since the whole point is to use it for emergencies when there are no other options , I will not purchase this specific design again . Incidentally , I noticed Slime is running the exact same design -- looks like the same company probably manufactures the hoses . How unfortunate -- the product works quite well .
 Ordered this EOM wire set . It was the correct model number after I checked several sources to make sure that I was ordering the correct set for my vehicle . The box was marked with the correct model number but it was not the correct set for my car . The spark plug boots were several inches too long . The box said made in Mexico where they must have labeled them wrong . I returned them for a refund .
 The TB end on the one I received was moulded way way oversize , The hole for vent pipe from the valve cover was about 1/4 inch too large . The MAF fit a little loose , and the filter box end was the right size , but it was too much trouble to make this mess work . I sent it back and got one from CHEVY .
 This switch is not what it claims to be . The heat range is wrong . Beck Arnley confirmed this . BA consolidated production and is using a different heat range switch and stamping this part number on it.I do n't buy Beck Arney or Napa because this `` consolidation part numbers '' for parts with diferent perfoemance causes problems . In this case cooling fanns come on late shut off early and engine overheats . This is a constant with Napa , very serious on brake shoes .
 I made this product installed professionally by licensed technician yesterday on a 5 year old 220-240v electronic air-conditioner unit made by Panasonic with cooling capacity of 13000kjh -LRB- 1.5 HP -RRB- , purposely intended to be run by Honda EU20i during power interruptions.It went fine and the compressor was able to start when tested with the EU20 generator unit running , even in econo mode . When reverted back to shore power , it was operating okay and you can even noticed that the light flickering has stopped every time compressor starts unlike with the original installed capacitor.The air conditioner worked perfectly well until a day later when it blew up , spilling toxic fumes . SPP6E failed less than 24 hours of use.The capacitor it replaced has 30uf but has 370VAC max rating . SPP6E has 170-277VAC with 88-106uf rating.The technician was called back and they reinstalled the original capacitor and the Panasonic air-conditioner unit is operating normally again , except that it ca n't run while using the EU20i generator.I 've contacted Supco for possible product replacement.There is no question about its compatibility with EU20 Honda generator , at least on my experience . They may not however work in the long run over normal household current or electricity .
 After reading the great reviews on this part , I purchased the SPP6E hard start capacitor for my RV , but upon receipt it is designated for 170-277 VAC -LRB- 208 or 240 VAC units -RRB- . After reading all the on-line data I am concerned that it might not cut out if used on a 120 Volt AC unit and burn out the starting coil in the motor . Supco tech support does not recommend this item for 120V air conditioning systems usually found in RVs , so I returned it to Amazon without issue . Buyer beware for RV use . The SPP6 , rated for 90 - 277 Volts is available at a lower cost , but uses a thermal cutout which does not have the instant restart provided by the E series .
 I ordered these for a wet location , they arrived and the tightening screws are not stainless steel as stated in the product description , the bands are stainless steel . The company made it difficult to return the items , I had to pay shipping .
 We had this for a while , it worked fine , until our baby got to the toddler stage , and kept pulling on the shade . As a result I found her one day playing with a metal rod she had extracted from the shade!Not very kid friendly !
 First off , it 's heavy . Second , it takes approx . 26 pumps to fully extend . Third , the handle pulled apart with minimal effort . You could n't even pull the jack with it . And fourth , when I unboxed it , I worked the jack up and down to test operation , -LRB- which was good , but slow -RRB- , let it sit in my shop for a day before actually using it , and the thing puked fluid all over my floor . I spent a few exta dollars on an Arcan unit , and love it .
 These stem caps are durable and add a great bit of flash to my Dodge Caliber . Problem is , they RUINED my valve stems ! I thought my TPM -LRB- tire pressure monitor -RRB- system had gone haywire . Then I ended up with one flat tire which needed to be replaced , and all my valves had to be replaced ! Do not buy these caps . A bit of flash is not worth your tires !
 This unit is operated by a single small incandescent light bulb . You need to cup your hands around the outside to feel any heat . When it is on fan version , the fan is so loud you can not hear yourself think . Terrible item .
 The best thing about this heater is that Amazon paid its return shipping . The fan turned from loud and annoying to something that sounded like a cat fighting with a chainsaw within the first 10 minutes of use . Max heat output during those 10 min was like the other reviewer said , a light bulb . Will defog your windshield if you are desperate , I do n't think it could defrost anything though .
 It was too week it was n't able to heat the car at all . The fan worked well however no so good I 'm the heat .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but felt compelled after purchasing this garbage . I ca n't say enough about how horribly bad it is . You would think the product would be OK for $ 40.00 dollars , but this product is simply junk . I should have listened to the other reviews before purchasing . The fan is unnervingly loud and sounds like a poorly built electric weed eater ... fresh out of the box , and it sounds like it 's falling apart . The heat output is slim to none , and even so , it 's built-in thermal sensor turns the unit off after 5 minutes ... I could go on and on , so just do yourself a favor and save your money !
 I live in a cold area in oregon and drive a truck w a heater that only heats up when I 'm going fast so I ordered this and just hoped all the other reviews were full of s *** but they were n't this thing is crap the little light bulb generates so little heat that I was n't entirely sure it was working properly and then on the second day it blew a fuse
 I plugged this into my lighter and blowed fuse after fuse even though i had went up in fuse amps they still blowed . NOT WORTH IT
 This was a humongous waste of money . I bought it to help keep pipes in the back of a covered bed truck from freezing in Georgia . We had an unusually cold winter and I had to find something that could just keep the pipes from freezing when my drivers were coming from their homes to the shop . These trucks were all covered bed vehicles , parked in garages , and heated all night . This little heater just had to keep the pipes from freezing for a 30 minutes drive and it could n't even do that . Unbelievably weak little things !!!! I bought a cheap ceramic heater from Home Depot and it did a much better job . BUYER BEWARE !
 This unit is very loud . It puts out very little heat . We only had it a couple of weeks before it burned out . Only had about an hour and fifteen minutes on it . This unit is a very bad purchase .
 Easy to use in the configurations shown . However , 3 million candlepower does n't do you much good when the battery needs recharging after no more than 15 - 20 minutes of use .
 I bought one outside Amazon , and charged it 15 hours . My mini Maglite had more power . The battery never worked . Do n't waste your money . Better pay a little more , but for something that works !
 Unit worked when I first bought it ... but after 6 weeks it stopped charging even though I left it plugged in for daysnow it does not light at all
 This light has never held a charge for more than a few hours . Needless to say , usage is but a few minutes at best . Whoever it is making these things should go out of business
 The FIXIT 3,000,000 halogen spotlight worked for about 5 minutes after being fully charged . It would then have to be fully charged -LRB- and - the unit can NOT be used while it is charging -RRB- . After being fully charged , it would hold the charge for about 4 days -LRB- when not in use -RRB- . After less than a year , the unit will not hold a charge.I had bought 3 of these units and I am compelled to give the worst rating possible for each .
 it seems that the formula has changed significantly since the last time i used it . even after scrubbing my plastic trim and applying the product , the &#34; protection &#34; did n't last after it rained a few lays later ...
 As an auto enthusiast I take great pride in my cars . I will spend hours at a time cleaning them to a spot-free shine . Time has really started to take its toll on my 2001 Chevrolet Blazer . The paint still shines like the day I bought it but the plastic & rubber trim is a different story . I have tried countless temporary fixes like Armor-All and Turtle Wax Ice , as well as more permanent solutions like trim paint . Having used Nu Finish car polish for the last few years and loving the results , I was desperate to give Nu Vinyl a try . Unable to find it in any stores , I finally broke down and ordered some last week from Amazon . I was so excited to use it today to prepare my Blazer for its mid western winter battle.Nu Vinyl looks like Armor-All and has hardly no smell . It goes on like Armor-All but that 's where the similarities end . After Nu Vinyl dried , most of the plastic and rubber trim developed white streaks and blotches . Everything looked awful ! Some of the trim around the windshield wipers did develop a black sheen but only in some areas . I immediately sprayed a shop towel with Armor-All and went over everything again and thankfully everything turned back to black again.I will probably trash the rest of Nu Vinyl and attempt to get a refund without having to return it to Amazon -LRB- and pay return shipping -RRB- . This product is awful and I would not recommend anyone waste their time or money .
 I had ordered a large jacket . When it arrived , it was obviously at least an extra large , possibly a 2x . It 's really hard to say considering that the tag inside said it was a MEDIUM . That being said , the quality . The leather seemed very stiff and uncomfortable . -LRB- almost like plastic or pvc vinyl -RRB- The Zipper was already going to need some oiling as it did not move freely at all . See the leather tabs in the picture ? They did not exist on this jacket . Stitching was uneven . All around a very poorly constructed jacket . So luckily they were out of any other sizes by the time I got it and I did not have the opportunity to exchange it . I say luckily because it forced me to scour the internet in search of a replacement . My son really wanted this one . I found one at Paragon Leather for 10 dollars cheaper and when it arrived it was an immediate difference . Everything I complained about this one from Jafrum ? It was all perfect with the new one.So it all worked out in the end for my son 's Christmas , but it took me nearly three weeks to get my return refunded with Jafrum , and I am still out $ 20 in shipping costs due to their shoddy , -LRB- possibly counterfeited -RRB- product .
 Purchased both 02 sensors for replacement in my NA 850 without the CA emissions system after getting a CEL for the downstream sensor . Cleared codes and drove car for a few days , CEL came back on indicating a low voltage read from both 02 sensors . Car was smoke checked , and exhaust manifold was replaced because the flex joint was broken -LRB- obvious air leak -RRB- . After this repair , the exhaust was checked again , and got a clean bill of health from Boston Volvo . Car drove great for 4 days , CEL light came on for 1 day and then shut off on it 's own -LRB- bulb not blown -RRB- . Drove the car without a light for 5 more days until the CEL light came back on today , indicating low voltage fault codes from both O2 sensors . The 20 + year veteran tech at Boston Volvo says he has never seen an after market sensor with the same precision as factory , and does not recommend using them . Seeing as this guy has worked on 3 different Volvos for me , I 'll take his word for it . If he 's not right about these parts I 'll certainly update this review to ensure due fairness .
 these get surface rust very quickly and I am in a dry area and no road salt used here just wanted everyone on here to know this if you buy it . .
 I have a Honda Prelude with a factory spoiler on my trunk . My spoiler is extremely low -LRB- only about 4-5 inches above my trunk . No matter how I adjusted this bike rack I was not able to fit it to my vehicle . The bike rack would hit my spoiler every time.The product felt very well made and was very easy to use . It came completely assembled and was really lightweight . This would be a great rack for a standard trunk but if you have a spoiler -LRB- any raised spoiler -RRB- I doubt this rack would fit over it .
 Sparkplug wire set was for a 1991 thunderbird SC with distributerless ignition . Amazon said it would fit my car . Sparkplug wires were for a car with a distributer which my supercoupe does not have . Amazon also charged me to return wires as they apparently thought I ordered the wrong part . Now I am worried about the other parts I ordered for my 1991 thunderbird SC that Amazon said would fit . Recommend not ordering auto parts from Amazon unless you know the exact part number you want . Amazon needs to get their act together if they are going to say yes it fits your car , because right now they do n't .
 Bought struts for 06 hyundai accent . Parts search sead it was compatible ; WRONG!I sent it back . Save yourself the grief and buy from a local auto parts store .
 i wired it up , it worked , so i was going to wire up the light next , nothing worked , then i just did the unit itself again w/o the light , nothing worked ... dead in a couple minutes ... not the best product in the world ...
 Generates horrible screaming engine noise . Not recommended for audio applications such as portable cassette players .
 I bought -LSB- 2 -RSB- remotes but could not program , eather one , be extra carful when buying this item , you might be throwing your money away ,
 The sensor arrived quickly , but does not function . I am buying the ac delco version since that is who Chevy usually uses for most of their electronics . I would not recommend wasting your time with this component .
 The product is advertised as a custom cut sunshade for a Volkswagen EOS . Unfortunately , It does not fit my car at all . It is too tall for the windshield , and the cut out for the rear view mirror is not deep enough to fit my mirror .
 I gave it 5 stars in my initial review , but have to downgrade it to 1 ... Surprised such a simple part failed so quickly . Good thing I did not use this replacement part for my cruise controll control cancel switch . At least it is easy to replace -LRB- if you are a contortionist -RRB- .
 To be honest , the towel was n't really that water `` magnet '' . I personally find my old towel would do a much better job .
 I bought this `` Drying '' Towel thinking that it would be a great substitute for the old one I have . What a mistake I made . This towel does NOT dry at all . In fact , the more I tried to dry my car with it , the more it got wet . I would not recommend this product to anyone . I end up buying a chamois towel which proved to be 1000 times better .
 Once it gets wet , there is n't much you can do about wringing it out . It 's title is true . I do not know why some give five stars to this product is very difficult to use it . might not have used it and lie so bad that confuse buyers because they believe that having five stars is a good product but it is not true . . I recommend the pva Chomu . I have one for seven years and works extremely well .
 You are better off using an old fashioned shami that never needs wringing out and does n't leave water spots like this towel does . I regret buying it .
 It started out impressively . But over time , its performance deteriorated . The best drying towels out there are the Water Sprite Plus . They are made in Holland . They are more expensive , but I 've yet to find a better performer so I guess I 'll stick with that .
 I bought a few of these to dry my cars because they seem to be a good value . Although they do absorb a lot of water and supple when they were new , after about ten uses and washes these towels became hard and I no longer feel comfortable drying my paint with these towels . When washing these towels I always treat them as I do to my normal microfiber towels - machine wash cold , Chemical Guys microfiber detergent with no fabric softeners and normal dry in the dryer with no dryer sheets . These towels are now demoted to drying outside windows , wheels/tires and stuff that dont tend to scratch easily .
 I can not believe they put this on the market . Once it gets wet , there is n't much you can do about wringing it out . It 's title is true - it is a water magnet . The problem is it just wo n't let the water go . This towel is horrible . I suggest using the 3-pack microfiber Meguiar 's towels sold by Amazon as well under the subject `` Meguiar 's X2020 Supreme Shine Microfiber - Pack of 3 '' .
 THIS IS OKAY AS A TOWEL . IT GETS FULL OF WATER FAIRLY FAST . I 'VE USED IT TWICE NOW AND GONE BACK TO MY CHAMOIS .
 Ok , I love most of the Meguiar 's products except this towel . It is very thin and is not a magnet for water . The ends are frayed too . Very cheaply made and very thin . I bought this towel and a blue towel -LRB- Detailer 's Choice 3-504 6.5 Square Feet Microfiber Drying Towel -RRB- The blue towel , by far , performed superior . Compare it yourself and send back the one that does n't work as advertised . Here is link to other towel : Detailer 's Choice 3-504 6.5 Square Feet Microfiber Drying Towel-1 each
 The fact is this towel will not meet the expectations of the majority of buyers . It does not have the soft/plush characteristics of a quality towel -LRB- it actually feels quite rough -RRB- and ONLY measures 22x30 ! This is just under 2 by 2.5 feet so you do n't have a lot of surface area . Also it is very thin so I would need at least THREE -LRB- 3 -RRB- of these to properly dry my mid sized car.Many people do n't realize that most car experts say the best option for car drying is a WHITE 100 % COTTON TOWEL . It is recommended that the towel has smooth , finished edges as well as tags removed to prevent scratching . Full size microfiber towels have the disadvantage of being both hard to find and expensive . Personally I find an effective combination is using a full size cotton towel to quickly sop up most of the water , then use a smaller microfiber towel to finish and detail.A good example of a high quality cotton towel I found on Amazon is thePem America Resort Bath Towel , White . It has a nice full bath size at 32 by 58 inches and is made of high quality thick 100 % cotton with a finished edge design.For those interested in small microfiber towels for detail jobs such as waxing , interior , and wheels there are theMeguiar 's X2020 Supreme Shine Microfiber - Pack of 3 . Or for a better value you can chooseZwipes Microfiber 12-Pack of Cleaning Cloths . I use the Zwipes because you get 12 for the same price as 3 of the Meguiars brand cloths!Good luck and happy detailing.Peace , BenEph 3
 Does n't dry any better than a regular microfiber towel -LRB- in fact it 's worse than most -RRB- . Like others I now use it for door jambs . I generally am a fan of Meguiars products but take a pass on this one .
 Meguiar 's calls this a towel , give me a break . It is less than half the size of the one 's I bought from Groit 's and less than half the thickness . All and all you could use them to handle the in side of the car but as for drying the out side ... ?? Meguiar 's wax - good stuff and the towels not so much .
 This thing is horrible . It does remove the water from the vehicle and it absorbs large amounts between ringing it out . the problem is after your all done the vehicle has spots similar to after a rainfall and it dries . Not at all like my real chamios -LRB- sorry ` bout that spellin ' if it 's wrong -RRB- . Eh , it was cheap anyway and I only ordered it as a filler to get free shipping on the rest of my order .
 Well here 's the deal . The picture shows a black plastic sensor , but what the ship is a gray one . Big difference . Black ones are a prerecall type that works better in older model 7.3 engines . Technicly they are not shipping the wrong part so you get what you pay for but if you are searching for the elusive black CPS for ford 7.3 diesel , this is NOT the place to get it .
 i purchased 2 of these speakers form amazon.comand at the time they only had 2 of them lefti reviced them and they looked like they where not new they had come to me in a box that had hardly any packing in it so they where loose and falling around in the boxthey also looked scuffed and like someone had tried to peel back the part number label on them after i bought them they had none lefti then returned them and all of a sudden they have 2 in stock lolthese are the same ones i returned be ware before youbuyamazon shame on you for not putting these in the garbage and trying to pawn them off on someone els
 not enough 3M tape on it looks like it will fall off . looks better on the computer than it really is
 When this arrived , part of the plastic was cracked at an edge , but it was n't a huge problem . The vent visor does what its meant to do , and stays on well if you follow the instructions , but I barely have room to open my window its almost pointless to have , its more of an extra shade from the sun . The ends curve inward , letting water leak into the window , the interesting part is the back part of it has less room than the front part , therefore when I have the front part of the window down enough , the back part of the window is too far down for it . This needs to be longer down to let you actually get a dry airflow .
 Purchased unit from local Tractor Supply after the Kat 's Magnetic oil pan heater failed after one day of use . Installation was n't easy then unit failed the second time I turned it on . I suspect the Manufacture , Five Star Mfg. Co. has very poor quality control and has a very high rate of failure . Will remove and return for a refund and will not buy another Kat 's Product .
 We got it and put it on . So far it has warmed the truck up just like it is suppose to ... however , when I went to unplug it yesterday the cord cracked from the cold.It marketed to people who live in cold climates to warm the vehicles up so they will start , but it does n't seem to handle the cold well itself .
 The seat fit the bike fine . Looked great . However it was a pain in my back side . The back rest created by the passenger seat dug into my kidneys . The seat dug into my butt . I felt two support bars that just tore me up . I am a big guy at 6 ' 2 '' and 290lbs . The seat moved my riding position about an inch forward . With the passenger seat on , I could n't sit fully in the solo seat without leaning forward . I tried all adjustments I could . I purchased all stock bracketing to mount it , pulled my bags off , no improvement . My wife loved the passenger seat , she could ride for hours with no problems . I could not . After about 30 minutes , it was almost unbearable . I put 300 + miles on the seat and then rode it to work a week later . 17 minute ride caused back problems all day . I sent the seat back and will look to an ultimate seat or some other brand later .
 Autometer makes some very high quality gauges . This gauge is no exception in terms of build quality , but unfortunatley a narrow band AFR -LRB- Air-Fuel Ratio -RRB- gauge is not very useful . It taps into the car 's stock oxygen sensor and as a result what you see on the gauge is a constant sweep back and forth from full rich to full lean . You get a pretty light show , but no useful information . Fortunately , Autometer will soon be releasing a wide-band AFR gauge that will include a Bosch wide-band oxygen sensor . That setup will provide useful information . Until then , skip this narrow band setup and save your money for something useful .
 I bought the clay kit and they include one of these towel in it . I also bought the 12 pack microfiber rite-aid for $ 10 . The meguairs microfiber towel is a tad thicker , but only by a small amount . I would rather have 2 of the Rite-aid towel . Do n't go for the advertising gimick , it 's not worth it.It also lint . The rite-aid one lint also . perhaps all new microfiber towel lint as they come out of the box . Got to shake hard to get rid of these lint before using them.Save your money Go buy 2 microfiber towel instead .
 I recently decided I was going to detail my automobile -LRB- clay bar and all -RRB- . Naturally , a good microfiber cloth is part of the necessary equipment , so I decided to get some new ones and ordered the Meguiar 's x2020 supreme shine microfiber -LRB- pack of 3 -RRB- based on the very positive user reviews . Like any product , there are huge variations in microfiber cloths , and these particular clothes are near the bottom of the list . My main complaint is that these leave a LOT of lint on whatever they 've cleaned . They are literally unusable with glass , mirrors , sunglasses , computer screens , etc. because of the amount of lint . I even noticed it when I used them to wax the car , and I expected better based on 4.5 / 5.0 stars -LRB- at time of purchase -RRB- . The weight is relatively light -LRB- I 'm guessing 220 g/m ^ 2 based on a comparison to other known microfiber weights -RRB- . That 's not a complaint , but rather an observation since it was n't obvious in the description when I bought them . I would say these are mainly suited to applying waxes / polishes and using bug and tar removal , but not for removal of traditional waxes or application of instant detailers or spray on waxes . -LRB- Do n't get me wrong , they will work , but so will cut-up blue jeans , it 's just a matter of performance -RRB- . However , if that 's all you 're going to use them for , they seem overly expensive -LRB- 2-3X -RRB- , hence my low rating . To be fair , I figure I need to offer a better solution if I 'm going to knock a product , so here goes
 After reading many reviews of the microfiber three pack I decided to try them for my new 2011 black camaro . I do n't know what the color cars the previous reviewers had but it was n't black.This has to be one of the worst drying cloths I 've ever used and I 've used many in the last 20 years . The car was never completely free of streaks until I used a microfiber cloth from Wal-Mart and completely went over the car a second time.Again , it may look like it does the trick on other vehicles but it wo n't work on a dark colors . --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Apparently , the quality of the Supreme Shine microfiber towels has declined recently . See comments posted on the Meguiars Online web site . They seem to be getting quite a few complaints . I found the towels I received to be quite thin . They also left some lint.You can get similar towels for less money at the big box retailers . You might also do some research on car detailing forums and find some internet vendors who sell better quality towels for about the same price .
 These cloths are decently plush , however one side seems much lower cut than the other . When I ordered , I was anticipating a really nice high quality set of towels but was pretty disappointed when I used them . They 're supposed to be `` pre-washed '' , however the amount of fuzz and lint that come off of these things is just plain terrible . Put it this way , I took and shook the towel repeatedly with a dozen good hard shakes to clean it out , and I was flat out COVERED in yellow crap . All over my face , all over my clothes , everywhere . So much material came out that I thought I had shredded the towel or damaged it in some fashion ... but it was still in tact with no unraveled stitching . I waxed my black explorer a week ago , so this time was just a spray detailer job . I had some lint residue left on the finish , but it was n't too terrible . But I guarantee if I would n't have forced the majority of the loose material out prior to using , my poor truck would have been covered in it . Just a bad couple of days for me lately . I 've always been really happy with McGuire 's products , but with these microfiber cloths and a cheaply constructed rotary buffer hook and loop backing plate - I 'm starting to lose my faith . If my # 105 compound and # 205 glaze that I also just ordered too disappoints me , I 'm afraid McGuire 's just lost a good lifelong customer . I would n't pay more than $ 4 for this set of towels . I 've bought better than these for much less in the past . Hopefully a couple of washes fixes the lint situation . Would I recommend them ? For the price , absolutely not .
 After I bought this a couple of weeks later I went to CostCo . They have a whole freaking pack of microfiber towels in the auto supply areas for a little more money , but you get ALLOT -LRB- at least 17 -RRB- of the towels .
 It comes up when you search chamois . I thought it is some sort of chamois , but it is cloths instead .
 My review is specific to the Bushwacker pocket flare for the 05-11 + 2nd gen Toyota Tacoma - part number 31920-02 . You may have read that the Bushwacker flares provide 1.75 '' of additional tire coverage . The trouble is - they make that measurement after removing the stock OEM factory flare that 's on all the Tacoma 4x4s and Prerunners . So at best , you get about half-an-inch more tire coverage than stock ; hardly worth the trouble . Certainly my 285/70R17 tires on 17x8 wheels with 4.5 '' backspacing still stick out past the new bushwacker flares I put on today.If you 're looking for a fender flare because you need better tire coverage for your oversize tires - may need to keep looking .
 I purchased this item , and took it to my local auto repair shop to have installed . Unfortunately I have to park my vehicle outside in the rigid winter , and barely get any heat on my way to work.I just used this for the first time , as temps were in the low 30 's this past week . Hoping I would come out to a easy starting , warm-ish truck . Plugged it in , and the next morning , NOTHING.It is defective . Now , I have wasted money on this product , the installation , and a coolant change which was done , because you have to remove your lower radiator hose.Now , If I want to claim it defective , and have one warrantied . I would have to have this un-installed send it back to amazon , wait for another one and be without my only vehicle for several weeks , OR buy a NEW radiator hose $ 50 -LRB- since you have to chop the old one up to make this work -RRB- and pay for un-install / re-install , and another coolant job.I do not recommend this item to anyone , It was a waste of money and potential headache .
 Bought this for ease of installation and I need my 1992 Suzuki Swift to start in the morning . Was a breeze to put in . Temps have been at and below zero for about 3 weeks and it worked great . Turned it on today and nothing . I saw other reviews that had the same problem . Hope my car starts in the morning . Definitely wont purchase again . Thanks for nothing .
 I installed one of these heaters in my chinese 24 H.P. diesel tractor . -LRB- a very old and cold blooded design -RRB- It worked great last year , for the 2 times I used it . I wrote a glowing review on the tractor site I belong to . A made in USA product at a competitive price , that is a win win product ! This year it do n't work . I pulled it out and did some ohm meter tests on it . The thermostat is fine but the heating element is not . Zero contuctivity through the heating element . Now I have a gap in my radiator hose that I have to fill so I have ordered another one . I would hope that something built in the USA would function a little better than this . I was very pleased with it when I installed it and it worked well . I am not quite so pleased now . It is reasonably priced and it should work for a long time . There is n't much to it . Perhaps the bend radius of the heating element is a little sharper than it can tolorate?They work great when they work . When they do n't it sucks . It is a real PITA when you have a snowstorm bearing down on you and ca n't get your tractor to start.I hope my dipstick heater is up to the task.If the replacement heater lasts more than 2 uses I will ammend my evaluation . It should n't be that difficult to build one of these . About 3 inches of mild steel tubing a cal rod element and a couple of crimp on connections and a snap switch and 6 foot of electric cord . The packaging probably costs more than the working parts .
 Went through trouble of buying new lower radiator hose to install this unit and new antifreeze and it does n't work . Now what ? Do the whole job over again ! Garbage
 Mallory has a great name and a great reputation but , beware . This distributor is not supplied with a new drive gear or retaining pin . To make matters even worse the shaft is n't even drilled for the retaining split pin to secure the gear ! Have fun drilling the shaft at the proper point . This is a job for a machine shop , so figure another $ 50 , or more to have this done properly .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 I never like to provide a bad review for anything . One bad apple should n't spoil the whole bunch . But two out of two is a trend even if it is a short one . Installed two of these switches in my cars over a period of two months . The first seemed to be working just fine . Installed the second one about two weeks ago . It worked for a day ! Then nothing . Then the first one I installed failed a few days later.Of course the way these things are assembled , they 're not designed to be taken apart . So I could n't tell what was wrong with the switch . I assumed the contacts had burned . In taking the second one out and removing the battery cables , the switch came apart in my hands . Here the housing is crimped to the base . The two mating surface have an alignment tab . It appears that the two parts were not aligned so the base was inserted deeply enough for the crimp to hold . If this was the case , then the electrical contacts were not properly aligned as well . No sign of burning or pitting . Just faulty assembly.Needless to say ... I replaced them with a different brand .
 The heater core that I received was too long . I had to modify my heater body , so the new core would work . I do n't know why they sent the wrong part .
 I bought two of these . One 1 1/2 and the other 1 3/4 because I was n't sure where I would install it in the lower rad hose . Anyway the 1 1/2 was installed and after all that work , it did n't heat up . Ok I got a bad one and it 's a pain to change . Well , I decided to plug in the 1 3/4 to see if it worked and guess what ? It does n't either . These are garbage and you should not waste your time . I got double porked on these .
 I bought and installed one of these also . It lasted three nights then shorted out , tripping home circuit breakers as soon as I plugged it in . From the time it was installed it always seeped slightly , creating a housekeeping mess.Do yourself a favor and save the hassle of cutting -LRB- and later replacing -RRB- a perfectly good radiator hose and install a freeze plug heater from the start .
 The product is not working as of today and has not been on the vehicle for a month . Hope it will be warrantied .
 I purchased the 1 1/2 '' heater for my 2001 Chevy Cavalier . I had a little difficulty installing it , because the lower hose is only straight for about 3 inches . I did get a piece cut out , and the heater installed on the hose . When I plug it in , it gets hot right away ... than trips the circuit breaker . I do n't know if I got a bad unit , or if it is just too much heater for a little car . Either way , buyer beware if you plan on installing in a small car .
 When I ordered the product I was told it was made of solid steel , dimentions of 8 `` X8 `` X6 '' and weighed 4.5 lbs . I was excited because it was n't made of plastic , bigger than the others that were only 3 `` X3 '' and did n't weight a pound ... but when I got it , it was exactly what I hoped it was not . I called Amazon and they allowed me to keep it and reimbursed me because the seller did n't describe the product accuratly . I rated this a 1 because of that reason . I like the hitch cover , I would like it more if it was bigger and made of steel .
 Amazon , more specifically their customer care and shipping , is a joke . I have ordered and returned FIVE count it , 5 of these each one was damaged in transit by amazon . All they did to package it was throw it in a bigger box with a wimpy little plastic air bag on one side of it . Each time the stem on the vacuum advance was bent and protruding through the box . Their customer care is a joke , I called and each time I was connected to a `` bob '' in india and I honestly lost count of how many times I demanded that they `` package it like it 's made of glass and mark it fragile . '' Never once did they do this despite their promises and assuring me they would . The vacuum advance on the distributor is made out of STEEL , it would take a TREMENDOUS amount of force to bend it , and an expensive piece of technology like this , that is vital to your engine 's performance needs to be packaged accordingly and with extreme CARE . It 's $ 381 on JEG 's website , its a little more but hey at least you 're dealing with people who have a brain and who know how to properly ship their products . I 'll take my business elsewhere and you should too .
 I do n't like this product . It does n't absorb water as claimed . It does glide alot better than a regular chamois , but leaves water behind
 I purchased this product because of the Meguiar 's name -LRB- which is becoming over-rated -RRB- and the expectation that it would somehow be better than a typical generic chamois ... I was wrong . First , this chamois is no thicker , is no better quality , and is no better shaped than any average product out there at half the price . Second , when they indicate 3 ' they mean it ... it is n't one square millimeter larger . Third , and what I just ca n't understand , is that the chamois comes taped together . When I tried to carefully remove the tape , gum residue remained on the chamois . I just returned the first one for replacement -LRB- thank you Amazon -RRB- , but the replacement was even worse . Since the Chamois is so small , I did n't have the luxury of cutting off the gummed part . I ended up using a de-gumming product and then cleaning the chamois ... all a waste of my time . My suggestion , pass on this overpriced product , it is n't anything special .
 Chamois did not work as expected . Too small for the job and would not ring out all the water . Returned to Amazon for a refund .
 After I received 2 filters for my 2 cars , I was alarmed by visible less filtration fiber in K&N ; filters . In many instances you can see small openings in the fiber.Fiber has some oil that helps to collect dirt from air , but sometimes that can also mess up ignition things . Filter build solidly , but the main working function clearly not as good as a regular -LRB- original -RRB- filter . I went on other web sites to read reviews about it . Many people impressed by it 's solid build , but informed ones all point to potential problems from using it . Bottom line it will allow more air , but at expense of allowing more dirt in to an engine . Following common sense , in industrial settings nobody uses type of filters as K&N ; does , in semiconductors manufacturing , in clean rooms all filters are HEPA , and fiber type similar to regular -LRB- original -RRB- filters . Using K&N ; filters might void warranty on your car.Will be returning these today , and will get original ones at third of the price .
 I thought this would be great for our new car but it did n't really dry it that well . We will go back to using towels instead . It was kind of pricey too .
 This product does not absorb like a quality chamois leaving streaks . I threw it out after the first use and purchased another product .
 Fram is trash . I have removed several fram products that were brand new and their removal and replacement with a WIX product fixed a drivability issue . please save yourself the trouble and get a WIX product like NAPA or well WIX .
 Fram filters are notoriously the worst performing filter on the market . They have cardboard end caps , plastic bypass valves , nearly nonexsistant drain back valve . Why would you trust a high reving performance machine like a street bike to the cheapest made filter on the retail market . No thank you .
 Fram is trash . I have removed several fram products that were brand new and their removal and replacement with a WIX product fixed a drivability issue . please save yourself the trouble and get a WIX product like NAPA or well WIX .
 Terribly uncomfortable . It will not support 2900 pounds . I weigh 245 and it is already bending . The design is poor and it is just a matter of time before it breaks . For the price , there are much better options available .
 THIS IS FINE FOR CHILDREN BUT AN ADULT WEIGHT WOULD BEND IT.THEY SHOULD HAVE MADE IT WITH A HEAVIER GAUGE OF STEEL
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 I regret buying it is not the original Made in ChinaThat traditionNot in conformity with what the site you conceal the truth to pour money
 I ordered five of these , and then found out they will not fit my 2007 Audi A6 with 4.2 V8 . Buyer beware .
 The `` fine print '' on this product -LRB- once you receive it -RRB- is that it should not be operated over 40deg F . It does n't have its own thermostat , and mine stopped working after 3 days . One of these days was * maybe * in the low 40s but that 's it . ` Ca n't tell why it stopped working , but it did . If you 're going to get one of these you better buy a separate plug thermostat like the `` thermo cube . '' I 'm not getting a replacement on this , I 'll look for other heating pad/mat options that are more reliable ...
 Very disappointed . I installed the heater , plugged it in , it heated for approximetly 5 minutes and quit heating . I thought maybe it was thermostatically controlled , so I parked it outside in 15 degree temperatures overnight . The next day I felt the battery and the heater and they were not any warmer than the ambiant temperature . The heater worked for about 5 minutes and failed .
 It worked once for me but when I plugged it in 2 months later it failed to heat . I used it to wrap a 10 gallon propane tank . The was no excessive folding ... not like a battery with corners . Needless to say I 'm not buying another one .
 This item failed after a week . Unfortunately , I did wait a month to notify amazon and it was too late . This item should not be sold if it has no warranty and no opportunity for replacement . Bill Simons
 I purchased two of these units to wrap around my shallow well pump to protect it from the rare , but sometime severe , freezes we get in North Florida . Both units were installed around my pump with a quilt for cover and a sheet of plastic on top of the quilt . By the third night , both units had failed to heat . I understand this is not the intended use but they still failed to heat more than three days .
 The image displays numerals 0-9 and the description of the product descibes a `` 3 '' pack . but ` N-Stule 5 '' Numbers - 3 / Black ' is a 3 pack of the numeral `` 3 . `` I misread the product name as describing the 3-pack not that this product was only the number 3 .
 I bought expensive coverking products for my car thinking they would fit and match . After all , there are only 3 different interior colors for my year . Boy , was I wrong . The color was waaaay off . So bad that it just looked ridiculous . I sent it back , and not only did I have to pay shipping to me and shipping back , they had the nerve to charge me a 15 % restocking fee for finding out that their product is stupidly off color . DO NOT BUY from this company unless you have seen the color in a retail store somewhere .
 Very disappointed . Seemed easy to use . Used it to apply polish to car - worked well.But in first wash , seams opened up.Returning to Amazon seems straightforward .
 The combination of a terry towel and a sponge is genius because you get the uniform pressure of a sponge with the softness of a terry towel . I used the applicators one time , then washed them in the washing machine as directed , and one of applicators came apart at the seams .
 It was too short on the end that was near the firewall . When i placed it in the valvecover it would retract out . I kept having to stretch it and place it back in . I installed it anyway because my oem was trash . Leaked oil onto my header/turbo and smoke ensued . Not even going to bother with the passenger side.Purchased a Beck/Arnley and it fit perfectly .
 The product shipment was unsatifactory . It arrived with a truck witn no lift gate and only a driver . I had to hire three people to bring the generator down the truck . Next , the assembly instructions were not adequate , parts were missing and there were rwo broken parts on the frame .
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 The picture makes the bezel look silver and it 's not . Ca n't ch age it either . Amazon did the right thing and gave me my money back though .
 I had been excited when I ordered the helmet because I had been looking for a blue helmet that would fit my small head . I had tried on a black XXS in this same helmet in my local bike shop , so I was sure this helmet would fit . Instead , it was HUGE when I put it on , at least 2 sizes larger than a XXS even though there was a tag inside saying it was a XXS . I contacted the seller and told him what happened . He made me pay for both his shipping costs and mine when I sent it back , I lost about half the cost of the helmet in this deal when the problem was not something I had done or could control . I wanted the helmet , but I wanted one that would fit . I had hoped the seller would check the helmet size and realize I was speaking the truth , but it was not to be . I was disappointed in both the sizing of the helmet and the seller in this purchase .
 It doesnt seal properly , use a K&N HA-0502 . Its miss marketed by a lot of sellers as a suitable replacement .
 If you are purchasing this for your mower , do NOT buy ! This will cause damage to your carb and then you are out some real money . There is a reason the manufacturers use the blue foam to seal this to the carb . This one has a hard plastic around it that DOES NOT SEAL ! Smaller particles will get into the carb and destroy it . DO NOT BUY !!!!!
 The K&N filter for the honda metropolitan does not work , it provides too much air flow causing too lean an air/fuel mix and the engine bogs when you try to accelerate . If you want to use this filter you must tune the carburetor with larger pilot and main jets . I am returning the K&N filter and buying the Honda OEM air filter .
 I was very excited when I ordered this ... that is until I opened the box . I ordered size XS . Not only was it short , the sleeves were short too , and it was very boxy like a man 's jacket . Not suited for a slim woman 's body . It had a small hole and no tags attached leading me to believe it was possibly used or previously returned . The jacket looked cheap which just goes to show that you get what you pay for . I sent it back immediately .
 I often prefer to shop with Amazon when compared to other online alternatives , however for this item , I was quite disappointed that Amazon does not include an adequate description of the item . Specifically it is difficult to confirm exactly what is included with this purchase because the generic description provided for both the front and back seats . Since I wanted to only purchase front seats , it was too difficult to confirm which one to purchase , so I found it elsewhere online . Too bad , Amazon missed out on my business this time . The lack of a phone number to call and confirm product details also does not bode well for Amazon .
 This is Not the Original Design Brass Heater Core , as pictured . It is made of Aluminum , and the core is similar to a cross flow radiator , tubes with fins , and the end bells are different . It will Fit , but it 's not original design . Mine had 2 damaged tubes , small dents . I returned it . Bill
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 Item did not fit into the housing , mounting bracket too wide . Lower tube 1 '' too short ! Leaks ! Poor quality re-pro item . We all know what I have to go through to take this back out of a 1969 Road Runner . Someone should pay me for the several hours of my labor to replace this .
 Got the run around . Over three weeks since I returned the item that did not fit . Still have n't received my refund yet ... even though they said to wait 14 business days which it has been . Very disappointing because they had such good reviews I trusted them . Would not recommend them .
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 The picture is of the rear seat but the product sent to us is the front seats ! Fabric is great but did n't try to put it on b/c we do n't need the front seat covers .
 I received the part promptly and packaged well . I installed the component in the vehicle and it worked for about a week before it failed . It appears there is a rubber seal in the discharge of the pump that should seal around the discharge line from the fuel pump and this seal popped out of place for some reason after about a week of being in service . After that , the seal would not remain in place.I purchased a replacement fuel pump from O'Rielly 's and replaced this pump .
 Got it for my brother . shipped in a well amount of time and was well made . awesome ! he enjoyed it
 The product has a major flaw that can be easily remedied . The hooks have a high tendency to fall off . However , if you pinch them shut it does do well .
 The bungee cargo net did not come with 6 hooks like in the photo and therefore it was pretty useless because you could n't attach it to any basket or even the bike . It was useless and the quality was mediocre .
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 I install the return hose for the power steering and at first it was working properly , but after driving the vehicle for 25 minutes I had lost of power steering and fluid leaking . What happen was the pressed fitting from the manufacturer gave -LRB- hose to metal tubing -RRB- and caused a big time fluid lost and the engine was cover with the fluid . This could of been a very dangerous driving situation but I was able to park and had tools and clamps to repair the assembly after removal and reinstall as a modified assembly with new fluid . This was a close call . I had expected better quality from a major hose manufacturer and seller.Sincerely a very unhappy customer .
 I could not believe it when I opened the Amazon box for this item . What I received was a `` Help ! '' brand bolt and spring kit rather than a Dorman . The top of the plastic was ripped the the bolt was n't even in the packaging . The packaging itself has scotch tape wrapped around it to hold the plastic to the cardboard backing . Amazon was even nice enough to put two staples at the bottom for added support . The date on the back of this item is January 1994 ! I ca n't believe that someone at Amazon actually had the stones to put this item in a box to ship . I might expect this from a third-party seller but not from Amazon . Please see the photos I uploaded for proof . What gives !?!?!
 I can not fairly rate this , because I ordered the wrong thing . I needed yellow tape and thought this would work . I had no clue what PVC tape was ! Sorry .
 well ive ordered several mats for diffrent rides ive owned along the way ... first coming to mind was a 96 saturn sc2 . . paid like 60 $ from saturn for there trunk mat it was 1000 times better then this ... nice thick rubber mat with nice raised edges `` lip '' . . i wanted this cause occasionly i carry gas cans for the boat in my suburban and with the vent tubes opened it can seap gas from time to time . . this thing is THIN and barely any lip id say 1/4 '' not impressed for 80 $ if a quart of milk leaked it wouldnt even hold that while driving !
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 The Tri-Flow Superior Lubricant may be `` superior '' but the product arrived broken so I had no way of testing it
 I bought it for my bike sometimes it has strange noise in chain and other parts , but when u use it . it does n't stop sound of noise : \
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Cutting steel fence posts and EMT these blades dull very quickly . My old Milwaukee blades lasted much longer and would cut 4-5 times as much material as these sawzall blades . The Lenox do n't work any better and I would not mind paying more to get blades that would last and not need to be changed frequently .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 After installing the system I tried the lights for the first time . I heard a spark and was horified to see smoke coming from under the hood . The wiring to one of the lights had burned.From the unburned wiring to the other light I ascertained the spade-bullet connector adapter insulation at the end of the wire did not fully cover the metal connector . Of course the tiny part of the crimped connector found ground and ` poof ' . This resulted in the positive and negative wire insulation burning all the way to the bulb inside the light housing . The light housing is no longer waterproof . The 15 amp fuse protects both sets of the wiring so the fuse did n't blow . I would recommend taping or even removing the connector and using a butt-end connector sealed in shrink wrap insulation before installing the system.The kicker was in the parts box . There was a piece of paper advertising a wiring harness upgrade-PL-HARN3 which use of would result in 30 % -60 % better lighting.Installation tips : When I installed the lights I used a 1/4 '' drill bit to cut out the factory plugs in the bumper . I drilled around the plastic then used the side of the drill to connect the holes . I used this drill to smooth out the edges too . This worked well so I did n't need to buy a 4 '' hole saw.To access the lighting switch on my 1999 Dakota I only needed to gently pry off the bezel covering the light switch . Three screws held the light switch in place . I pulled the light switch forward to access the black wire with the yellow stripe which was the top left wire on the back of the light switch . I referred to a Haynes manual for the color of the parking light wire . Yours might be different .
 Dash cover was of pretty good quality but the fit for 95 Bonneville Pontiac was an awful fit . It needed to be at least one and 0ne half inches larger especially along the front edge . Sides were a short fit . Cut outs were fair fit . Sun can blister and crack exposed area . Back to the old towel to cover the dash .
 The product was as described , however I ended up with 2 0f the same thing as I needed it sooner . All I received from seller is a sorry we screwed up . Somewhere along the line when you take a month to ship something you should at least refund the shipping . JMO
 EGR 642421 WindowVisors Dark Smoke 4-Piece Window VisorsThis product was returned for the following reasons .1 . Picture showed this product installed on a 4 door pick up when it was actually for a Quad cab .2 . The front door parts were for the same door .
 These lug nuts have a stainles steel cover over a steel lug nut . It makes them too big for the lug wrench in your car , one visit for inspection and the garage wrecked half of the nuts with an air impact wrench . the stainless covers warped and loosened . I can not get a wrench on them to change them . I am not a happy guy .
 I returned it ... . just a regular lug nut with a cheep stainless cap over nut !
 I bought this battery mainly to power my portable fridge for camping at night when the car is not running . During the day , I plug my fridge into the 12v outlet in the back of my Honda Element . Anyway , this battery has been plugged into the wall outlet at home for over a week now . For some reason , the needle on the dial gauge can only go as far as 13.5 mark which is kind of in the middle of the `` Ready to use '' green area . The highest mark is 15 amps . This tells me the battery can not be fully charged to its capacity .
 It is too big for my car . Luckily my moms a seamstress and she can alter it but amazon is so deceiving . They said that it can fit .
 Although in the picture it looks nice , the leather is actually very cheap and very thin . I does n't seem like it will hold up for long . The metal parts are nice , but the leather is of too cheap quality . I might just have it re-wrapped .
 It showed up and it was worn on the sides by the package ... . disappointed ... The one star was a gift ...
 Item arrived looking used.The metal ring at the base of the knob was corroded and the wood looked cheap and dried out as if it had been sitting in a sunlit display window for many years.Unpleasantly rough to the touch , it looks more like the end of a very cheap paper towel rack than an accessory for someone 's cherished automobile.Really , the single poorest item I have ever bought from any on-line retailer.It 's inexpensive , but not a bargain . A waste of money . AVOID !!
 this thing sux it only has one screw and when thighten up it shifts and moves around dose not hold on tight
 Old stock.I sent it back Amazon was quick to credit my account.Happy with service from Amazon on this order
 I just bought this and it 's awful ! It 's not finished , it 's very rough . It gives me slivers . I HATE IT !!!
 Looks cheap -LRB- wood is not impressive at all ; a much lighter color , and looks nothing like it does in the picture -RRB- , looks used , and dirty . Very disappointing
 I bought this filter to use on my wife 's motorcycle . I had previously purchased the one with the multi-sized adapters as I was n't exactly sure of the fuel line size on her bike . That was my first mistake as two of the adapters -LRB- both plastic -RRB- sheared-off when I tightened them into the filter body . That one went right in the trash.So I decided to try the one with the built-in nipples . The build quality is fine and I like the design , but I just could not stop this thing from leaking , no matter what I did . It leaked from both ends at the fuel line joints . No matter what I did I could not stop the joints from leaking . I tried everything from safety wire to pipe clamps to other types of clips to no avail.Eventually I just got so frustrated with it , it went in the trash and I replaced the whole thing with a new fuel line and a new filter that went inside the tank!My other beef with this product is it did not come with the 4 chrome hose clips or the two pieces of hose it claims to come with in the product description and photo . I should have demanded a refund but for $ 15 I figured it just was n't worth the hassle .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 this picture shows a 14 tooth sprocket and the discription says it is a 13 tooth front sprocket i ordered it hoping its a 13 tooth attention return department
 looks nothing like the picture , which could possibly be wood . what arrived was a wood facsimile with wood grain printed upon it
 Loved the idea of this product and the light is big and bright however the clip does not stay attached to your ears . I 've tried it on several different people , man , woman , child and the clip is HUGE and does n't stay put so it is constantly falling off your ear . I followed instructions , had others try to figure it out , it just does n't work .
 The coil itself works fine BUT , it does not come with `` Supplied with 0.8 ohm ballast resistor , terminal and boot '' like Amazon says it does . Which sucks , because now I have to order those parts seperately and wait longer to get my car running . If you need the ballast resistor , terminal and boot , order theMSD Ignition 8203 Blaster 2 Hi-Performance Coil , which includes them . Amazon , you really should change your description to match what the product comes with .
 purchased this dash mat for my 2003 camry le , not only did it not fit at all , it was obviously made for another model of car , as the holes did not match up.the outside of the box it was shipped in had a sticker for camry 's 2002-2006 , i had to go through the hassle of returning it and now i 'm stuck with part of the return shipping because amazon only pays up to $ 6.00 to return ship , and i had to pay $ 10 , i 'm very angry at this seller , beware !
 I bought this K&N air filter last year and have sinced cleaned it once and used it approximately 40,000 miles . I took it out to clean it for the second time and much to my displeasure found that the filter element was separated from the rubber surround in a few places . This means that unfiltered air was getting into my engine for how long I have no idea . I did email K&N directly a couple of times and they never returned my emails . I would have been happy with getting at least 100,000 miles out of this but for this price it 's a piece of junk . To all the K&N fans who will probably question what I 'm telling , yes I did get the K&N cleaning kit and yes I did follow the instructions to the `` T '' . I bet many more filters out there are failing but people just do n't realize it . I will never buy another K&N product again .
 I have purchased two of these WARN 7601 Ratchet Disc , for the WARN M8274 winch . The first time I bought one I actually received the correct item that matches the description but not the picture . The second time I bought one I received the item in the picture which is not a WARN Part number 7601 Ratchet Disc . I have returned the incorrect item with no issues as far as I can tell.Whoever has this listed should police the ads and make sure the description matches the item that is being sold .
 The Velcro on these little blocks really would n't attach to my cargo mat liner . Maybe it 's just me , but the reality did n't meet my expectations .
 well over all the product was ok . The problem was they did not include a very important bolt with it . and then the brackets for the side of the front bumper wouldnt work so I now have to take it to a shop and have them make it work some how . besides the missing bolt and the brackets the kit was fine . not to mention the price for shipping was a little expensive for the time frame that it took to get to me but what can you do
 Bottom Line
 I bought this hoping to save a little money over the PROHEAT heater . Big mistake . This heater has no PSA or ALUMINUM backing on it . I have two other PROHEAT heaters on other vehicles and they work great , down to -40 F I do not recommend the Kats for engine heating , way too hard to put on . I do recmommend the PROHEAT pads . I have a model 512 CSA and a 154 CSA and now I am buying another 512 for my pickup
 I cleaned up the paint on top of the boiler tank -LRB- 180 degree water inside -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- and installed the heating pad per the directions . -LSB- ... -RSB- It seemed to be doing the job at first , but when left runningfor 24/7 , it started to smell bad , turned brown and seemed to be cracking and melting.I could see the out-line of the heater wires inside the pad.After all the deterioration , they were started to stick out of the pada little too much for me . I feared they might become exposedand allow for contact with the 120vac . -LRB- Shock hazard -RRB- . I covered the top of the pad with a high quality siliconliquid engine gasket sealer and tried using itat a lower duty cycle . 1/2 hour on and 1/2 hour off , did n't get me the BTUs that I wanted . But , no burning smell . . The reply I received from the manufacture , info@fivestarmanufacturing.comsaid that ` Engineering ' would contact me . That was back in March 22 , 2010 . Still have not heard anything from them.If you plan to use this product in an insulated area , -LRB- where heat can radiate off the top easily -RRB- , I would not recommend running it 24/7 , unlessyou have it on a GFI socket and a smoke detector near by.Cheers , Rich
 Nice product , installation instructions were easy to follow , however , installing the red cap was extremely difficult and virtually impossible to remove without the help of something to help wedge it free . Used some lubrication on the red cap locking fingers , applied it with much effort , but it was sill very difficult to remove ... took about 10 minutes to get it off . So , I just let it sit on the hub . Conversely , the steering wheel is easily removed/installed . Beware of the warranty . . they do not exactly stand behind their product
 I ordered the Dashmat under the premise that it was an easy install , being mechanically retarded this appealed to me ... lol ... I 'm sure it would have been easier had the velcro that came with it actually stuck to the dash . I did what the instructions said , clean the dash thoroughly with a mild solution , NO Armoral , my dash had n't seen Armoral in 10 years in fact . So after fighting , sweating , and swearing over the non-sticky velcro I found myself at the auto store looking for industrial strength velcro . After about 2 hours I had it installed .
 we ordered 6 of these . 5 would not hold air when we aired them up . tubes were leaking from the word go . they were stacked and wrapped with plastic wrap in batches of 3 and thats how they were shipped . that resulted in 4 of them having been beat up in transport making them out of round '' wobbly '' when we mounted them up ... dissapointed is being nice .
 I suppose you get what you pay for . I ordered two wheels , and one was DOA -- it would not hold air at all . I had to get a replacement inner tube . Both had significant wobble -- as much as 1/2 inch -- which means that if your cart tolerances are tight it will rub on the sides.Update
 I bought these for my dog buggy so I could mount extra wide tires . The rims are 1.375 '' -LRB- outside dimension -RRB- and were able to seat 3 '' wide tires , so they gave me what I needed . However these really are cheap and nasty wheels . The bearings grate and wobble , the spokes were all loose , some of the spoke nipples were n't even finger tight . One rim was slightly dented . The tires looked okay , quite smart actually-until I tried taking them off . They were almost impossible to remove . I broke two tire levers getting the first tire off , ended up cutting the second tire off ! The wire bead on the tire was massive , thickest I 've ever seen . Do n't ever have a puncture with the original tires on ! Still after tightening up the spokes and replacing the tires the wheels work okay -LRB- ish -RRB- , -LRB- but I would n't want to use them on a bike -RRB- .
 The fiber ring in the kit is manufactured so poorly as to be completely incompatible with the steering wheel and horn -LRB- also from Grant -RRB- . The fiber ring has notches for the horn button that are too poorly aligned to fit and the fiber ring is too wide to sit far enough back in the horn . This makes the horn button impossible to attach . I recommend a different product if you need a replacement wheel .
 I bought this keychain thinking it would be a cute little gift for my boyfriend who is in love with Toy Story . I bought him one before from the Disney store and it ended breaking by the chain . Then I saw this one and thought this was better quality and might last longer . Boy was I wrong . He dropped his keys by accident and next thing we know the keychain completely falls apart . It was replaceable but it ended up breaking within 2 weeks .
 I was looking forward to trying this wax after the good reviews . Some reviews did warn about streaking so I was extra careful in the process of applying the wax . In a well lighted garage I could see no streaks after I applied the wax . Then I saw my car in the sunlight . Horrible streaking that would not disappear with a little `` reapplication . '' I had to rewash the car with Dawn to remove the wax . A little streaking still shows because of the silicon in the product . Short story , there is no short-cut to the time and elbow grease for a good paste or liquid wax .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 Not very good at blocking out sun . If you want it for looks that 's about the only benefit . With a clean window and all it always seemed to come off .
 Iam really very feeling very bad for this order for the first time with amazon the brake pad i receive is not for the car i need well they are clever they write the same number on the packed but when i opened it was something , i ordered i brake pad for Toyota land cruiser 2006 for the rear and driver and they send me a green and blue packet and was not nice to see its only the color what inside is the same pads small pads i even do n't know for kind of car its even not like the pads appear in the photos ... my advise is think twice before buying from this company
 We received a sample of astroglide with a sex-toy purchase some time ago and loved it , so we were looking forward to getting a full size bottle . To be fair , the sample was not the gel , it was the liquid . This is the first -LRB- and will be only -RRB- time we 've used a gel type lube , and it does n't stay lubed very long . It dries up way too fast to be useful , because stopping every minute or two to relube is a mood killer at best .
 I ` ve always used KY and decided to try Astroglide based on the great reviewsand due to the fact that it was also cheaper.Long story short , this product is WAY TOO THICK ... I ` m talking `` hair gel '' thickthis would n't be such a problem if the product performed as advertised , howeverafter a couple of minutes it starts to get sticky and you need to use more and moreto keep it `` moist '' and definitely stops being pleasurable.In addition to this , its a pain to clean up afterwards , anywhere its been appliedand if for some reason you fail to remove all of the product it starts to get itchyspecially on `` skin on skin '' areas where the gel is present -LRB- e.g. base of the penis/top of the scrotum -RRB- . I keep using it because I now know what to expect but I frankly cant wait for thetube to run out . It wont take long since I have to use SO much for it to perform close towhat it should do , meaning that 4 oz of Astroglide are the equivalent of maybe 1 oz of KY soin the end it ends up being more expensive.Bottom line , if you 're looking for a water based lubricant that performs as closely to natural lubricationas possible this definitely is n't it .
 I have heard good things about this , ca n't say I enjoyed it ... A bit too sticky , as I find with alot of others .
 The Astroglide gel is very thick compared to the Astroglide liquid that we 've used in the past . I bought it because I thought I 'd try something new and the gel idea appealed to me because sometimes some of the liquid gets lost or spilled between dispensing onto the hand and traveling to the target area , or simply drips off or spreads too far after application . The gel seemed like it would be a little more controlled product with less cleanup afterward.After one use I would say the gel is too thick for manual stimulation where a silky smoothness is desired . Instead of creating a slippery effect , there was a feeling of the thickness and almost tackiness of the gel . This might be OK for use with toys or other activities , but it was just too thick to achieve the right gentle touch during manual stimulation that we desired.Also , cleanup afterward required a little more water and a few more wipes due to the thickness of the coating .
 Low quality gasket stick to factory stainless gaskets , I reused factory gaskets these look like a leak ready to happen .
 I made the mistake of going cheap on rear shock mounts and bought these . RSM 's on e36 's are prone to fail and absolutely wreck shock towers causing thousands of dollars in damage ; the simple maintenance of replacing the RSM 's prevent this . These shock mounts are cheap , light , and the little rubber balls break off easy . Buy some Ground Controls and do n't be disappointed .
 After waiting 2 weeks AC Direct cancel the order and stated they can no longer get this item .
 I ordered a dash mat for a 2002 Dodge Dakota . . In reviewing my order , I ordered the correct year . But received 2005 to 2007 dash mat . I am in the process of returning it . This was a Christmas gift for my husband . In fear of this happening again , we will purchase it locally .
 thought I was getting what the pic showed which is same as original instead they send me a universal witch I could have got at any old auto parts store cheaper . would return it but would cost more than its worth .
 CAUTION ! you do not get what you see in the picture ! They give you a generic metallic one in an ACDelco box , but who knows if it is even an ACDelco part . .
 Got the part today and its the right sprocket but not the `` Ultralight '' version shown as the product picture . It does n't have the six large holes in it . I seriously do n't feel like having the hassle of sending it back so I 'm just settling for the heavy one . Not cool guys .
 I bought this filter hoping to have improved fuel consumption on my 2001 Toyota Sienna . I have not seen any changes in fuel consumption nor increase in horse power . I will save money on having to purchase a new filter every 15000 miles and thus save landfill space .
 K&N 33-2145-1 High Performance Replacement Air Filter . The filter is wet and soaked in with what appear to be transmission fluid .
 The part shown in the picture and according to the description should fit a 2 wheel drive vehicle . However , the part we got is for a 4 wheel drive vehicle . This needs to be corrected in the search engine used .
 Returned the item as it was defective . The outer stainless steel braid is very flimsy and loose fittingover the very large outside diameter rubber hose . Th OD of this is disproportionately large compared to the ID . -LRB- I did n't measure it because it only took only one look to tell it was not a winner and was defective . -RRB- The outer braid was damaged before it was put in the manufacturers sealed plastic bag . Sorry , I do n't recommend .
 The ad displays a strut mount and states STRUT MOUNT w/BEARING for $ 20.16 . I ordered 2 units . When I received the order there where only 2 bearings and no strut mounts.The presentation of the product is totally misleading and should be removed by Amazon .
 I 've seen these and they are the most impractical novelty scraper I 've ever seen , at least if you live anywhere with a tangible winter season.First and foremost I am assuming the outrageous price is because they -LRB- hopefully -RRB- stopped making these - I ca n't believe anyone would be misguided enough to purchase a $ 2 scraper with what amounts to an $ 80 single-purpose sleeve.Second , the sleeve . If you live anywhere that requires scraping your vehicle windows enough times a year to require you to OWN a scraper , I would also assume you owned GLOVES . If for some bizarre reason I forgot my gloves , I could always use my sleeve to protect my hand while scraping the windows . I can understand the novelty of having a sleeve already on the scraper but I 'd think that if I were normally wearing gloves -LRB- which I am - hello , Alaska -RRB- this would just make it harder to use the scraper and just in general I think having a bulky sleeve around the scraper would take up more room in the glove box than it is worth.Lastly , I can not get over how much I dislike the Hopkins design of scraper . They seem to be the only thing going so most people are saddled with them no matter what kind of scraper they buy . I 've used a wide variety of plastic-bladed scrapers in my time and plastic simply does n't cut it . If the vehicle is cold , the scraper just erodes away the ice in layers , requiring a lot of muscle or repetitive scraping over the same area . So normally you 've really got ta warm up your vehicle first , which starts melting the ice a bit , creating a layer of water between the glass and the ice . The plastic then pushes the ice off the window . But you get down into colder temperatures and you 're wasting a lot of fuel warming your vehicle up to that point.Instead I heartily suggest theCJ Industries F101 Fantastic Ice Scraper with Brass Blade . Brass is softer than glass and wo n't scratch it and they generally get right under the ice and actually SCRAPES IT OFF , even in colder temperatures . It is n't perfect , but its a darn sight better than a plastic blade and a lot more practical than a flimsy scraper with its own bulky blanket .
 Be careful when you order this ice scraper . The picture is a nice blue color with no note that what you see may not be what you get . Military green was definitely not what was advertised !!!! UGLY - good thing it is just an icescraper !!!
 Ordered this for my son to use and was happy about the low cost , but of course , it is junk . Shopped later at local mall and realized that I could have gotten a much better , higher quality scraper for same or less money .
 I ordered 3 of these scrapers . When received , 2 were absolutely filthy -LRB- and one of these was broken -RRB- and the third was defective -LRB- the mitt was stitched completely wrong -RRB- . Beware ...
 If you are looking at the picture and thinking you will get the doughnut gasket that goes between the exhaust manifold and front pipe ... this ai n't it . The one you will get is nothing like the picture here .
 The pins included with the tool are junk . When holding the crank pulley and just pretightening the bolt to 100ft/lbs the pin snapped off.Yeah you could just bolt the tool to the pulley but really I got this with the intent of avoiding bolts and using the pins - which apparently can not survive the torque that is needed to fasten and remove crank pulleys . The tool will work without issues when bolted down using some grade 8 bolts , but the provided pins are not up to the task of holding down a crank pulley which will always require high torque.In the end , if you got to go out and buy additional bolts to make this tool usable , you might as well buy 2 bars of steel and 3 bolts instead of 2 to make this very same tool for a fraction of the cost.This tool is being sent back .
 Installed new shocks for the rear of my 1999 Toyota Sienna van ; bought these boots to protect my investment but 2 weeks after installation , upon inspection found both boots to be torn . I am driving only on city highways and suburban streets but could not figure out how it was damaged like that . Will try to call for a refund or replacement but I would NOT recommend buying it based on their advertisement `` Made from bright , durable rubber to maintain color and looks in grueling conditions '' ... It just does n't meet what it promises to be .
 We bought two dashmats on Amazon for two different cars . The other one was so badly done we had to send it back . This one only had one flaw , a silly 1 `` x6 '' flap that was mis-sewn and hung wrong . No matter how long you let it sit , it would never look right . We folded it under and now the dashmat looks ok . Maybe cut it off someday and resew the piping to make it look like a professional job.As I 've said in another review , Dashmat products we ordered on Amazon do n't seem to be the quality they once were . I 'm looking at other brands from now on .
 We bought two dashmats on Amazon for two different cars . The other one was so badly done we had to send it back . This one only had one flaw , a silly 1 `` x6 '' flap that was mis-sewn and hung wrong . No matter how long you let it sit , it would never look right . We folded it under and now the dashmat looks ok . Maybe cut it off someday and resew the piping to make it look like a professional job.As I 've said in another review , Dashmat products we ordered on Amazon do n't seem to be the quality they once were . I 'm looking at other brands from now on .
 The walker exhaust gasket # 31519 IS shown wrong in the picture . The gasket they show is the one between manifold and exhaust pipe , but # 31519 is the gasket between exhaust pipe and convertor
 The gasket in the picture looks like a `` donut '' gasket that seals the pipe to the manifold . The gasket you will receive will be a flat gasket that goes between the front of the catalytic converter and the pipe that comes from the engine . Beware
 Consider this
 The top bulb harness fit in nice and tight , but the bottom harness is very loose , . Im worried that in a few months , the reverse light harness will fall right out , or moisture will get in , . I checked the rubber seal on the harness and that seems fine . I might just glue it in with removable silicone . Other than that , it was a 1 minute job to get the tail light replaced .
 Kind of PO'ed . Picture shows a can , but it is not included . Changes the value of the system .
 SENT THE WRONG ONE-RETURNED IT - FOUND IT CHEAPER AT A DIFFERENT WEB SITE-GOT THE SAME BRAND -LRB- DASHMAT -RRB- OTHER SITE WORKS GREAT NO PROBLEMS
 I ordered one of these for my subaru - did n't even come CLOSE to fitting properly . It 's the usual cheap automotive grade carpet as well . Avoid and get something you can see in person and make sure fits .
 It was a very easy install on my Hummer H3 , but it was way too sensitive and there were so many false alarms , I took it off .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 This product is very hard to install and instructions are not clear . Spent days on end trying to get it hooked up right . I would recommend going with the cycle country plows . They are more durable and not as many moving parts to make work .
 I can not comment on the the quality of the product because I never used the product . The advertisement of this product was unclear . I thought I was ordering a snow plow , but it turned out it was only the handle mechanism .
 i like the cover but the center part of the cover next to the cab will not stay hooked . this part of the cover does not have snaps . i sent lund a email but heard nothing from lund . i do not recommend this cover
 Purchased this system in March of 04 and the tail pipe already has a hole in it . I 've attempted to work many times with Dynomax/Walker Muffler and they say only the muffler is under warranty , what a waste . The safe and sound warranty not worth much to me , look somewhere else for your tahoe exhaust.Regards , Disappointed
 Nothing about this inverter works as it should , the fan runs constantly if on and it pulls over 20 amps , I could cool the car engine with 20 amps , The unit overheats and shuts off , after 5 minutes , with something as simple as a cellphone charger . And I 've tried 3 different cellphones , JUNK
 I bought this product to power my son 's playstation while on long trips . After two hours the inverter shut down . I check the fuses on the inverter and they were good . It blew the vehicle 's fuses . I bypassed the fuse box and hooked the inverter directly up to the main battery . The unit quickly blew the 30A fuse on the case . The case has a an internal short . This thing is a waste of money . When this product failed with on 4 hours of use , I highly recommend that you find another product . THis thing is JUNK .
 I was extremely disappointed to fing that this intake system was missing parts . It will work fine if it had all the parts . I would be happy with it and would like to keep it and install it . It is missing part `` k '' , which is the adapter from the mass air sensor to the air filter . And all they will let me do is send it back and get a refund . Cant you just send me the missing part ? and possibly give me a credit for this rediculous service and hassle ? I was beginning to become very fond of amazon and online buying until now . I will not buy online again .
 Waste of time add said it fit dodge trucks and it was n't even close . had to fight to get money back
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 the picture lies its not a full bra its a small hood protector and it cost more then a full bra BAD BAD CHOICE
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Purchased these both for my car -LRB- 4runner -RRB- and my wife 's car -LRB- sienna -RRB- . Taking extra care not to use the wipers when the windshield was dry or icy they started streaking after only a few weeks . On my wife 's car the aerodynamics of the blade actually sucked water back onto the windshield on the return stroke , directly in front of the driver 's view . I kept trying to remember if it did that before I installed these but was n't sure . I have since returned to another brand and the problem is gone .
 i bought this for my h3 , it said it was for an H3 but it does not fit . dont buy for an h3 .
 I ordered this vehicle speed sensor for 1999 Mercury Villager . Amazon.com webpage said it would fit but sensor that was shipped was , physically , smaller in diameter and would fit into transmission .
 i had the wrong spark plug cables for mi sidekick the cabkes didnt look like the ones from the picture ...
 I put these on my 05 F-150 a few months ago and about a week there after I drove 3 days from Texas to Virginia and one of those days I experienced an insane amount of rain non-stop for 12hrs . My driver side blade -LRB- 420a -RRB- are ok in the lower and middle portions of the blade but streak very much at the top . The passenger side -LRB- 420b -RRB- simply jusy streaks . I 'm not sure what 's so great about these wiper blades besides to locking mechanism but I think my OEM ones were honestly better . It sucks becuase this product got such good reviews and it 's hard to believe out of all the good ones I 'm the guy giving it a low rating . I will probably try the Rain-X ones next and just save these for a backup .
 My wipers were starting to die so I decided to go all out and buy nice new ones for my car . Read lots of really good reviews so I decided to get these top of the line Bosch Icon wiper blades . I disregarded the poor reviews because of all the good ones out there . Bad mistake.They worked wonderfully for about a month and then the drivers side started to streak . Not too long after the passengers side started to streak . Decided not to make a big deal out of it so I got the drivers side replaced and left the streaky passengers side . Worked again for about a week and while driving in a big rain storm the drivers side is streaking very poorly again . Just got both sides replaced again.Whats bad is that these steak in really fine lines so they are really distracting.When these die out I 'll just get the cheapo inserts again . Maybe I just got bad batches but I 'm not going to deal with these again .
 Bosch 420A ICON Wiper Blade , 20 &#34; -LRB- Pack of 1 -RRB- when new they worked . But for the cost of these blades they should last more then a few months NOT HAPPY
 I have spent nearly an hour trying to figure out what is the difference between the Models `` A '' & `` B '' . The descriptions offer NO HELP and the Bosch website offers no help.After reviewing which model fits which one of my 2 cars , I figured out the `` A '' means DRIVER SIDE and the `` B '' means PASSENGER side.Whoever made up the model numbers and instead of using `` D '' for the DRIVER Side and `` P '' for the PASSENGER sideshould be in shipping instead of marketing.The products may be good , but from a Company that ca n't figure out how to make the buyer 's life easy , I went with another similar product from MICHELIN , with the same features for 1/2 the price and they work great.So much for famous German engineering ...
 These wipers did n't last a year . They wiper compound did not stand up to the cold . The wipers started making horrible noises and caused streaks on my windshield .
 I loved these when they were new , but now that I 've had them for a while -LRB- ~ 6 months , purchased May 10th , today is Dec 6th of the same year -RRB- , they began to streak really bad . I mean so bad that I need to replace them already.I have them on a Honda Civic.I read many reviews saying the same thing I 'm saying ... they suggested Rain-X for the wind shield , so I got some of that and it helped , but streaks are still very apparent . It indeed makes it difficult to drive in the rain because the view is not clear . The streaks are evenly spaced along the whole length of the wiper . I thought maybe they were dirty . After cleaning them down , there was no improvement . Also , the streaking is on both blades . So it is n't like I got a single bad blade . The rubber must be going bad , which is incredibly disappointing for the price I paid for them . $ 5 blades from walmart last longer ... but they lift off the window at 70 + MPH ! These will stay on the window ... I do give them that.I 'm going to try the Bosche Evolution blades next . They are cheaper and do n't have `` fx dual rubber technology '' -LRB- whatever that really means -RRB- ... but maybe they will indeed last longer.I can not recommend these blades .
 2007 Honda Odyssey in Syracuse , NY . I bought these when they were on sale and I had a rebate which ultimately made them 2-for-1 cost . At full price , I would have been resoundingly disappointed . The driver side wiper never makes complete contact with the windshield at slower speeds . From what I have read in hindsight , this is not uncommon . Would definitely buy the less expensive wiper blades and save the premium price .
 Going by the reviews I figured these blades had to be the best on the market . Next time I 'll just get some decent ones from Walmart or something ... The first time I used them I noticed one pin-line along the wipe . I figured it picked up some dirt or something so I washed off my windshield then cleaned the blades with a damp cloth . Next time it rained , I saw another streak or two . Benefit of the doubt , I cleaned it all up once more . Today , I saw a good 10 lines alone where it wiped . Realize the car sits in a garage and any dirt is from the road . I am thoroughly disappointed in these . I do n't feel I 'm expecting too much , just something that leaves the glass clear !
 I was really excited to have a great pair of wipers , but these left streaks after two weels of use . Major bummer .
 Within one week of purchasing , started getting multiple streaks along the blades . Not worth buying . Very disappointed , figured if it had the Bosch name if would be a good product . Now what do I do with these things ?
 Works well , but not as powerful as claimed , I have an old cheapie from harbor freight with 250 lbs of torque , this porter cable is no more powerful than it is .
 I bought this tool new and very dissapointed in it 's performance . Rated at 400ft . lbs , no way , more like 120ft . lbs . Do n't waste you money .
 No power , no torque , you get what you pay for
 While this is probably far better made than a lot of the options that can twist a lug nut - do n't buy this if that is what you are wanting it for . I did n't realize that any impact wrenches were available that would n't turn lug nuts . Look into one with more ft/lbs of torque if that is what you need it for .
 I purchased this impact wrench in November of 2007 based on my experience with Porter Cable woodworking tools . This was a mistake.The PC impact wrench lasted me a year and half . At first the impact mechanism intermittently would n't activate when the wrench encountered torsional resistance , and would just sit there and hiss air . Then this past fall when I had to install my snow tires , the wrench 's impact mechanism flat out refused to operate . Fortunately I still had my backup X-wrench and used that instead.I purchased the Ingersoll Rand 231C instead , based on the broad quantity of positive feedback from other purchasers . The 231C is MUCH heavier than the PC impact wrench , and is a 1/2 '' drive unit . However if it operates much more reliably than the Porter Cable , then my needs will be met . The 231C is a LOT louder , but it got the job done quickly , and was as controllable as the Porter Cable .
 I ordered two of these ehaust tips from Auto Barn . There add states they will fit 1 1/2 exhaust , they will not fit a 1 1/2 exhaust . After getting return number and returning the tips to them thay refused to pay back shipping of $ 7.95 and return shipping of $ 8.68 . There add also states they will pay shipping charges if they are at fault . So it cost me $ 16.63 to learn not to buy from Auto Barn .
 I ordered it for a 2012 Dodge Charger , the Web sites -LRB- both Amazon and K&N ;-RRB- listed it as the correct part for the car , but the metal box was n't even CLOSE to the right size.Will never order a K&N ; product again . Cheaper , but useless . I 'll gladly pay double for a Mopar item next time ... because it will fit .
 The amazon selection said this would fit my 2011 chrysler 300 that I just bought . Guess what ? It doesnet . The temp sensor does not fit with this intake . the mechanic that put it in says it looks like I need temp sensor from the 2010 model to fit this . So this was a 2010 intake that was sent for the new 2011 model . Now , I have to go buy a new sensor and hope it works . This really sucks . I suggest going for a different manufacture .
 I just finished installing this product on my 2012 Charger RT Max . Fitment sucked ! The brackets dont fit very well , and the whole setup feels very cheap . The box the air filter sits in is placed at a different angle than the air tube enters , so you have to cock the filter on the tube so it doesnt rub up against the core support . The airbox WAS NOT specifically designed for the charger underhood compartment , as it leaves huge open gaps under the box . I was surprised when I first researched this product and it is the same part number as the challenger and the 300 series . Well it might fit one of the other models well , but it fits very poorly on the charger . oh and the box sits extremely close to an AC line , so if it shows the slightest rub , It is coming off !!! Since it is already installed , I will leave it awhile and see if it actually increases HP and MPG as advertised . I now see why it is priced at half the cost of the Mopar cold air kit . If I had it to do over again , I would stick with the stock box until I could afford the Mopar kit . Oh well , I hope this review helps with your decision and I save others from this horrible kit .
 bought for the 2012 charger R/T super road and track model . Main difference is I have paddle shifters and a 3.06 rear end instead of a 2.56 ... . however this kit is a lame excuse from K&N ; of laziness . I 'm not fully pleased with it and I 'll likely purchase another brand down the road that I 've heard fits better . this does not sit and look pretty in the car as one would expect . being a 2012 apparently means a few parts had to be adjusted since my model is n't exactly the same as the previous models.Thanks for confirming various times that this is the right one and for my model K&N ; you 're in fact rather wrong , although I adjusted it to make it look better . that 's not why I bought it , I wanted it to install and work
 Get yourself the actually manual from Chrysler ... you can get it on CD on ebay for like 35 bucks . this manual is horrible . It covers about 50 different cars ... not just 71-4 RR/GTX/Satelitte ... trust me ... dont buy it
 I check with `` does it fit your vehicle '' and it said it did , however the belt was not the same . my jeep has ac and this belt was for a jeep with out ac ! i used it anyway because -LRB- it fits if you route it not to include the ac pulley -RRB- i did not want to do the work again and the old belt was shot.their vehicle `` look up '' it faulty . do better homework !
 I 'm disappointed with this product . The arms that grab on to the pitman arm are made of low grade metal , just like the bolts and wing nuts . The picture shows all high grade metal except for the bolts and wing nuts . The only reason I kept this item was because I needed it ASAP otherwise I would have returned it .
 The clamps indicate they join two 3 '' exhaust components but they do n't . These clamps are known as lap joints and I ordered but joint connectors . They would not work in my application and had to be returned . Not sure if the error was the fault of the seller or mfg but they were worthless to me . The seller would not give me a refund and only offered me an exchange . I 'm still waiting and needless to say my exhaust rebuild is on hold due to the time they are taking and the fact they wo n't refund . I have this sinking feeling that I 'm going to get the same `` wrong '' clamps when they finally send the replacement parts . Avoid these clamps and this seller .
 Xenon light bulbs may be used to replace Halogen light bulbs in all applications . Xenon bulbs burn cooler , last for 4x as long as standard halogen , produce bright white light , and may be touched with bare hands when changing - not able to touch with bare hands when changing -
 Dayco belts are ok , and this one `` looked '' good , unfortunately it was about a foot too short for my 5.4 Liter engine that it SAID IT WOULD FIT ... so , since I have to go through all the crap of sending it back and getting another belt , it get 's a low rating . Be sure and just get the numbers off your existing belt and search for it , do n't trust the match up search .2002 Ford F150 SuperCrew Lariet 5.4 L
 I ordered this product on the description that it was a four inch drop . It is not . It is three and a quarter inch drop . It is also rated at 7500 # towing , not 6500 . The description for this is wrong .
 This item 45050 is advertised as having a 4 '' drop , but upon arrival the label confesses to only a 3.5 '' drop . I measured to confirm this fact . This is the correct item identified at multiple vendors as having a 4 '' drop , Curt just calls it by the wrong dimension - well let 's call a lie a lie.If your tow measurements can allow for 12.5 % slop , then this a well-painted , solidly-built 3.5 '' drop ball mount.Until they correct the item description/name , I 'd suggest you steer clear of Curt and try a more honest brand to get what you order .
 I ordered this product on the description that it was a four inch drop . It is not . It is three and a quarter inch drop . It is also rated at 7500 # towing , not 6500 . The description for this is wrong .
 This item 45050 is advertised as having a 4 '' drop , but upon arrival the label confesses to only a 3.5 '' drop . I measured to confirm this fact . This is the correct item identified at multiple vendors as having a 4 '' drop , Curt just calls it by the wrong dimension - well let 's call a lie a lie.If your tow measurements can allow for 12.5 % slop , then this a well-painted , solidly-built 3.5 '' drop ball mount.Until they correct the item description/name , I 'd suggest you steer clear of Curt and try a more honest brand to get what you order .
 The product came in damaged . I emailed several time and after several attempts I did get one back telling me to resend the package and only had a few days to do it . I did need this item and while waiting for a response I went to the local Target and purchased another . So I still have the broken here .
 These mats come packed in a cardboard cover and a hangar handle . They are stapled together multiple times with large holes in the mats themselves . Yes they actually put industrial staples through the mats themselves . I returned the first set only to get another set with the exact same issue . I would strongly recommend against buying this product unless you want to receive defective merchandise and have to retun it a bunch of times .
 I wanted the Dayco Ploycog belt . What I received was Dayco Polyrib . This Polyrib has the same part number as the Polycog I bought in 2004 . The Polyrib belt only has grooves running parallel of the belt , not criss-crossed like the Polycog . The picture in item desription is of Polycog .
 I ordered this product on the description that it was a four inch drop . It is not . It is three and a quarter inch drop . It is also rated at 7500 # towing , not 6500 . The description for this is wrong .
 This item 45050 is advertised as having a 4 '' drop , but upon arrival the label confesses to only a 3.5 '' drop . I measured to confirm this fact . This is the correct item identified at multiple vendors as having a 4 '' drop , Curt just calls it by the wrong dimension - well let 's call a lie a lie.If your tow measurements can allow for 12.5 % slop , then this a well-painted , solidly-built 3.5 '' drop ball mount.Until they correct the item description/name , I 'd suggest you steer clear of Curt and try a more honest brand to get what you order .
 They are advertised as 4 '' on Amazon and elsewhere but are actually 3.5 '' outside outlet diameter . These are just longer 8 '' versions of the other 3.5 '' tips that Pilot offers and are not larger in diameter . It even states 3.5 '' on the packaging . They are okay though . Good quality . I 'll probably keep it but I really wanted 4 '' . I looked everywhere for an affordable 4 '' tip and thought I had it with this one ... I was wrong .
 I ordered this product on the description that it was a four inch drop . It is not . It is three and a quarter inch drop . It is also rated at 7500 # towing , not 6500 . The description for this is wrong .
 This item 45050 is advertised as having a 4 '' drop , but upon arrival the label confesses to only a 3.5 '' drop . I measured to confirm this fact . This is the correct item identified at multiple vendors as having a 4 '' drop , Curt just calls it by the wrong dimension - well let 's call a lie a lie.If your tow measurements can allow for 12.5 % slop , then this a well-painted , solidly-built 3.5 '' drop ball mount.Until they correct the item description/name , I 'd suggest you steer clear of Curt and try a more honest brand to get what you order .
 I ordered this product on the description that it was a four inch drop . It is not . It is three and a quarter inch drop . It is also rated at 7500 # towing , not 6500 . The description for this is wrong .
 This item 45050 is advertised as having a 4 '' drop , but upon arrival the label confesses to only a 3.5 '' drop . I measured to confirm this fact . This is the correct item identified at multiple vendors as having a 4 '' drop , Curt just calls it by the wrong dimension - well let 's call a lie a lie.If your tow measurements can allow for 12.5 % slop , then this a well-painted , solidly-built 3.5 '' drop ball mount.Until they correct the item description/name , I 'd suggest you steer clear of Curt and try a more honest brand to get what you order .
 I ordered this product on the description that it was a four inch drop . It is not . It is three and a quarter inch drop . It is also rated at 7500 # towing , not 6500 . The description for this is wrong .
 This item 45050 is advertised as having a 4 '' drop , but upon arrival the label confesses to only a 3.5 '' drop . I measured to confirm this fact . This is the correct item identified at multiple vendors as having a 4 '' drop , Curt just calls it by the wrong dimension - well let 's call a lie a lie.If your tow measurements can allow for 12.5 % slop , then this a well-painted , solidly-built 3.5 '' drop ball mount.Until they correct the item description/name , I 'd suggest you steer clear of Curt and try a more honest brand to get what you order .
 I returned these mats - they were nothing but a sheet of plastic . It is well worth purchasing the `` coin '' mats . Yes they are double the price - but are great and no comparison to the cheaper ones - save yourself the return shipping fees !
 I ordered this product on the description that it was a four inch drop . It is not . It is three and a quarter inch drop . It is also rated at 7500 # towing , not 6500 . The description for this is wrong .
 This item 45050 is advertised as having a 4 '' drop , but upon arrival the label confesses to only a 3.5 '' drop . I measured to confirm this fact . This is the correct item identified at multiple vendors as having a 4 '' drop , Curt just calls it by the wrong dimension - well let 's call a lie a lie.If your tow measurements can allow for 12.5 % slop , then this a well-painted , solidly-built 3.5 '' drop ball mount.Until they correct the item description/name , I 'd suggest you steer clear of Curt and try a more honest brand to get what you order .
 Get with it man . The photo is of a cheap OEM shock absorber - but the p/n and the description is a set of 3/8 '' O-Rings by Motocraft for an A/C compressor . Looks like another job by British Petroleum .
 I am giving these 2 stars because 1 -RRB- they were great when new and -LSB- ... -RSB- After 3 weeks on the car , they are streaking with what started as hairline streaks that are getting worse . -LRB- My car is a 208 Mazda 3 with 21 '' and 18 '' blades -RRB- I would not buy these again . -LSB- ... -RSB- . To start deteriorating after a few weeks of winter rain is nuts . I am hoping I can get through the rest of the winter rain without buying another set of blades , but that may be tough here in Portland where I 've still got 4-5 months of rain left.Do not buy these . They seem like a good design and work awesome when brand new , but then they go to crap.Bosch , please fix your quality .
 After reading many of the user reviews on this product , I thought I was making a great decision buying these . I ignored the occasional negative review and paid a good deal of money for what I hoped was a superior product.I installed them -LRB- easy -RRB- and got to use them a week later at the first light rain . They were perfect ! For about the first ten minutes ... After that short of a time , I instantly noticed a hairline streak on the driver 's side wiper . Then a few more hairline streaks just began showing up out of the blue . I even pulled over to visually inspect the blades to make sure no debris was on them . They were simply bad , bad wiper blades that had begun deteriorating rapidly after their first use.I would not recommend anyone buy this particular brand of wiper . I havent tried competitor 's brands of the same `` no frame '' wiper style , but certainly there is something really wrong with Bosch 's rubber.Today I still have them on because I simply can not justify replacing them so soon after how much I paid for them . So I grumble and moan everytime it rains and squint my way through the dozens and dozens of hairline streaks that have shown up to date . But it will be a happy day when I finally can take them no more , throw them out , and return to the normal wiper blades we all know and love .
 I like and use Bosch wiper blades , but these pieces of JUNK are a JOKE . They DO NOT deal with winter snow and slush and sleet well.Bosch is pretending that eliminating the open girder -LRB- spring frame -RRB- work of traditional wiper blades will suddenly yield value by sparing us from having blade ice up , but these blades still accumulate and carry ice crusts and , WORST OF ALL , cease to apply proper uniform pressure to wipe the windscreen!I 'm going back to traditional blades .
 After reading all the reviews and from Bosch 's website , I thought I was buying a product that was top of the line and I was very wrong . I have only had this product installed on my Jeep Grand Cherokee for about 3 months now and they are already done with and need to be replaced . Both blades streak and do not clean the windshield completly at all . I would not recommend wasting your money on this product . I am switching back to Rain-X blades . Good luck if you do buy them !
 I going to keep this short ... . it 's a wiper blade . Works great for a while , then streaks , then the first snow of the season the blade stuck to the window and the plastic base just snapped off . I bought the most expensive wipre blade I could find -LRB- I like to see in the rain -RRB- and it lasted me 3 months . Buy the cheap ones , and replace them every few years.Update - Tried to call Bosch about wiper . I could not get to a person . Left message on answering machine 4 days ago ... do n't think I 'm going to hear back .
 I had the cheaper bosch wipers from walmart that did n't look too good on my 01 Passat but they worked well for 6 months . Of course up here in the Pacific Northwest I need to replace wipers every season . These wipers look good . However , performance is another issue . In only 2 weeks of moderate use they 've started to leave lots of streaks even after cleaning the blade . Water is left behind and it chatters against the glass badly . I ca n't recommend anybody to buy these wipers .
 I ordered this product on the description that it was a four inch drop . It is not . It is three and a quarter inch drop . It is also rated at 7500 # towing , not 6500 . The description for this is wrong .
 This item 45050 is advertised as having a 4 '' drop , but upon arrival the label confesses to only a 3.5 '' drop . I measured to confirm this fact . This is the correct item identified at multiple vendors as having a 4 '' drop , Curt just calls it by the wrong dimension - well let 's call a lie a lie.If your tow measurements can allow for 12.5 % slop , then this a well-painted , solidly-built 3.5 '' drop ball mount.Until they correct the item description/name , I 'd suggest you steer clear of Curt and try a more honest brand to get what you order .
 I ordered this product on the description that it was a four inch drop . It is not . It is three and a quarter inch drop . It is also rated at 7500 # towing , not 6500 . The description for this is wrong .
 This item 45050 is advertised as having a 4 '' drop , but upon arrival the label confesses to only a 3.5 '' drop . I measured to confirm this fact . This is the correct item identified at multiple vendors as having a 4 '' drop , Curt just calls it by the wrong dimension - well let 's call a lie a lie.If your tow measurements can allow for 12.5 % slop , then this a well-painted , solidly-built 3.5 '' drop ball mount.Until they correct the item description/name , I 'd suggest you steer clear of Curt and try a more honest brand to get what you order .
 I ordered this product on the description that it was a four inch drop . It is not . It is three and a quarter inch drop . It is also rated at 7500 # towing , not 6500 . The description for this is wrong .
 This item 45050 is advertised as having a 4 '' drop , but upon arrival the label confesses to only a 3.5 '' drop . I measured to confirm this fact . This is the correct item identified at multiple vendors as having a 4 '' drop , Curt just calls it by the wrong dimension - well let 's call a lie a lie.If your tow measurements can allow for 12.5 % slop , then this a well-painted , solidly-built 3.5 '' drop ball mount.Until they correct the item description/name , I 'd suggest you steer clear of Curt and try a more honest brand to get what you order .
 I bought the Bosch ICON Wiper Blade and the Bosch Excel + Wiper Blade for my front windshield . I could n't decide which one to buy so I bought one of each to compare and use . The Excel + has held up better and wipes longer without smearing . Overall , the Excel + has been a MUCH better blade . The ICON relatively quickly started to give small lines smears . The Excel + works great one year later - not sure why a company would need to develop a more expensive wiper that does n't work as well .
 I had to return this product . It was THAT bad . Maybe I got a defective piece , but ever since the first time I tried it , it left huge streaks . I bought two new wipers for my car -LRB- both Bosch ICON -RRB- , so I know I installed them correctly as the other one works fine . I later ordered a much cheaper brand and it actually worked better . I live in Seattle , so I first thought it 's a smart idea to invest in a really nice pair of windshield wiper because of the weather here . Now , I still think wiper blades are extremely important in Seattle weather , but I was wrong about Bosch ICON . I tried to be very careful with them , and I tried to clean them up every time I used them . Both wiper blades always leave black stain on my towel -- not sure where the color comes from , but I do n't think it 's just dirt . Now , I 'm keeping the longer one , cuz at the very least it worked . We 'll see if the cheaper brand would continue performing better than Bosch ICON on my car .
 I bought the left and right wiper of these and they streak very easily even though it says its built to resist it . They are no better than the old used cheaper stock pair of wipers that came with my 2008 Impala when I bought the car at the dealership . Actually those performed better literally .
 After waiting 12 days I ended up making my own out of a bronze door hinge bushing and a hitch-pin . When it finally arrived , I was glad that I did . These bushings are cheap plastic and I now understand why they do n't last very long . I just ordered some more parts and I hope Amazon has not adopted new shipping policies .
 Considering these are made out to be the best wipers available , they are absolutely useless when you purchase the larger versions of these wipers . My Honda Accord requires one 26 '' blade and it leaves a giant spot where it never touches the glass in the middle of my view . The smaller wipers do n't seem to have as much of a problem . Bosche has no form of contact other than calling and waiting on hold so I never bothered to deal with it and just ate the $ 20 a blade .
 I installed this blade on my 2006 Accord . The driver 's side blade left a large swath in the lower middle of the windshield untouched ! I 've read that I need to remove the plastic blade guide from the control arm . The problem with that is the small screw holding it in was so tight that I could not turn it , and I was starting to damage the screw head . This blade is not worth the effort . It worked great for my RAV4 but was a total disaster on my Accord .
 Not as good as last year . Bad batch of new wipers -LSB- possibly -RSB- ... Previously ordered these wipers last year -LRB- car requires a 416A and 426A -RRB- and they worked great - worth every penny & 5 stars . However , just replaced last years wipers with the same models and these ones are useless - there are tiny rips all over the blade which mean they fail to clear the windshield properly -LSB- and are worse than those I just replaced -RSB- . Considering that each wiper was sold separately there may be a bad batch.I will be ordering a new set of both with fingers crossed .
 I bought 2 sets of Bosch Icon wiper blades in January 2012 . The first pair was far a 97 F150 , and the second for an 04 Accord . The Accord takes a 26A for the driver 's side , and an 18B for the passenger side . From the very first day these wipers were the absolute worst I have ever seen on the Accord . The passenger side blade clears `` most '' of the windshield leaving a few inches on the bottom of the outside unclear . This is tolerable as it 's not in direct view of the driver , and understandable as the windshield curves pretty sharply . The Driver 's side wiper on the other hand leaves roughly 80 % of the windshield uncleared 9 out of 10 passes . 1 out of 10 passes it will clear it . The only areas of the driver 's side that are cleared are the left side for 1 inch , then it loses contact in the center spreading toward the ends of the blade . This leaves about 2 inches top and bottom that are cleared , and the rest of the windshield completely untouched.My wife told me that the blades were bad , and I shrugged it off until I drove the car on a day when the Chicago roads were salted . It is actually dangerous to drive the car with the Icon blades on during these conditions . The driver 's side of the windshield hazed over with salt , and the blade never touched it . It was completely greyed out until I used the wiper fluid which only wet the windshield , again because the blade does n't touch.I replaced the blades with a $ 20 pair -LRB- of non bosch blades -RRB- , and they work as good as new . Bosch will never get my business again for wiper blades .
 I bought these for my Ford Ranger . I had the first set for less than 6 months before they were so terrible that it became dangerous to drive with them during inclement weather . They were so bad that I thought something else had to be causing them to perform so poorly . I decided to replace the wiper arms -LRB- with the OEM wiper arms from Ford -RRB- just to make sure that the wipers were making good contact with the glass . Then I replaced the first set of my Bosch Icons with a new set of the same . My new set of wipers began to streak at 2 weeks and now after 6 weeks they are so terrible that I can barely see in the rain . My cars are extremely well maintained , garaged , and serviced professionally . I replace my wiper blades annually and I have NEVER found a product as bad as the Bosch Icon . Bosch has always had such a great reputation so I am completely at a loss as to why they would market such a terrible -LRB- downright fraudulant -RRB- product . The design is great but the performance is beyond terrible .
 The Bosch driver side wiper does not work on a Honda Accord . I have experimented with multiple sizes with no better quality , the blade streaks and leaves large areas not cleared . Apparently the Bosch blade requires a wiper arm that applies more pressure than the Wiper arm . Buy another brand , they work !
 I 'm goiong to keep this short ... . do n't buy this brand of wiper . Save your money . Buy a meadium price wiper and replace it every few years .
 These were the worst windshield wipers that I ever purchased . I spent over $ 90 to equip both of my vehicles with these wipers and they worked ok for a week or two and then they were streaky and would not clean the windshield .
 I installed a set of Bosch ICON wiper blades on my 2003 Honda Accord and am very disappointed with the performance of this product . The driver 's side blade -LRB- 26 '' -RRB- does not flex properly to the contour of the windshield . The outer edges are in proper contact with the glass but the center is not being pressed firmly enough . As a result , a portion direcly in my line of sight is not wiped completely and remains blurry . It is very annoying if not dangerous and I will be replacing them soon .
 I bought a pair for a 2004 honda accord . It worked well for the first week.Afterwards , wipers already started streaking . Was pretty disappointed . Paid a lot of money to have top of the line wipers only to have them streaking . You might as well buy cheaper ones and replace them more frequently .
 I have had these wipers for only 90 days and I am not thrilled with them . I can say that they work well in a heavy downpour but in the snow where intermittent moisture is the case they streak a great amount and miss spots . The OEM wipers that I had on my 07 honda accord worked much better then these . I was expecting to obtain better quality for more money but it was not the case with these wipers .
 Bought them for my 2004 Acura TSX . Replaced my OEM wiper blade assembly with the Bosch ICONs based on reviews on Amazon . Big mistake . My OEM blades lasted for 5 years before chattering . These ICONs are a piece of junk in less than 1 year . Right at the center of the drivers field of view the wiper does not seem to make contact with the windshield at all . Which means during snowy days there is always a patch of dirt right in the center . Seems like the wipers do not exert a force on the windshield right where it attaches to the arms . The rest of the rubber blade is also not great with streaking all over . It has a silent operation , though , but it is no good if it does n't wipe cleanly .
 I bought these wipers to replace my Rain-X Latitudes and it was a mistake . I was happy with my Rain-X , but I thought I 'll try Bosch based on some positive reviews . I was wrong . It started streaking a month after installing it . After a couple months , streaks were all over my windshield making it a driving hazard . It was raining really hard one night and I literrally could not see . I just recently purchased some Rain-X wipers and will be sticking with them from now on .
 I replaced several wipers at the same time . These Bosch ICON 's did n't perform any better or last any longer than the Bosch evolution . Both only lasted 5 months until they started streaking really badly which in my opinion is far too short for what are billed as good quality wipers . I also bought Rain-X blades which seemed to work much better but are not sold by Amazon .
 I bought this blade in the proper 26 '' and 17 '' length for my vehicle . The install went fine . In terms of removing water , these blades are great . However , the driver side blade is too thick . The wiper arm is raised too high , causing the windshield spray to hit the arm instead of the windshield . I wish this was n't the case as I really like how smooth they are . The passenger side works flawlessly .
 Have used these for about a month now . Very disappointed that they have started to streak already . Would not buy again for this price .
 These wipers are just terrible on a Porsche Cayenne S. Brand new they stink . Something is wrong with the pressure because miss spots , chatter and squeak . I 'm not alone complaining about these wipers on the Cayenne . I 'm currently seeking an alternative without having to replace the whole wiper arm assembly . These things are expensive and a complete waste .
 I put these on my BMW 330Ci and am pretty disappointed in their performance . The driver 's side wiper completely misses the center of the wiper about 50 % of the time , leaving a giant blurry streak basically where my face is . They 're not worth the money .
 I purchased this inverter so my son can run his laptop -LRB- 90W -RRB- in the car . This unit intermittently beeps even though the voltage in my car is running at 12V . My son gives the unit a rap and it stops beeping . I can not recommend anyone purchase this unit . It is obviously poorly designed .
 It was a waste of money . Would not power any thing we tried except for a few seconds .
 I ordered one through Amazon and it did n't work at all . So I bought the same one from Wal-Mart . I blew the fuse on it -LRB- my fault -RRB- because I plugged in an air compressor that was too strong for it . So I bought the 400-W model , which easily cleared the limits for watts and amps as stated on the machine itself , but it also blew the fuse ! I got another fuse and ran a laptop off of the 400 , but would n't try the air pump again . I do n't know if I just had bad luck with B&D , but I would n't buy another of these inverters .
 We used it with a laptop in the car and a portable battery pack as well and it worked fine for about 3 times and then quit.The one thing I hate about all these inverters is that continuous alarm that sounds when it is draining your battery . Why not use an intermittent beep that occasionally tells you that you are running down the battery . Sometimes - especially with an auxiliary battery you do n't care if you are running the battery down - that is the expectation of using an auxiliary battery but you ca n't work with that horrible alarm sounding . At least this one does n't immediately shriek and shut off like the one we used to use as soon as you turned off the engine .
 I ordered this product on the description that it was a four inch drop . It is not . It is three and a quarter inch drop . It is also rated at 7500 # towing , not 6500 . The description for this is wrong .
 This item 45050 is advertised as having a 4 '' drop , but upon arrival the label confesses to only a 3.5 '' drop . I measured to confirm this fact . This is the correct item identified at multiple vendors as having a 4 '' drop , Curt just calls it by the wrong dimension - well let 's call a lie a lie.If your tow measurements can allow for 12.5 % slop , then this a well-painted , solidly-built 3.5 '' drop ball mount.Until they correct the item description/name , I 'd suggest you steer clear of Curt and try a more honest brand to get what you order .
 It got us through the winter , which is what I intended for it to do untilit warmed up enough that I could do the necessary work to get the garageto drain into a sump . But , by spring it was pretty much junk . Sand fromwinter street sanding and other things the car tracks in on the tires madelittle holes all over in the plastic film . It was stained and ugly and does n'tcome clean no matter how much you scrub with soap and water . It left earlyin the Spring ... on the garbage truck .
 I agree with many of the comments here . I 've had a 9x20 in my garage for years to help with my Silverado pickup mess in New England . It does help keep the slush , snow , water and oil off the garage floor and from spreading all over the garage . The problem I have is that the weak plastic edging -LRB- which is a pain and time consuming to install . Believe me it does not insatll in seconds -RRB- breaks easily especially on the garage door side which is driven over and over . I called the company and they were nice enough to send me free replacement edges , but the same thing keeps happening and after a while the vinyl mat starts to tear and looks ratty . If they would come up with some edging on the garage door side that will not crack and break so easily it would make this product so much better and less of a hassle to maintain .
 The mat itself is nice and strong . But to put the edges on is a night mare . The last one we owned was much better
 These mats were a pain from the start , the pieces around the edge did n't fit together well , the mats bunched up over time , water pools on them and they are impossible to keep clean because the dirt gets caught around the edges . I could not get rid of them fast enough !
 I did n't want to go through all the `` work '' involved with painting a concrete garage floor so i chose this product . first of all , it was not as thick/heavy as i thought it would be -LRB- which i guess is partly is my fault for not know what thickness this `` mil '' was -RRB- but i figured i could live with it . i bought 2 of the 9 x 20 ' mats and thought they would come on a roll like a carpet - not folded into a small box . it is unbelievable how many folds and wrinkles there are . i wrote to the manufacturer to see if the folds would come out and was told `` over time they may relax some but will not go away '' . there are no corners available so there are open spaces at the junction of the sides and the back . they warn it is slippery when wet but we have n't had any rain so i have n't found out exactly how slippery it is . overall i hate this product and am sorry i bought it . it is certainly not worth the money as far as i am concerned . do n't waste your money
 I ordered these cables in March for my 2004 Toyota Tundra and had them shipped to me in Jamaica . After the 3 week wait ... The cables seemed to be of a quality build but they were too short for my pickup even though Amazon said they fit . It 's going to be hard to return them so I 'll just have to keep them until someone I know needs a pair . Could someone give me some info on which cables to buy ? I measured the old ones and they measure 17 '' center to center .
 i bought this product because i wanted a kit and thats what it showed and said but when shipped only bag wow ! , repoff
 The Power Probe PPPP01 looks good enough , but it 's difficult to use with my VOM without the Female Adapter Probe tip extender -LRB- sold separately -RRB- . The extender is inexpensive at $ 3.56 , but unlike the Green wire probe , it 's not eligible for Amazons super saver shipping . So you must also add $ 6.12 S&H to complete the $ 11.66 probe . That makes the cost $ 21.34 + tax ! Another gotcha from creative marketing .
 I ordered an 18 '' and 19 '' blade for my 2006 MINI Cooper S , because I live in an area with harsh winter weather , and I wanted to try a winter blade . Unfortunately , these wiper blades are useless . They do not conform to the curvature of the windshield . Only the central 2/3 or so of the blade makes contact with the windshield . The outside edge of the passenger blade probably sits half an inch or more off the glass.I switched back to myPIAA 95048 Super Silicone Black Wiper Blade - 19 `` blade , which works well despite not being designed specifically for winter use .
 Very disappointed in Trico . Did n't last through a very mild winter . Also website shows different size blades for my car than the manufacturer recommends .
 My car stays in the garage when not in use . The cover on one of the blades tore loose and began to flap in the breeze within a couple of months of purchasing these blades . Would not buy again .
 i was hoping that it can reduce dust in the car . . but it is making more ... and it does not fit well .
 They accept the payment , but never sent the Item.Now I have to cancel after three weeks of waiting.unbelievable but true , do not send e-mail to keep you informed .
 This is a nice size dispenser . The only problem is the fill hole is to large and to close to the pour spout . If you are not super careful you end up with alot of oil on top of your engine . Pour spot is to short and to stiff also . I bought both the 6 and the 8 guart and both have the same problem .
 I consider this a poor choice for a suction gun . It was one of the most expensive suction guns that Amazon offered so I expected it to be one of the best . It has good suction but when you pull the plunger to the top it squirts the liquid that you were using it for for all over you . If you buy one of these expect to get squirted in the face . I will try one of the less expensive ones to see if it works better .
 This is my 2nd purchase of this item , the 1st has fallen of the frame and broke . They should make the glue strips stronger !
 I returned the first one due to crinkling and streching in the material . The replacement was the same . Amazon wisely refunded my purchase and did not send a third .
 Unfortunately , this is the most unsafe product I 've ever owned . I installed it on my SUV 's roof rack exactly as the instructions described , and loaded it up . The immediate problem I found was that the plastic strap connections -LRB- similar to the plastic pieces on the straps of a backpack that allow you to adjust the shoulder straps -RRB- had very little traction . Even very light tugs on them and they would start to slip . While driving down the interstate I immediately found they were n't going to hold . This giant carrier was coming up from my car like sail . I pulled over and tightened everything down and got off at the next exit . In order to make sure we got to our destination safely , I bought a role of duct tape and had to tape the straps together so they would n't slip . Yes , I basically had to duct tape this thing to my car to make it work . I wish a took a picture to show you.At the end of the day , this product is unsafe , and I 'm very surprised others have n't had the same problem . Oh , and just in case you 're thinking this was user error , it was n't . Connecting these straps was extremely straight forward .
 The carrier ripped -LRB- a huge rip -RRB- the first time we used it . It was a huge pain , b/c we got all of our stuff to our destination but had no way to get it back!I 'm going to try to return it . I regret this purchase and would give it zero stars if I could .
 I purchased the Kar Pak carrier for use on a 3000 mile road trip . The tie downs did not last 1500 miles before the two in front began to rip out and I had to use a racheting tiedown to secure the load . I packed 7 sleeping bags and 2 tents in the bag and the bottom of the bag wore through in several small spots . I would return it but no longer posess the box or the reciept .
 I bought this product based on the wonderful reviews it received from just about everyone . I do n't know if we had a defective one or not , but this carrier 's strap broke about 300 miles into our 750 mile trip . We had to stop multiple times and even find a Walmart in order to buy twine to tie it down .
 The second time I used this roof carrier , one strap ripped out entirely , another two were just about gone . Good thing I checked it mid trip . Amazon did a great job replacing it . But I have n't had a chance to use it again since then . Hopefully I just got a bad one .
 This broke the first few hours of a road trip . Almost as effective as putting things in garbage bags and strapping to the top of your car .
 I originally had written a great review after a one time use with this . However ; now that we 've used it three times , we are VERY disappointed ! It is quiet and roomy BUT it is already ripping and the zipper is n't holding up either . We do n't even put much in it so this shows how poorly made it is . My husband does n't think we 'll be able to use it again . Very disappointed in the quality !
 We just got back from our second trip using this bag . DO N'T CHEAPEN OUT , GET A HARD TOP CARRIER . The first leg of our first trip down our suitcases almost ended up scattered over the Garden State Parkway !! People were frantically pointing to our roof and low and behold the pack had opened -LRB- lesson to us to use twist ties or a small padlock next time to secure the zipper -RRB- . On our trip home we had to stop constantly because the ties kept loosening up . When my husband took the pack off the car we found there was a hole in the pack the size of a fist . Would n't you think that we would n't use it again ??? Well we are a glutton for punishment and my husband has great faith in duct tape . On this recent trip one of the straps ripped clear off and we had to tie it down with what was on hand . Its unusable now after roughly 25 hours of use .
 On our 2nd trip -LRB- the 1st being only 2 hours -RRB- the straps began to tear away from the bag . Poor design , the straps are just sewn to the bag - causing an obvious failure point . The bag itself is great , very waterproof , and can hold a lot . The strap failure was disappointing , it also happened in the middle of back roads Colorado . So I had to find a store that had some rope or something so the bag would n't just fly off my Explorer . I mean the bag is supposed to be strapped to the roof and then the vehicle driven , right ?
 The carrier was very easy to install and holds a lot of stuff . We fit the majority of our luggage for our family of seven in it . These are the good things about the carrier . The negative things are that it dramatically decreased the gas mileage for our van -LRB- we lost about 120 miles per tank -RRB- and because we had filled the carrier full , the resistance was very noticeable when driving . This carrier works best on cars that have the rack bars running perpendicular to the length of the car . We had no problems with the carrier slipping until we switched vehicles on the way home and the van we had had parallel bars . We pulled over a few times to tighten the straps . We ended up knotting the straps but eventually one strap tore loose from the body of the carrier while we were driving . It was a huge pain to find room in the van for all the luggage . I would not purchase this if your rack bars run parallel to the length of the body of your car . Oh yes , the bag had several tears and rips in it by the time we got to our destination . I am not sure how they got there since we only had luggage in it .
 Although the carrier was easy to install and held more than I expected , it is NOT weatherproof as it claims to be . On my trip from Michigan to North Dakota , my family and I encountered pretty heavy rains and storms . The carrier filled up with water soaking our luggage , sleeping bags and pillows . Just check the weather before you travel with this carrier .
 We received this product but did not receive the hardware to attach it to the crossbars on our SUV . Product does not look like the picture , there were no straps . Very dissapointed .
 I used this carrier on a roundtrip drive from so . cal . to Grand Canyon . After 2 days , two of the straps began to tear at the stitching on the carrier . I believe it is still water proof because the inside layer is still in tack . But I was hoping for something more durable . Maybe I cinched it up too tight , but I will probably return it and try again .
 I bought this for a trip my wife was taking to Yellowstone this spring . It is big , and held our stroller , some luggage , and still had room for misc . stuff . Beware , there is no rigidity to it , and you have to stuff it like a garbage bag.The biggest problem was the quality . When my wife got back from her trip we found the carrier was shredded , and thread bare in many places . Everything in the carrier was wet.I would n't recommend this product for anyone who drives over 30mph .
 The first time I went to install my Karpak two of the straps ripped right off . Now I am having trouble getting anyone to answer my customer service inquiry . It says right in the warrenty that this would be covered , but no one answers my e-mails . Therefore , at this point I would not recommend purchasing this item .
 The general idea of a soft cargo bag that straps to your car 's roof is pretty simple , and it should not be rocket science to make one that works . Unfortunately , the Highland Kar Pak does not fit the definition of a reliable product . It looks great in the pictures and you can read the gushing reviews here , but in the real world I found this product to be defective and lacking in customer support.I purchased the Highland Kar Pak specifically to move across the country , from Massachusetts to Arizona . After doing some research into cargo carriers , I decided to invest a modest sum in a product that I would likely need once a year at most . Boy am I glad I paid a modest sum because this thing lasted barely one trip . I notice that the price is now half what I paid for it and it is worth not one cent more.Some reviewers complained about leakage , so I made sure to put all my stuff in plastic bags before loading , and that turned out to be fortuitous . In west Texas I went through some incredible rainstorms . The circular strap attachments tore during the trip , perhaps because I had over-tightened the straps , exposing the mesh undernetting and allowing in water.When I got to my destination , fortunately my stuff was dry but only because I had waterproofed it , no thanks to the Kar Pak . I emailed the company 's customer service dept to inquire as to warranty coverage and whether the pak could be repaired , but received no response . I consider the design to be defective ; they should have bonded the straps more thoroughly to the bag to prevent that kind of damage . The average $ 10 backpack you can buy at any local store is better designed than this . Let the buyer beware .
 After one trip of less than 20 miles with the carrier approximately two-thirds full of soft-sided items , a strap broke off and the others all showed signs of wear . A very disappointing purchase , especially based on all the good reviews it received from others .
 We were only able to use this product , Highland 10391 Kar Pack twice . The second time used , one strap broke and the other was almost tore from the material . If another car driver had n't flagged me down while driving , we would have lost everything in the bag . As it was , I had to go back and find the queensize mattress that had fallen out of the bag . Somehow when the strap broke , the items shifted enough that the zipper opened and then items were starting to fall out . I am very disappointed that we paid $ 55 to use this item twice . Will not purchase again .
 The product did not tell me that It was for cars with a roof rack . I needed one that did not need a roof rack now I am stuck with it .
 We were using the Highland 10391 , for a trip to florida from NJ . Halfway through the trip one strap ripped off from the carrier , then a wahile later another . it was a good thing we had brought straping in case this happended . Also we we got to Florida , the suit case in side was wet from rain . I would not buy .
 This product was disappointing . Before I got home from our first trip using it , one of the straps had ripped off the bag -LRB- while driving -RRB- and I had to stop and purchase some long bungee cords to hold it on till we got home . Also , pieces of the outer rubber coating had come off in random places , allowing rain to get into the bag . All I can do with it now is trash it .
 I bought this item in 2008 and have used that bag for 2 long trips without any problems or noticeable wear . I bought a second bag -LRB- same item -RRB- this summer and used it , along with the older bag , for a 2 week trip to Yellowstone and back . Both bags were used identically -- on top of the vehicle when traveling and on the ground while staying at campgrounds . The newest bag has a different feel to it and does not have the rougher look to the outside surface . The new bag immediately had problems with one of the permanently attached straps -- started pulling loose at the base where it 's sealed to the bag surface . The newer bag also has 3 or 4 obvious `` wear '' points -LRB- holes that do n't go completely through -RRB- on the outer surface where you can now see the underlying webbing . Even though the older bag made the same trip this year , plus made a similar 2 week trip last summer , it still looks like new with no obvious wear points . I can only conclude that the manufacturer reduced the quality of the bag since last year and then increased the price by about $ 6 ! So , be prepared for problems if you purchase the latest version of this bag .
 I purchased this cargo bag in May 2009 after reading the reviews here on Amazon . Overwhelmingly positive , but after using the bag on just one trip , I have to wonder.First , the bag only zips on 2 edges , which made loading a bit of a challenge . 3 full edges , or even 1 full and 2 opposite half or 3/4 edges would have been mush easier to work with.Finally got it loaded and strapped down per the instructions . I took the advice of some of the reviews on here and duct taped the straps to prevent them flapping in the wind . We made it to our destination some 550 miles later . No rain , so no issues there , but a few of the strap attachments were frayed . After our vacation , I loaded up again for the return trip . About halfway through the return trip , one strap ripped free from the bag . 2 other straps were frayed even more and were close to ripping off . Luckily I had bungee cords in the car and was able to secure everything to complete the trip . We did have some rain , but I did not notice any water leakage , even with the ripped strap attachments.I called customer service today and was told to fax the receipt and they would ship out a new carrier bag . So I was able to get a positive response from the company , unlike some other reviewers . I 'll have to see if they follow through and send a new one as stated.I do n't have any trips in the near future which would require using the bag , but I have experience now to work around the design deficiencies.As for the design , the weak point seems to be where the straps attach to the bag . And tightening the straps as directed is not a good thing . The design should have the straps run from front to back , so the tension is not on the rubber of the bag , but on the nylon of the straps!In the future , I will only marginally tighten the straps , and will have to use additional rope or bungee cords to attach the bag to the car roof racks more tightly!I was teetering between 2 and 3 stars -LRB- wish there was a 2.5 option -RRB- , but went with 2 because the product does not work as designed and as directed in the instructions .
 We set off on our trip from NW IN to Florida with this carrier using an Acura MDX . First off the carrier did not fit in between the luggage rack so I had to put some of the bags on the other side of the back bar . With that being said , it did hold alot of bags -LRB- 3 large , 2 medium , and 2 carry ons -RRB- . The opening with this carrier only has the zipper around one corner only , and it makes it difficult putting the bags in there . I was able to get it all packed and went to zip it shut , but it was definitely a challenge , this thing was hard to zip shut . Finally got it , strapped it down , and off we went . When I bought this , I knew that it was going to cut down on the MPG , but holy cow ! this thing cut off at least 5 miles to the gallon !! We did stay overnight in a hotel , so that means you have to unload everything for fear of theft . So here we go again , another work out . When we got to our destination everything came out dry after going through some torrential rain storms . When it was time to come back , loaded everything back in it , and went to pull on the straps for tie it down , and snap ! the strap on the front of it broke right on the carrier itself . I had alot of weight up there and it would shift if I went around corners with only 3 straps , and one of the other strap holders was showing it was about to go . Off I went to get some come along straps and tie it down that way . Since the carrier does n't have anything to tie to , I had to wrap it around a couple of times and buckle it down . Now with that done we were n't going to get back in this thing to get stuff out until we got home . That meant driving through the night , which I absolutely hate , because I did n't want to stop over night and unpack and pack it up again . What a disaster this turned out to be -LRB- not going to get into details with this one ! -RRB- . We finally made it home , and again everything came out dry after going through some heavy rain and SNOW.So this is not an awfully bad carrier , just some flaws that need to be fixed.Pros
 The carrier itself is made of rugged vinyl , but I was leary about this thing on a trip from Texas to California . The built-in straps have a tendency to come loose , and if not for my husband 's paranoia , our suitcases would have been flying across I-10 on several occasions -- he used separate tie down straps -LRB- those orange ones from Home Depot -RRB- for the carrier . Every couple of hours , we 'd hear a tapping noise coming from the roof when a strap came loose.The bag itself is kind of shapeless , and it was hard to get things aligned in the same place twice when re-packing on the road . I wish the carrier had more of a defined shape so that it could expand into the perfect rectangle it appears to be on the picture . Also , watch out for the zippers ... We had to ask for paper clips at the hotel desk on several occasions , having stopped for the night to find the zipper wide open . We used the paper clips to keep the two zippers together Luckily nothing flew out.On the positive side , it did keep our belongings out of the rain -LRB- well , we traveled through the desert most of the time -RRB- , and it did stand up to the heat of the desert sun without melting -LRB- it was 116 degrees in Nevada & Arizona -RRB- .
 The first strap broke 30min into our trip . It flew off and went under the car behind us-lucky no crash ! We had to stop and buy bungee cords to hold it on the rest of the way . We when arrived the bag had multiple tiny tears . Our stuff got wet when it rained . Before we came home we had to tape the whole bag with waterproof tape . Half way home -LRB- about 6 hours into trip -RRB- people on the highway started honking at us as another strap had broken and the bag was sliding off the bag of our van - suitcases and all . We had to buy a 20 $ strap to hold it on . I called customer service to report problem and was told rep was at lunch and would call me back - have n't heard back from them at all .
 I only used it three times then totally broken . The customer service was disappointing . I have to discard it as garbage .
 Unfortunately , this car top carrier does not fit all cars as the manufacturer says it does . I struggled for close to two hours to try and get it to fit on the roof of my '08 Subaru Outback . It did not fit . And even if it did fit , I 'm not sure I would trust it . The straps used to secure it to the roof rails did n't seem to want to hold the carrier securely .
 Three of the straps tore off leaving holes and we had to use a bungee cord to secure it to our van . It is waterproof and our luggage did stay dry during rain storms , but who cares when you are worried about the whole thing flying off of your car .
 I purchased this bag in 2009 for the family trips to the shore . It has made about 2-3 trips each year since then -LRB- used about 8 times -RRB- . Over the last few trips one of the straps has pulled away from the bag and is hanging on my the strings -LRB- literally -RRB- . This trip the second strap has started ripping off . I have been through driving rain with it and everything stayed dry -LRB- I made sure the zipper was not across the front -RRB- . It holds a lot of stuff and never moved during the trip . I only wish that the straps would have been secured better . The last trip I bungeed the bag down so we could get home . If that was changed this could have been 5 stars , but now I 'm off to find a different bag to replace this one , so it 's a 2 star . The price was cheap but the life of the bag was short too .
 We have taken this bag on two large trips . Both trips were in excess of 4 hours each way and it rained at least one way on each trip . In both cases , the bag held a significant amount of cargo and kept it dry . The problem is that on the second trip , 2 of the 4 straps tore off the bag . We are lucky that the bag stayed on top of the car , because it could have caused significant damage if it flew off . The other problem is that we can not use the bag for the return trip , yet we still need a roof-top carrier , so we are going to have to get a different bag quickly .
 I 'm sorry to say that I did not like this item . Although it had enough space to put several pieces of luggage , it was totally NOT waterproof . It rained for 2 hours on our trip to GA from FL and when I got to the hotel , my clothes were all wet . It was also difficult to attach to the rack on my KIA Sorento . I had to stop many times to use duct tape to anchor flapping pieces of binding .
 We bought this car top carrier to help transport items during our move from Maryland to Rhode Island . After completing our first and only drive using the car top carrier , we noticed the attachment points -LRB- where the fabric straps attach to the rainproof material -RRB- had starting tearing . I can not recommend this item .
 Installation is simple but the distortion in the mirror is pitiful.The only useful area is the center.I am considering complaining to Amazon because this is a very poor quality mirror .
 Had to send these items back . The pictures are not representative of the product - they were shaped quite differently . Take care !
 I bought 3 of these blankets as Christmas gifts and one for myself as we live in a very cold climate . All three stopped working within 6 weeks and even when they did work they did not heat up very fast and were not very warm once they did . Not sure what the malfunction is but these were definitely not worth the money .
 Used the blanket in the car Christmas day for about 1.5 hours . Plugged it in New Years Eve , no longer works . Checked the fuse , ok . Checked the outlet , ok . Blanket just died . Thanks to Amazon for good return policies .
 I ordered this from amazon on Black Friday , 2009 . After several attempts in different cars , I 've returned it . It just does not heat ! At best , by the time we reach my son 's school , which is a 10 minute drive , it feels room temperature ... probably because by that time the car 's heater has warmed it up to the touch.Not only does it not work as it should , the quality is very disappointing . Imagine two thin pieces of fleece covering wires , which are plainly felt when the blanket is over/under you.I 'm happy a few people have been happy with the performance of this blanket , but sadly , I am not one of them . If you decide to order this , be sure to test it out immediately so you will be able to return it to amazon within their return time frame if it does n't work .
 The reviews on this item looked good , so I ordered this in December as a gift . I tried it in my car , and my sister tried it in hers . It 's a nice blanket , but you had to wait about 20 minutes to feel any kind of warmth at all . You could eventually tell that it was on , but it gave off no real heat at all . Buy only if you 're looking for just a blanket .
 I was excited when I saw this product for such a great price since I travel often by car and have gotten stuck on the road before in inclement weather . Having a travel blanket that could be powered through the vehicle power outlets seemed like a great idea!When I received the product , I decided to test it just to make sure it would work and the plug-in would not make contact with the sides of the power outlet so it would not work . Thinking that this was just a glitch in this one blanket , I returned it . When I got the second blanket , it would n't work either !! Yes - I checked them both in multiple vehicles to make sure it was n't just my cars ' power outlets , and still no power and definitely no warmth.As I stated above , I am really glad that I decided to check to make sure these worked before I needed them , because it would have been a pretty cold experience ! What I got for my time was to have to make two trips to the post office to return the defective blankets . I DEFINITELY do not recommend this product .
 DO NOT BUY ! Blanket worked well for the first week . And then part of it started to burn and now the wires have melted inside thew blanket . Returning it !
 FIRE DANGER !!! DO NOT BUY THIS BLANKET !!!!! Roadpro 12-Volt 100 % Polar Fleece Heated Travel Blanket , Size 58 '' x 42.5 `` We had this for about 3 weeks , and used it without problem a handful of times . Then , as we were driving down the road , we started smelling a horrid smell . My husband is a firefighter , and immediately knew something was on fire . Our daughter was using this blanket in the back seat of our new vehicle . Most of it was sitting on the seat next to her , and when I yanked it off of her , it burned my hand !! It was smoking !!! Another few seconds , and we are POSITIVE it would have actually burst into flames !!! There is a PERMANENT charred place on the seat where the blanket was smoldering . We immediately unplugged the blanket , and got it out of the vehicle . We thanked God for keeping our child safe . The vehicle seat is ruined , but thankfully our daughter was not burned . Like I said , another few seconds , and this would have been an entirely different outcome.Please ... do NOT purchase this !!
 This is a great idea , but seeing as it is only 12v , it will not be very strong . noting that , I received a defective one , and will give it another shot -LRB- I 'm sending back the defective one , and and getting a new one -RRB-
 I thought I was getting A blanklet for my bed not my truck !!! They should have said more clear that it was for a vehicle !!!
 Great for road trips , I 'm sure -- I like my car 's heated seats.But NOT for Emergency use!I see that some advocate this electric blanket for use in an emergency ... you 're stuck and have run out of gas so plug in this blanket to keep warm.Not a good idea -- you 'll drain the battery and then , if you are able to get some fuel you will not be able to start the vehicle .
 The description indicated a higher amp rating which means it should heat faster and hotter . The one I got was about 50 % lower rating . I have not used it yet but I am anticipating it taking sometime to warm up , prob lay as slow as the car heater . I would not recommend this.This may be updated if I am impressed , but i doubt it .
 This drains a battery so much that it is unusable.That and it does not come with anyway to plug into a normal house outlet.Seriously people this blanket is bad.It is warm , but you will be warm for 10 minutes and then you ca n't start your car because you have no power.Not worth it .
 La compre hace unas semanas y la prove en mi carro y en otros automoviles y no funciona , no brinda ningun grado de calor . Me robaron $ 29.99 .
 This product looked pretty good until you read the cleaning directions . Not washable . Wipe clean . We returned two of them . If this had been machine-washable , it would have been fantastic . As it stands now , just wiping spills off the blanket , is not acceptable .
 The blanket is not very warm at all , even when covered up with another blanket . Spend the $ 15 extra and get a decent electric blanket elsewhere .
 I plugged in this blanket and after waiting three hours I tested the temperature with an infrared thermometer . It reached a whopping three degrees warmer than the sofa it was draped over . Either this one is defective or just a piece of junk . I am suspecting the later . I think the good reviews on here are from road pro .
 I bought the RoadPro 12 volt blanket because I had previously purchased a similiar one for my husband three years ago . He is an over-the-road trucker . Since the ride in a semi is not the smoothest thing around , I was impressed that the one I had purchased for my husband was still working after three years of hard use . The one I bought for my daughter just to use in her car on very cold days has stopped working already after less than six weeks of use ! There is no way this blanket should have quit already . My daughter lives several hours away from me and did n't want to tell me that the present she wanted most for Christmas was a dud ! I would really like to have it replaced but I ca n't afford a trip to her house to retrieve the blanket to be returned . She works full time so the post office is closed by the time she gets home from work . Hopefully this one particular blanket was a lemon and any future ones would work as well as the one I purchased for my husband . I would hope Amazon or Roadpro will make this right by replacing the defective blanket without charge .
 It does not heat up very fast or very warm . By the time it warms up , the car is warm anyway and you do n't need it . I bought it for a trip to Vermont in the winter and it still is not worth the cost .
 have not had any sucess with blanketnot something I would recommend to even people I did not likewish I had my money back
 The first time I used it , I pulled out the 12-V plug when I was done with it , and I swear it gave me a shock . I felt it all the way down my arm . I had n't turned it off , because the button is rather hard to push in . The plug remained rather hot for a while afterward even though I had only had it in for 15 minutes.consCan ' t wash itCa n't adjust temperaturedifficult on/off switchmay have given me a shock when I unplugged ittakes too long to heat upkids could n't feel warmth of it through coats they had on.prosbig enough to spread across width of minivanlong enough cord to reach the backseat from the front seat lighter .
 I should have listened to the reviews , this blanket blows . At most , it gets about as warm as a blanket stuck in a dryer for 2 minutes . After 1 use it blew out the fuse in the power supply of my car . Pure garbage .
 I bought this item thinking it would solve my problem putting oil in the RV ... it is more trouble than it is worth ... the spring is strong , therefore you ca n't hold the can and push the thumb thing a ma jig while the container is full of oil without spilling or slopping the oil ... do not like the product
 Mr. Gasket 3678 Starter Motor Heat ShieldI have another heat shield set-up and after buying this type and trying to get it installed I ca n't give this a rave review . :0 -LRB- # 1 The heat shield is way to close to the battery cable terminal and getting to get to the connections with the shield installed is a real pita . # 2 When tightening the small ear that holds the shield in place at the solenoid , the aluminum tab spreads open and is not tight enough for my liking plus I fear it could vibrate loose and then what?Every installation is different I know , if your not afraid of re-engineering the shield then this is for you.I took some pictures and you be the judge.Thumbs down on this one.RagenRat
 I bought this stabilizer and i attempted to put it on myself . I choose the right part but it just wound not fit . I spent hours trying to get it on . Then I bought a factory replacement at the dealership and it went on in minutes . I thought Rancho was a quality replacement even an upgrade , not this one . by the time i tryied to return it it was too late and had to eat the cost . If your still interested in this part email me and you can have it .
 The mat itself fit great . It looked better than expected . The only draw back is that it did not come with velcro attachments in order to secure it .
 I actually ordered this for a Chevy Silverado and twice they sent it for a Cavalier . I ended up having to pay to have it returned the second time because I had to say it was my fault . grrr I am sure if it was for the right rig it would have b een great .
 After having multiple installation issues to begin with , it started to break apart . The cheap plastic holding the pull cord broke and was followed by the it physically breaking ripping itself apart . Luckily it fell apart while parked , with no weight on it and did n't fly off and hit someone . If you are looking for a rolling cover , look some place else .
 High quality filter , very tight fit and near impossible to remove without damaging it . No doubt it works but very hard to get out of try .
 K&N makes great air filters . This post is more about amazon . Make sure you double check your motorcycles correct fit on K&N web site . Amazon lets products in the search criteria that are wrong even if you type in everything specific to your bike .
 I Bought These filters for a 2002 Suzuki 800 Marauder VZ-800 . They Do Not Fit . You can not put high flow filters on this bike . I strugled for mounths trying to adjust the carb but it was imposable . Finaly I had to spend more money and buy OEM filters . Do n't wast your money If You have a Suzuki VZ-800 .
 I ordered an Air Filter from Eastern Performance Cycles , it said that my package would arrive on September 13th at the latest . I contacted them on the 17th and they told me that the item was back ordered . Did n't even tell me ahead of time , or contact when it became back ordered . Now it is more than a week later and I still have n't received my package , or an email saying when it will become available . I could have bought this item from somewhere else and had it by now . I will never order from them again .
 I have been waiting for this product well beyond any reasonable timeframe . I could have bought it and paid just a little more and had it in 3 days . Amazon must be sourcing this item from the Amazon rainforest by mule train . They are unresponsive to previous inquiry . I will cancel soon .
 I received the product today only to find that it was not what was ordered . I ordered a K&N ; Air filter and received an product I am unfamiliar with called DNA Air filter from a company in Greece.I contacted the seller and they were very cooperative in resolving the order . As it turned out , the DNA product was of same or better value so I decided to keep the filter
 If you are purchasing this to replace your stock OEM filter then you have some more research to conduct . To my dismay I ordered this filter to do just that and hoped for the boost in performance that I have always received from K&N . For an automobile this has always been a great investment . However , for a motorcycle like the Suzuki VL800 the tolerences are tighter on airflow . After install my bike seemed to have a lower compression and would sputter and lurch through operation ... hmmm thought this was going to boost performance ? After searching the forums , I found that the air/gas mix ratio on a bike is a different issue . Seems the forums have suggested either modifying the air intake , fuel injection or the pipes . Most said to do it all ... far cry from a replacement filter job . Now this advice is only my limited opinion as an end user . I am not a tech junkie nor a motorcycle repairman . I just write this to inform those that just want a simple replacement for the OEM filter . For me this was a bust . The filter that arrived was as described and was exactly what i ordered ... just not what I needed for right now .
 I purchased the K&N HA-6003 as a replacement for the stock filter in my 2003 Honda CBR600RR . The fit of the K&N was poor at best . I did manage to get it in , but not without considerable effort . Now that it 's in the bike , I am a bit worried about it sealing properly . If I had it to do again , I would go with a different hi-flo aftermarket filter , or the OEM .
 Very difficult to return . They had a 15 % restocking fee and I had to pay to return the product so I kept it . Wo n't be buying from K&N again .
 Threads stripped when I tried to use this unit . I decided to purchase a better unit for my needs . I did not try and get a refund as shipping would eat up the money that I would receave .
 Molesto y decepcionado en la forma en me embalaron esta compras Amazon , que retire hoy 26/04/12 de mi servicio de Courier en Venezuela.Una compra de 4 tornillos para m&iacute; veh&iacute;culo , modelos que menciono a continuaci&oacute;n : Goldline 81260 Alignment KitGoldline 81250 Alignment KitDe n&uacute;mero de orden
 I looked at the price of the OEM blower assembly , and was happy to get such a good deal on this . It bolted right in my 2003 Toyota Tacoma in a few minutes and worked like a champ . That was the end of October 2011 . Now it 's March and the fan is noisy like it 's not rotating smoothly , or maybe not balanced well . It 's the exact same noise I noticed on the OEM blower I had right before it went out . Even if it does n't go out completely , it makes enough noise that I am going to replace it out of annoyance . So , this is a good price , but I was hoping it would last more than 6 months . :-LRB- I think I might just buy a higher priced one this time and hope I get 8 years out of it like I did on my OEM blower .
 The bearing on this blower started howling worse than the OEM one that died a month after I installed this . On top of it this seller sucks and wo n't return my emails to return this .
 I have used K&N ; air filters on previous vehicles , and have gotten better performance , and better fuel mileage , with none of the disappointments I got when I received this air intake . I have been extremely happy with all of the other K&N ; products I have used in the past , but I can not say that about this piece.I purchased this cold air intake to increase the performance and / or gas mileage of my Toyota 4Runner . The instructions were vague on exactly which hardware to use , simply stating `` use provided hardware '' throughout the installation document . The fit of the parts is poor , and there might as well not be an `` enclosure '' provided , because of the large gaps around the intake tube , the space between the hood and the guard , and the space between the guard and inner fender . There was a handful of different washers , fittings , and other pieces left over after the installation that were not mentioned anywhere in the documentation , nor were they pictured.The throttle did feel a little bit `` sharper '' in that I got more acceleration with less travel of the pedal , but let me tell you what
 not a cap and rotor as described . It is a rotor only , and not the right application .
 I ordered this mirror for an '02 E-350 , and it 's suppose to fit fine . The picture shown matches the mirror that my van needs , but the mirror they sent me only works for vans from years 92-00 .
 I dont know if its a conspiracy or not , but these caps seem to seperate from their internals after about 35-50 fill ups or LESS depending on hard you torque the cap when closing it . Once it 's open , the only thing to keep it from spinning in its `` locked '' position are wedge brackets on the inside . Once these start to wear down , you 're either stuck with a gas cap that wo n't lock , OR even worse -- wo n't open -LRB- which happened in my case -RRB- . The only thing that surprised me more at that point was that I was able to just pull the locking cylinder out with the top of this cap coming of with it . What 's the point if it 's only keeping me out . Huge inconvenince in th long run ! Bring a screwdriver with you just in case if you DO happen to purchase one these cheaply made caps . I would suddest you go with the Motorad or the CST instead !
 Bought and installed in May ' 11 , stopped working Jan ' 12 . The locking mechanism no longer locks . I now get a &#34; check fuel cap &#34; warning indicator . Oh well .
 Its was n't what I thought it would be . The end of the cap is n't like the factories gas cap ! Found the proper gas cap at Baxter auto part store . That is the one that fits a true Honda Civic as the factory .
 If you want marginally whiter light at twice the cost and quarter of the bulb lifetime , buy these lights . To pay 1/8th of the cost with the same effective brightness , go with NEW stock lights.These headlights are not brighter at all . They are rated at `` maximum legal output '' when new . Most new vehicles have stock headlights that are rated at maximum legal output when NEW too . Since it 's the same law for all headlight , they have the same light output.But it was very interesting to understand how the claim for higher brightness was made , which proved to be a really creative marketing :-RRB- . Read on . `` Brightness comparison is based on coil luminance measurements '' -LRB- fine print from the package -RRB- . Some physics here . This light is whiter . What that means is the coil is burning brighter -LRB- hence the claim based on `` coil luminance '' -RRB- , but the bulb is blue tinted -- a blue filter that cuts off the yellow part of the spectrum and thus makes the effective light look whiter to us . But after the filtering , the amount of light emitted is still the same as on the stock lights.About the claims of better illumination , the fine print states
 I went through 6 of these in a Mazda5 in less than two years . Replaced with Philips with comparable light and no burnout in a year .
 I could not get this light to pereform , I found a used one in a garage sale made by craftmans and that is what I use . I 'm not a professional and maybe I 'm doing something wrong but my others lights have worked without me being a genious .
 I ordered it carefully , but when I got i \ t , it showed that it fit through 2011 Tacoma 's . There is a pump mounted on the fender of the truck that is in the way of this filter . I checked a 2010 Tacoma and it does not have that pump there . I think it is for the Downhill Assist Control or anti-lock brakes . I had to pay shipping and return fee , because they said it was my fault , but I specified the year of my truck when I ordered it .
 I bought it for my 07 Tacoma and it was easy to install . It gave the truck a nice sound when passing . It said to give 10 more HP at 4900 rpm 's , but Im never that high into my rpm 's . After having it on my truck for a week and reading more about it on some tacoma forums I decided to return it . Paying $ 200 for sound was just a little to much for me . So if you are buying it to have little rumble when you pass then its great , but dont buy it for anything other than sound.A little side note , while reading about my truck on Toyota forums technically Toyota 's come stock with a Cold Air Intake system , you just need to replace the paper filter with a cloth one .
 if you did a search for a 1991 dodge dakota and was sent to this product , it will not fit the spindle . the end on these is way too big .
 Item will not fit 1990 Dakota Pickup by Dodge . The shaft hole is too large for the motor shaft and the blade arms will not rotate .
 The Dorman 741-769 Window Regulator was not worth my money or time . My old window would not go up because the teeth on regulator bracket were worn down . After installing the new one the window was slow moving and made cracking noise . It was installed fine double checked that . It turned out the motor on the thing said 12V but it was half the size of my old one with the same voltage though . So i took off the new motor and put on my old one and it worked fine . Took up a lot of time believe the Dorman 741-769 Window Regulator is a faulty product . Should just beable to send the motor back and get half my money back .
 I was disappointed when the mechanic that installed this window regulator told me that the motor was about 1/2 the HP of the part being replaced and that the wiring was reversed -LRB- I need to press up for the window to go down and vice versa -RRB- . The window is now working but at about 1/2 the speed .
 This is useless to me because it does n't fit a standard trailer . -LRB- Its actually the same exact diameter as the shaft its supposed to fit on , whereas it should be larger so the shaft can fit into it -RRB-
 The steeler 's flag was chessy , not to mention really small . It fits in a women 's hand ! I bought it for my husband , he thought it was an iron-on ! That 's how small and rediculious it is . The plastic clip fit only one size , which of course did not fit my husband 's car ! It was totally a waste of our good , hard earned money . Very disappointed , very unhappy customer .
 i put this sensor in it ran good for a day then started acting checked it with computer it said it was the second sensor . i bought it it ran good for a day . checked with computer and replaced map sensor . ran good for a day went to parts store . they checked it with their computer and said front 02 sensor was bad i replaced it.the car runs fine . i guess it goes to show that when u buy the cheaper npart it is n't always cheaper . if i bought the more expensive sensor it would n't have cost me 300.00 in new sensors . i know better to buy the better brand bosch .
 Read my review about the passenger side mirror Dorman product number 51622 . This mirror fits perfectly as it should into the plastic base that they old mirror was removed from . However , the edges of the mirror backing film have come up or are rubbed off in a few places which almost makes the glass looked chipped . -LSB- ... -RSB- The mirror is glued to a piece of cardboard when it arrives and needs to be heated before the adhesive will let loose.Dorman customer service -LRB- the one time I have ever needed to contact them -RRB- was horrible .
 Does n't fit the 2002 Buick PArk Ave with heated mirror and auto dimming features . I called Dorman and they do not make the glass to fit this mirror .
 They got it wrong but there is a better solution go to auto zone buy a big truck mirror - trace out exactly the outline of your old mirror go to a glass shop and have them cut the mirror and they may even attach it to your car with some silicone and tape after it sets you can take the tape off . . !!
 I HAVE NOTING BAD TO SAY ABOUT THE SELLER OTHER THAN THEYARE SELLING A POORLY MADE PRODUCT.These hubcaps are very tinny and dont fit well.There were to tight the point I DENTED THEM TRYING TO INSTAll THEM.The fourth so loose I AM NOT SURE IT WILL STAY ON.I definently would not recommend thse to anyone.In conclusion dont waste your time and money .
 The handlebars looked great when I put them on my quad but they broke on the first use of them . They wo n't hold up under any stress of hard riding .
 I purchased Satisfied Brakes PR805 PRO Performance Vehicle Specific Disc Brake Pads 1-month ago to replace all-four pads on my Jaguar S-Type . They were installed with new rotors on the front and machined rotors in the rear . The company advertised that they match the friction requirement of the vehicle maker , but they do n't say what material is used to accomplish this . Both the braking feel and braking distance are inferior to my old very worn factory pads and all-four brakes squeal like a pig every time I touch the brake pedal . As you can imagine it is extremely annoying and embarrassing to have loud squealing brakes , it 's even worse when they are caused by your brake pads that were supposed to meet and exceed vehicle manufacturer requirements . I did everything I was supposed to during the brake-in period and I hoped that the loud squealing noise would go away in time -- Not so . 600 miles later my brakes are louder than ever . The guy at the shop who installed them advised me that the pads are very low quality -LRB- and semi-metallic opposed to the quieter ceramic -RRB- . He recommended that I order factory pads in the future , which are of much higher quality . I may try another higher quality after-market brand before going to the factory for a replacement , but I will NEVER buy a product from this company again . My advice for anyone considering buying brake pads is
 Although it said it would fit my Honda ATC 200ES it did not . Too long and also opening slightly too large . Very disappointed in this K&N product .
 This product did not fit my TRX-200sx quad ... . The description says that it would fit . The part that clamps onto the carb is too big and the filter is too long to fit inside the air box .
 Red and Black poles are opposite of other purchased materials . I purchased a solar charge controller and the battery terminals positive and negative leads are opposite .
 Would have worked great but it was missing a bracket , not sure if it was Amazon 's fault or Crane 's . Unfortunately out of business now and you cant get these parts anymore . Got a full refund , so it 's OK
 The product is capable of 400W output if you were to connect it directly to a car/truck battery . If you connect it to the cigarette outlet the output is only about half . Also the unit that they sent looks less attractive than the one shown on Amazon Website . Also , Amazon claims on it website that the product is warrantied for 1 year . The product documentation says 6 months .
 I bought this for the purpose of powering a laptop computer while on the road -LRB- which is one of the few things you can power from a small unit like this -RRB- . For the first year it worked OK with no problems , but then it began go into an overheat alarm after ~ 1 hour and repeat the alarm every 20 minutes . When the alarm begins I can smell an electric burning oder and the fan would kick on , but the fan does n't come on until the alarm goes off . I saw in the manual a statement of `` The fan comes on only with a 100 watt power draw on it '' , not by thermal detecting , and I 'm pretty sure the computer does n't draw the 100 + watts . I emailed Xantrex people explaining my conditions who just suggested a replacement . I responded that `` I do n't want a duplicate unit that will do the same thing '' and looked at another of their units , the Xpower 400 plus , but it too had the same statement in it 's manual about the fan . I again ask them and got `` Only our 1000watt units or bigger come with thermal activated fans '' . My unit overheating seems to prove that the fan is needed for more than just high power draw conditions , so if that 's how they 've decided to design a good part of their units and are n't going to change it , who can say but the same thing will happen to you . FYI
 I bought this unit for a trip to Alaska in my RV which has deep cycle batteries intended for repeated recharging . . The inverter works fine as long as the engine is running but when parked , the inverter 's alarm goes off when the incoming voltage is 11.5 V . That makes it pretty useless for most of my needs .
 I used this inverter several times and it was fine . Then I accidentally hooked it to the battery in reverse polarity . Yes , I know this was dumb , but mistakes happen.Here is what the manual says for diagnosing problems : `` The AC load will not operate . Digital display is off . `` Possible Cause
 Bought unit in July went up in a BIG cloud of smoke the end of November maybe used unit 3 or 4 times . I figured I would just send it to Xantrex under warranty , when I spoke to customer service I was advised it was out of warranty -LRB- 3 mo. that says alot about the product right there -RRB- I asked him if there was anything he could do since it was only a month out and it was only used several times he suggested that I take the unit apart to see what was wrong and try to repair it myself ! I did not tell him that I am an Electronic Technician this struck me VERY odd knowing how dangerous to someone without an electronic background this would be causing serious injury . This could have opened Xantrex to a SERIOUS LAWSUIT !!!!
 I 'm a fan of Xantrex products because their quality and performance . But this inverter does n't deserve to have the Xantrex logo . I just conected it to my battery , turned on and to my surprise and deception it failed inmediately with no load at all , and just left a fried electronic components odor ... Before energizing the system I always check for correct polarity so everything was OK -LRB- no inverted cables , no short cuts , correct grounding -RRB- Later I decided to buy a Xantrex SW2000 pure sine and thats a different happy story , it has worked perfectly so far .
 These pads did not fit my vehicle , a 2005 Ford Explorer V6 . Maybe they fit the V8 version . Unfortunately I damaged them when trying to install them so they were not returnable .
 The car shield arrived in an open box with no signs of ever having been sealed . The instuctions for installation were vague . A critical mounting piece broke making the entire car shield useless .
 I own an aluminum ramp already of good quality but wanted a wider ramp for easier loading . This ramp is flimsey and provides no traction to power the bike up . I tried to load my 400 pound bike but bought the ramp intending to load my 600 pound bike with it . No matter what , it was impossible to load the 400 pound bike into the bed of my 4wd truck . I 'm back to using my narrow ramp and this ramp went into the scrap pile .
 I did not get the oil filters that I ordered . I got air filters that did not even go to my generator . The order was correct ; the package receipt was correct ; the items placed in the box were n't even close . I finally got the company to refund my money but I had to call several times .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Caution , this will not fit all of the applications listed . There is a cross member on the 2006 Yukon XL and Suburban that intefears with this deeper pan . Construction and price on this item are both very good .
 This item is the mounting bracket kit for the light bar . You might want to try a little harder on your description .
 right product for the wrong truck , or the other way around ... description was n't good enough to pick the right item ... it 's sitting on the shelf un-used
 If you want to get this item anytime soon DO NOT order it from Amazon . Order it from another vendor instead . It will cost more on shipping but Amazon says it ca n't be shipped until LATE NOVEMBER . In stock and ca n't get to you for 2 months ? Amazon is NOT THE GUARANTEED LOWEST if you consider the price of the time you have your light bar just sitting in your garage . I rate Amazon 1 star on this one , not the product .
 The handlebars looked great when I put them on my quad but they broke on the first use of them . They wo n't hold up under any stress of hard riding .
 You get what you pay for very cheap metal made in taiwan . Feels like they just bent sheetmetal for the latches a week later rust was showing .
 el dibujo que muestran es exactemente el repuesto que estoy buscando pero al recibirlo me doi cuenta que no lo es como puede ser que en el dibujo tenga en total 5 botones y en el objeto que compre tienen en total 8 botones creo que no lo tenian y al notenerlo mandaron otro articulo parecido ... muy mala calidad en la compra ya que no es lo que compre
 The item is not worth a penny . It 's like a thin small paper . I threw it in the trash . Not recommended at all .
 The glass itself looks to be of decent quality , the only problem with it is it is cut to fit the passengers side and not the drivers side despite the title of the product . I double checked the part number on the package with what was listed in my order , and they all match - yet this does n't fit the drivers side , it fits the passengers side.Don ' t order this if you need the DRIVERS side glass .
 The handlebars looked great when I put them on my quad but they broke on the first use of them . They wo n't hold up under any stress of hard riding .
 This device saw occasional use over three years for powering a laptop and other gadgets . Ultimately , it stopped functioning consistently , with the fault light appearing more times than not . It 's too bad -- I was happy with the inverter , but expected a longer lifespan .
 When I attempted to tighten the straps down the stitching on one side ripped . Keep in mind I worked in the auto industry for about 10 years and used to install these types of items all the time , so I know what I 'm doing and was not putting an excessive amount of pressure when tightening it down.Cheaply made item and a waste of my money .
 When I bought the boat new in Sept. of 2006 the DL Swivel Tongue Jack 3400 came with it . The jack does not come in contact with saltwater when launching the boat . The boat is garaged keep when not in use . The jack and swivel plate is rusted making it very difficult to crank the wheel down and maneuver the boat . I 'm now looking for another brand . I feel it should have lasted much longer than it did .
 I ordered two # 20314 WirthCo Engineering Water-Resistant Master Switch to install one in our Jeep . I installed one on the negative side of our 2009 Jeep Wrangler battery as a kill switch to the electrical system to satisfy Jeep 's requirement when towed by a motorhome . The switch worked well for three months and it developed an internal disconnection problem which killed the engine when driving the Jeep . I installed the second new switch while on the road & it operated all of five miles down the road until it exhibited the same disconnection problem . I removed the second switch and use an alternative method to disconnect the Jeep 's electrical system for towing . I have not disposed of either switch in case WirthCo wants to study the switches for improving future internal function design solutions .
 Very quiet , no fan . I was all set to give it 5 stars but then I tested it with my 65 watt laptop power supply for witch I bought the inverter and it would not power it . It did power trivial loads such as my cell phone charger and my external 3.5 '' hard drive . Maybe the laptop startup current is just too much for it . So be warned if you want to use this with a laptop . My old noisy inverter that plugs into the exact same 12v socket worked fine .
 Handily sits in car cup holder . Quiet in operation . However , it functioned for two weeks then constantly alarmed . A high piched screaming/whining noise . Except for the noise it failed to function . Fuse is okay , tried in other vehicles and with Fully charged car battery . Unit fails to function . I would like to strap the engineer who specified such a noisy alarm to a chair , where he could listen to the noise for a few hours as retribution .
 PRODUCT WAS EXCELLENT , PRICE WAS VERY REASONABLE . THERE WAS NO HARDENER INCLUDED IN PURCHASE , THIS WAS LIKE PURCHASING SHOES WHICH REQUIRED SHOES LACES BUT NOT INCLUDED.AFTER BUYING HARDENER & SHIPPING WAS NOT THAT GREAT OF A PURCHASE AS PROMOTED TO BE.VERY DISSATISFIED & TURNED OFF BY PURCHASING IN FUTURE FROM AMAZON .
 The rated torque that this impact wrench has is not correct . After Fully charging both batteries and making multiple attempts it could not remove the lug nuts from my car , which i know have been torqued to 100 ft lbs . Also everytime i used this impact wrench there was a bad smell of burning electric motor which did not make me feel confident in this product .
 I purchased 4 of these cordless impacts every single one started smoking or burned out after 1 week of use . This tool is garbage .
 Looks great for the first week but mine faded rapidly from the sun ; sticker went from bright pink to a nasty yellow color in less than a month ! I removed it from my car , not worth the money .
 These are guaranteed to bring you grief . Their failure rate is nearly 100 % in my experience . Save yourself the pain and find an alternative .
 I bought this inverter over 3 yrs ago.It has been sitting in my garage ever since.This unit pulls the battery power fast and could n't power anything , not even the TV set!The 80w inverter works better for small appliances .
 I bought these thinking that My truck would ride smoother and get rid of the bounce and pogo effect -LRB- 2000 Dodge 1 ton Dually -RRB- . After I installed them I called KYB and ask if they would soften up a bit . They stated that the MonoMax shocks are 40 % stiffer than Stock ! Enough said . Theses are a BIT harsh for me . If I was hauling 1500 # all the time as a True Work Truck then they would work out fine , Not to great without a Heavy load in the bed
 I ca n't do a full review at this time as the unit was sent with a dead battery . I do n't understand why they bother to send the unit with a battery at all . ?? In the instructions , it states that `` The battery should be replaced immediately with a CR2032 lithium cell . `` Why bother to put one in at all if we also have to order a battery along with the unit ?
 Not worth the hype . reading 's are eratic . Cheap plastic housing . Not even worth the trouble of returning . Junk !
 Small , kinda chinsey . Can not tell where the device picks up its temperature reading -LRB- no visual line to target -RRB- . I have since seen better devices for not much more money . This should have cost half the price I paid .
 I bought this after my last laser thermometer was caught in a rainstorm and died . I was n't able to get another just like it , so I thought I 'd try something cheaper . Right from the start this thermometer showed signs of being inaccurate and it got steadily worse . Now , after only using it 4 times , it 's off by almost 25 degrees . Buy something else . This one 's not worth it .
 this product is ok for checking air condition vents and drafts.I use it to check my auto car air vents so will know when to service my air conditions
 This thermometer has a beam that spreads out conically , instead of measuring a single point . It works great , but is far less useful than a pinpoint measuring system .
 At the time of this review , this listing shows the item as `` Trans-Dapt 9339 Chrome Valve Covers - Set of 2 . '' First , this is not a set of 2 anything . It is a single part number 9339 , with no gasket or any other accessory that would make this 2 pieces , and it does not fit all the models Amazon says it will.I bought this valve cover for my 84 eagle wagon with the 4.2 L engine ; Per the amazon compatibility checker , `` This product fits your 1984 American Motors Eagle 4.2 L L6 Gas OHV Distributor-Breakerless Naturally Aspirated Carter Mechanical CARB 2BBL . '' It does NOT . Per the box the part came in , this item fits the Jeep 199-232 and 258 engines , model years 1964-1980 ONLY . -LRB- Also , this was purchased from Amazon , not a marketplace seller , so this was not an issue of a marketplace seller sending the wrong item vs. a listing error . -RRB- Now , if you do happen to be looking for a valve cover for one of those Jeep model years , in my not-a-mechanic opinion , it seems like a pretty nice cover . It felt sturdy , is nicely chromed , and the machining seems reasonably decent . Had this been the correct part for my car , there were a couple burrs in the metal that I would have filed off to make the bottom flat , but they were n't raised enough to pierce all the way through a gasket , and looked like they could be removed without damage to the surface that would be visible once installed .
 Amazon 's descrption claims that this filter is carbon-impregnated . But the arrived product is just a plain paper filter . Its color is white , not like the stock one in my cobalt .
 Priced way to high ! I thought when I purchased this that it was a fantastic deal , because I thought I purchased 4 packages with 4 rolls each . You get one package with for rolls . I went back a few hours later to cancel the order , but it said buyer was preparing to ship , so you could not cancel the order . Of course this is my error , misunderstanding the amount , but thought I would make sure no one else makes the same mistake I did . You can get a package of this toilet paper on sale at Campers World for much less . I paid almost 3 time what I normally pay for this toilet paper .
 I did everything that the instructions stated for prep.I wire brushed and used steel wool to get as much rust off as possible and clearly see where the rust was , then I cleaned the area with cleaning solvent and let it dry . Finally I brushed possibly 4 coats -LRB- every few minutes -RRB- using the cross etching technique to the various parts of the pinch welds under the car and the wheel wells . This was done during the Wisconsin summer months and all seemed good so far.It was n't until the fall with the rain and cold temperatures that I started to see the rust come through and begin staining . Now that it is winter the rust stains have only gotten worse . Beting that it is well below the stated temperatures to use Rust Bullet I will can not apply another coat.Surprisingly on the pinch welds where I DID NOT use Rust Bullet but had black Duplicolor Undercoating aerosol there has not been any sign of rust coming through the paint -LRB- I used the same prep methods -RRB- . For this I will not buy another Rust Bullet product and will try POR-15 in black .
 This little piece was tough to figure out . It flipped it around a few times before i figured out how it had to go . It serves a great purpose though . The directions with it are not very good . It shows a skimpy picture of the mounting piece itswlf , but not where it needs to go or which way it needs to go . Plus the mounting screws are hard to get lined up and figured out .
 I decided to purchase this oil stabalizer for my diesel engine . I added as directed during an oil change . When I started the engine the next morning I noticed it sounded different and seemed very sluggish . The engine started the same everyday with the different engine noises . When the engine was warm I did not notice any change , but when cold it just did n't sound right . After 1000 miles I took my truck in and had a oil system flush and oil change . My engine was back to normal and sounded much better . I do not recommed this product in diesel engines .
 I have not experienced any negative effects using the Lucas oil stabilizer . I was have issues with the oil in both of my cars burning off and lowering my engine oil level . I started using Lucas , first cut in half to split it between both vehicles because i wanted to see how they would react . Now I 'm using it full strength every other oil change and they run like champs . I 've cut down on the oil loss between oil changes and it 's great . I have not experienced any foaming or frothing like it is proposed in another review.I 'm going to continue to use Lucas to solve my oil burning problem and keep this updated with the results.Update
 I purchased this product in March of 2008 . Used it once and then had no need for it until recently . The battery will not hold a charge and will not start the vehicle it is attached to.I would n't recommend this unit if it is going to sit without use for any length of time .
 The jump starter I purchased would not hold a charge . I am returning the product even though it has been more than 30 days since I received it . Hopefully Amazon will replace the old one .
 Had this battery for a couple of years and now it has stopped working as several others report . Evidently SChumacher has a low quality product and poor customer service so I wo n't bother to ask for their assistance .
 I purchased this devise in 2008 . The first time I needed it my vehicle 's battery was completely dead . This devise needs to verify polarity before it will work so it will not start a battery that is completely dead . Had to call AAA . The same situation has happened with different vehicles at least 3 times . Each time the devise shows a full charge but fails to switch on . I do n't know if it ever worked . The whole point of buying this was to jump start a dead battery which it will not do . Looks nice in docking station and I 'm sure it uses a fair amount of electricity to keep it charged . Waste of money . Waste of electricity . Looking forward to the trip to the hazardous waste site since I ca n't just throw it in the garbage .
 Just sent back the second defective unit . Schumacher said they never recieved the first one I returned and I received the replacement a day later -LRB- their record keeping leaves a lot to be desired -RRB- . The replacement was also defective ! I bailed out and asked for a refund . Made in China-Beware .
 Simply it doesnt charge anything and the battery status says its fully charged . I have tried everything . It just doesnt work after barely any use . I bought it in April 2009 and used it once . Then , the next time -LRB- 6cyl . Vehicle -RRB- it did n't do anything . A friend had a snapon battery charger and upon connecting , the car started immediately . So , its not my car battery . Will be trying to get this replaced . I will update on the replacement process .
 Jump start batteries are a real blessing and every car or truck needs one - IN the car.This model seems to be a fine and powerful example , but is overpriced because of the docking station . Who need that ? Sure it keeps the battery topped up and ready to go , but is n't it a lot smarter to just buy a lesser priced battery and keep one IN each car ? If I need a jump start at HOME I can use my wired battery charger / jump starter . When I need a portable jump battery is away from the house . Someone at work leaves their lights on or has a battery going bad , I pop the trunk of whatever car I am in and loan them one of my -LRB- cheaper -RRB- jump start batteries.I cycle them out of the car every few weeks to top them up overnight in the garage -LRB- with the supplied AC chargers -RRB- then back into the trunk they go . All of the ones I have owned also include a +12 v cig plug so you can charge them in the car while you drive . So just take it out of the back and hook it up and charge while commuting one day a month or so and it will be fine.If you buy this and leave it sitting in the docking station then what are you going to do when your car does not start at work or at the store or when a friend has a problem ? You going to get someone to run you home to get this out of the station and go back and do the jump ? Use old fashioned jumper cable and risk damage to YOUR car ? What if no one is around to help ? Going to walk home to get your battery from the dock?This would be perfect for an office or a car dealership or something , but for the rest of us get a less expensive model for each vehicle and keep them IN the vehicle where they will USEFUL at any time day or night.I recently picked up a couple of new Vector 12 AH jump batteries right here on Amazon for $ 40 each delivered . No dicking station , but I could put new jump start batteries in TWO vehicles for less than the cost of one of these with a station.If the dock station were `` free '' - this jump battery was competitively priced - then this would be a 4 or 5 star product . Paying a lot extra for the station and leaving this at home would make this a 1 or 2 star product . Overpaying for the station and then putting this in your vehicle would make this a 1 or 2 star product .
 It seems like cheap you save around 50 % off , but still $ 90 because of docking station come with.Basically I like product but I do not like current price and docking station is no meaning .
 I received the Jump start for Christmas last year and have tried to use it twice with no luck . Can anyone tell me the proper way to hook it up . I ca n't find my booklet for it ? Thank you . `` Frustrated . ''
 The product looks of high quality , unfortunately it did not fit my Chrysler Town & Country 2001 despite a used the `` Find Part '' path starting with the right car make , model and year .
 I needed a pump for 2006 Cobalt and it has a large intake hole.The replacement which their site said would fit , and the picture did look like it , will not work . The picture did not match what I got.No way this will work . This and the unit will not fit in the slot that it is made for either . Waited a week or more to find out . Local stores do not carry , so will have to go to GM and pay a fortune , which is what I should have done and saved all this time wasted . Low price was a sucker buy . Do not trust their site pictures or the function they have that wsays it is the right part !
 January 9 / 2013 . I still have not recieved it !!! It has been ordered december 9 / 2012 !!! Could you , please , do something ? Murat .
 This is the wrong style/shape/design for my 94 Camry , which Amazon said was the model for my car when I bought it . I do n't mean it is n't an exact replacement , I knew that when I ordered it . I mean it can not be made to work/fit . I only learned this after the car was torn down to get to the old pump , so I had to buy a replacement at a local parts house . See the number of one star reviews saying it does n't fit their car -- I think there are three out of eight . The one I bought locally looked like the same quality at about the same price , so maybe buying generic replacement auto parts online is n't the thing to do.Fortunately Amazon took it back with a full refund .
 I purchased one of these rear window guards for my 2000 Yukon -LRB- new body style -RRB- with cargo doors . I was not expecting it to totally keep the rear windows clean , but I hoped it would at least provide an improvement to keeping some dirt/dust/snow / road salt off the windows . After having this now for over -LRB- 6 -RRB- - months through summer , fall , and now winter I can say it provides NO IMPROVEMENT whatsoever . My rear windows collect just as much crud as they did without the deflector.It does looks good on the vehicle and blends in nicely with the vehicle lines -LRB- it is not a `` bolt-on , after-thought '' look -RRB- . The hardware supplied with the EGR deflectors is chincy/cheap .
 Misleading photo - looks like exact TOYOTA 4-wire plug as on my car - that is where I 've been doomed . Actual thing was two bare wires . I needed 4-wire sensor not two wire one .
 i recieved the t harness with no problem but after installing it i developed some problems called the tech line for the manufacturer only to be told that some of the harnesses had been manufactured incorrectly so rather than remove it from my car i examined the connections and fixed it myself no problems with amazon but i would not recommend this product very highly
 I had four dents on my car -LRB- it 's 10 years old -RRB- . We 're getting it repainted so I wanted to try and get some of the dents out . The suction cup did n't even lock on any of the dents . It wants a perfectly level area to adhere to . So basically , except for the windows , there is not a completely flat surface on the car it would suction on , dent or no dent . For the heck of it I tried to get it to lock on the hood of my car where there were no dents . Not even there ! This was a useless waste of money . I went back and got the Bondo dent puller , but the three step instructions are horribly unclear , so we 'll see how that works ... . if I can figure it out .
 This seemed to do more harm than good for my car . I tried to pull a ding out on the side of my car with this , and it pulled it about half way out . BUT , it actually made a new dent where the rubber of the suction cup was pulling . So ... I say if you want to get a dent pulled to look like new , go to a body shop . Any other means to get dents out have been without avail .
 FedEx never delivered the Bug Shield so I went back to AutoParts Way to let them know . They said they would credit the purchase when FedEx got back to them crediting them for their loss . FedEx credited them but then never sent a new Bug Sheild nor have they credited my Amex account to date . I started an inquiry with Amex but that has not been resolved yet . However , Amex credited my account while the inquiry is being processed . Auto Parts Way did everything via email with this . My biggest complaint with them is they would not ship a replacement even though they got credited for their loss . Not sure I would do business with them again .
 This knob fell apart within 2 weeks . I would recommend purchasing a metal knob instead of a cheaply stiched together knob .
 The B&M Short Shifter Knob fits a B&M shifter but needs an extension if you want the knob above the console . Had to re-use the original shifter knob -LRB- equipped with about a 4 inch extension -RRB- on my new replacement B&M short shifter -LRB- 01 Viper -RRB- , otherwise the with this knob you would be scraping the console with your wrists trying to shift . It is also much smaller than it looks and would look puny in place . Would not recommend this knob .
 The handlebars looked great when I put them on my quad but they broke on the first use of them . They wo n't hold up under any stress of hard riding .
 The floormats are not a good fit in the front floor boards . Neither side fits like the manufacturers mats and they are not cut as seen in the picture . If you want something that is a meg shift fit , then these are for you .
 Was totally disappointed . The shield was too narrow and did not really protect the car hood enough . Also , the ad showed something totally different - a different car . There should be a different photo for the specific car.Lund 730095 Interceptor II Smoke Colored Wrap Bug Shield
 I have a 2001 Chevy S-10 and when I connected it I got a `` No link '' message . I also tried it on my 2009 Hyundai Santa Fe and got a `` link error '' message . So I have two vehicles and it struck out on both .
 This horn was awesome when I first bought it . It failed on me after about a year . the compressor still works but only 1 of the trumpets is working now and it 's not very loud . Maybe there 's dirt or a little moisture in it . This horn can not be dissembled and cleaned though , at least not without breaking into it . Many other people have complained about the high failure rate of this product . even though it 's the loudest compact air horn I have been able to find , I would not recommend buying it . To me a horn is incredibly important to be able to depend on . This is not a product that has inspired my confidence . Buyer beware .
 I installed this horn on a Harley Road King a little more than a year ago . It was a difficult installation , but the finished product was worth it ... up until it just failed . Sounds like Daffy Duck now , and ca n't be heard when running . It was a very loud , and effective horn until it croaked , but when I need a horn , well I need it ! Looking at other web mentions , there are numerous similar failures . Get something else .
 The Nautilus Air Horn can wake the dead . My friend says he had ear ringing for two days after I blasted it in the garage -LRB- not recommended -RRB- but who could resist . You really need the wiring kit , unless you just like buying and cutting wiring as a hobby . The horn is large and pretty ugly , so get the black one . I still did n't have a hard time finding a place for it on my Triumph Bonneville T-100 . Now we are n't stuck with that little ineffective `` beep-beep '' horn that would n't make a cat take notice . Just do n't overuse it!Here 's an update-the horn died on me after one week ! Now it just makes a whimpering sound that makes you want to buy another ! So I did at the reduced price of $ 30-hope the first failure was just a fluke . I really like the sound-but come on . . they 've got to last a while !
 Recieved the horn . Box says Flosser , the horn has Flosser in big letters where its sposed to say Stebel as it does in the picture on Amazon . The box says its 115 db at two metres , not the 139 db its supposed to be . Came with no reciept so dont know if there will be a warranty . Would not have bought if it had been properly discribed , just another ripoff .
 Yep it was loud and it was easy to install on my 2008 Harley Road King . Problem was it was pretty much junk after only two seasons . Take my advice . Shop around and buy another horn that was build in North America with quality metal parts .
 I got the horn for my motorcycle for a louder sound and to let people know where I am on the road when i get cut off . I thought i was getting a Motorcycle Compact horn from Stebel and got a Compact horn for Cars . the instructions are easy to read but they are for a car not motorcycle . I assumed -LRB- i know what that means -RRB- I would have the motorcycle Horn -LRB- wrong -RRB- i will be returning and getting the correct horn . also i was going to keep the horn if sounded loud -LRB- WOW Sounded like a sick cow or moose -RRB- thier was more sound out of stock horn than this thing . Two thumbs down from me , sorry not impressed RideSafer Motorcycle Saftey Products .
 I bought this Stebel Nautilus air horn that took over 6 hours to install in my Honda F4i . It was because there was only one space that it would fit into that was difficult to get to . And after the motorcycle was reassembled and I left the shop , it worked for about 5 minutes ... Now I have a dead horn stuck inside of my motorcycle since it would take hours to remove .
 This product will break easily . The door that holds the filter in place is flimsy . I tried getting a hold of someone to purchase the door . Customer service is NON Existent , so I strongly suggest getting a car sprayer from Brookstone instead of this one . If this company had any level of customer service , then I would recommend this product highly . The product works extremely well , however the construction leaves a lot to be desired .
 This product is horrible , and do n't get me wrong it is good the first few times you use it but prolonged use will cause damage to your car . After i used this about three times the fourth time cause peeling of paint on my hood and trunk lid and now I am in a battle with Mr. Clean to get my money back.BUYERS BEWARE OF THIS PRODUCT
 The cheap plastic water hose coupling that comes with this product failed after about 20 washes.The soap compartment leaks between washes . The only way I can prevent a puddle of soap from leaking onto the shelf is to empty the soap before storing the product.Rinsing the car with the filter turned on takes a long time since the filter reduces the amount of water coming out of the gun dramatically.It is 3 or 4 times quicker to use a drying cloth instead of the filtered water.I use this product to wash a black Mustang . Black does not forgive water spots or streaks.The water filters included in this kit say they are good for 3 washes . The replacement filters from Mr Clean say they are good for 10 washes . The filters that say 3 washes did not leave any water marks on my car . The filters that say 10 washes leave water streaks everywhere . If I could buy more of the original filters , I could overlook the other problems with this product .
 Do n't buy this item . The supporting supplies have been discontinued by the manufacturer -LRB- P&G -RRB- . It worked great too . What a shame .
 This , by far , is the worst piece of car cleaning aid that I have everpurchased . Save your money for a good bucket , sponges and a quality carwash such as Meguiars , etc. . Finish up with a quality chamios and you ` llstill be money ahead ! ~
 Do n't buy this product , you will end up with more water spots than before , you will waste more water than with a normal wash , and you will always have to buy the filter and soap every 10 times of use.Also I takes more time to clean a car with this system than with a bucket , in average it takes me to clean a car 45 minutes , and with this system I clean a car in over 1 hour and 10 minutes , not included the time it takes me to dry for water spots left in the car.Steps to clean a car with a bucket and water :1 - Remove dirt with a sponge and water2 - Dry the carSteps to clean a car with Mr Clean1 - Rinse the car2 - Rinse the car with soap3 - Remove dirt with a sponge4 - Rinse the car to remove soap5 - Use the filter option to rinse the car with purified water -LRB- this takes a lot of time because the pressure is low and you need to be sure to rinse all the car very slowly -RRB- If you see there are a lot of steps in the Mr Clean autodry system , that is why it takes more time to clean it.Belive me , this system do n't work as advertise , even they have a money back guarantee it will cost you more to return it .
 This thing stinks . It was recommended as a `` custom-fit '' product for my specific vehicle -- a 1984 Toyota 4WD Pickup . On attempting installation , I found that it was not customized at all , and was n't even a remotely close fit between the 5-speed shifter and the 4WD shifter . The material quality is lacking as well . What a mess .
 These are junk . I put on my car and the car shook violently when braking . I put different ones on and the shaking disappeared . Unsafe .
 Just two months after the purchase the cables that conect the helmet with the radio work bad , first I lost one speaker , later the mic , next last speaker . I do not recomended this cables .
 I bought it because I thought PIAA is a famous brand . But returned the item right away after finding out that it is no way close to Xtreme White . It says 4150K but but I think it is close to 3600K . Not only that it was n't powerful enough as well.H11 is very unique fitting and it is hard to find in local dealers because only few vehicles use it . Like my 2006 4Runner . So you dont have much options . But recently all the big brands have released this fitting which can be easily found on internet -LRB- after a few searches -RRB- . Finally I bought H11 NOKYA 4500K Magnum with high watt output . I am really happy with it .
 I bought this item about 2 weeks ago looked good in the package ant seemed to be in working order once it was installed by a ase certified mechanic my a/c system was charged up but would n't the part was sticking so now i have to buy a replacement which isnt a big deal but i must have the system evacuated and the part is located behind the dash board so it is going to cost me 250 once again so to save 30 dollars it cost me 250 when i spoke with amazon they said tough cookie but we can give you a 10 dollar credit do not buy ant part for your car for ant internet site just get it locally so it does n't cost you twice as much -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Paint did not meet the claims that it could be used on wood stoves . I turned burnt brown after a week .
 I would not recommend this product . shifting is not precise . chrome plate below the boot is plastic -LRB- which is not in the description -RRB- . Although I do like B&M products , I would not purchase this item again . I will be upgrading to a better shifter real soon and just eating the cost of this one . I only gave this a one star because it would not let me leave it at zero stars .
 This is listed for 2005 and earlier FXDWG Wide Glides . It is not the correct part so I returned it . Looks like it is for Dyna 's without the bobtail fender .
 Ordered these for a 2005 FXDWG , as the fitment states the plates will fit , they will not , the ones sent are for Dyna 's . Found out that the 2005 FXDWGs came with sissy bars from the factory on most of the units , the after market did not sell any if but a few . Went to HD and found they carry the correct plates under original equipment parts at $ 132 for the pair . Called Powersports , informed them of the problem and they admitted the mistake , said this ad was placed in error and reimbursed my payment . Remember , go to Harley this time , you will get the correct parts for your bike !
 Got two of these at the end of the season -LRB- Sept -RRB- . So I did not use them until this spring so the warranty is no good . Always had a problem with the release button to pick up the chin bar on both of them . After just a few rides one of the buttons broke and will not work at all . I would stay away from Fuel helmets .
 We received the package today , and it turned out to be a used piece of trash . The box inside the packaging had a label saying `` Damaged '' on it . The helmet itself had been used and had a 2-inches long crack on it . They had sent us a broken product that had been clearly marked as broken . This is unacceptable and highly degrading .
 I ordered the XLg version of this helmut but I noticed right off that it was too small . After I examined it closer I noticed that the padding in the helmut was sized XLg . I then removed the padding and saw a big L inside the helmut . What they did was to put a XLg padding inside a Large size helmut and then called the thing Xtra-Large . Apparently they had no XLg helmuts around so they sold me a Large helmut with an XLg padding ! Better to stay far away from this as you probably wo n't get the size that you ordered .
 Had this helmet for a week and its about 15 minutes from home to work one way each day . This is the most uncomfortable helmet I have ever had . The padding fabric has honey-cone shape at the center -LRB- from the forehead all the way to the back of your head -RRB- to help air circulation . But this honey-cone shape fabric cut into the skin of my forehead so much , it left a honey-cone imprint on my forehead for an hour -LRB- keep in mind , this is only 15 minutes ride -RRB- . The imprint will last for up to 2 hours on my forehead . I do n't understand why the other reviewer , Flo Troche , said its comfortable . My guess is he must be working for this company or something . And you might question maybe my size is not correct , and that is just not the case , it fit perfectly on my head . I had carefully measured my head size with the chart .
 The overall construction is crap . big seams , misaligned rivets and such . very uncomfortable , part of lining digs in to my ear . it is gigantic . like shoulder width , no kidding . although it feels really tight for a large . its not too heavy but the weight is so spread out and high up over your head it makes you feel -LRB- and look -RRB- like a bobble head . and it is HOT . fogs up really bad too . the vents are apparently just for show , even at 65mph there is no difference when they are open or closed . pass on this one .
 The first thing I noticed about this helmet was its cheap construction . The plastic shell feels flimsy and plastic trim pieces feel like they could very easily be ripped off . The construction is not solid enough to inspire much confidence in safety . Even for just $ 80 , I feel like I 've been ripped off .
 When I purchased the low boy I tought I would get an entire creeper for my husbands fathers day gift . Low and behold I got a wheel from a creeper in an empty box !!! I contacted the seller twice and he still has not sent me the creeper . Needless to say I have canceled his payment through my credit card company . Thank goodness for credit cards or I would be out $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for a wheel . What a scam !!!!!
 While I buy stuff from Amazon.com quite often , this item can be purchased from Advance auto parts for $ 2.79 over the counter . This item is way over priced - why pay double ?
 This is the second visor I have bought that does not fit a 2003 f150 crew cab . It said it would on the vehicle check feature . Not too sure why that is but the window shape is definitely different that what I have been sent . The visor has rounded edges which will not work in a squared off window frame . The picture depits a squared off shape so be careful on this one .
 This did not fit my truck . I could n't role the window up after I had fought with it for a long time . Thankful Amazon took it back .
 This air horn set is priced at about one third of the cost of a good quality -LRB- Hella , Fiamm , etc. -RRB- set . Although the set is complete , including mounting brackets and relay , everything appears flimsy and a bit crude . It works as advertised and sounds just like a good Italian horn , but I am curious as to how long it will function before I end up replacing it with a quality horn set .
 I did not buy this from Amazon , but the product does not have what it says it has . Its list of features -- on the Kensington web site , in the owners manual , in its ads -- all say it has two AC outlets . Well , it only has one . When I talked to their technical support , they claimed that because their three-prong outlet was also a two-prong outlet -LRB- duh ! -RRB- , that counts as two . What a crock!Such a blatant misrepresentation -- makes you not want to trust anything Kensington claims about any of its products .
 I put this on my wifes Pt . the two back windows are fine , but the front windows hit the visor on the way up . I think a in chanel with tape is the best way to go and wont buy this again .
 I recieved my cold air intake and installed it in April 2011 . Install was a breeze with no surprises . Ive been driving with this thing for 5 months and the following are my results .1 -RRB- No obvious horsepower increase . I think my throttle response is improved but so slightly that I cant even be sure .2 -RRB- Gas mileage has suffered . Used to average 14.5 to 15.5 mpg . Now my average is 12 to 13 . This thing will never pay for itself and has definitely cost me money at the pump .3 -RRB- Makes whistling noise . Sounds like I have brake squeal or loose belt while accelerating down the road . I have spent a lot of time to find a loose fitting and air leak . The squeal noise is coming through the filter itself . The filter looks great and doesnt look like it has any defects but the squeal is definitely air sucking through filter.I am now deciding whether to put old air intake back on.I was really looking forward to this thing making a difference , unfortunately the difference I got was all negative .2006 F150 Lariat 2wd
 This heater barely puts out any heat . Might be good for a very small place but did nothing to help in the car .
 I plugged this heater right into my 12V cigarette lighter , and it blew the fuse . I hear this is a common occurrence with this item . The defroster in my car does n't work , so I tried this product . It ca n't even blow enough heat to clear the fog from my breath . I put my hands directly on it and it barely kept them warm for the drive home . I had to drive 20mph all the way home because I could n't see out of the windshield from all the frost/fog . Please save yourself the time and money and find another product .
 I bought two of these as window defoggers for my old Aerostar . Along with the backward-labeled switch -LRB- all of them are like this -RRB- , the unit heater coils cut out after a while . The internal connections are pressed into place , and the fan shakes enough when running that they eventually vibrate loose . Then all you have is a noisy fan . Until then , I found that two correctly-aimed units were enough to keep the windshield from fogging up . Unfortunately , both broke down within a week of use.I recommend shoppers look around a bit more . There HAS to be something designed and assembled with a bit more care .
 The heater draws 200 watts of power . The manufacturers recommend a 20 amp circuit for the accessory power outlet -LRB- Cigarette lighter socket -RRB- . Operating the heater on a 10 amp or 15 amp circuit could result in the outcome reported by the earlier user . Please check the vehicle manual to be sure that you would be able to operate this heater in your vehicle . I do n't own this product but have read the reviews and details of this product . Hence , please ignore my ratings .
 Made a lot of noise but could not generate enough heat to remove fog from a windshield let alone ice even when held right up to the windshield . The only heat that could be felt was if you held your hand 1/2 an inch directly in front of it and that was minimal at best . Bought this because the heater in my car had ceased working and to cope with the sudden freezing temperatures in Central California making it very difficult to get going in the early mornings . What little heat it throws is generated from a tiny light bulb . Very misleading . The 20 % restocking fee -LRB- which should have been revealed up front but was n't -RRB- and return postage made it not worth even returning . Would definitely not recommend it to anyone . Save your money and time .
 Purchased for my father 's truck that had a leaking heater core . This item was too small to put out real heat , barely defrosted one spot on the windshield . Would not recommend if you need real heat
 another piece of crap that needs to be taken off the market ... . I ca n't beleive they would sell something like this .
 Did not work when I got it , so they replaced it now this one broke after 2 months . would like to get it replaced
 This item does not do anything near what i expected it to do . It does n't heat or blow well . Not worth the money i payed for it .
 Not a very good product . Made horrible noises when running . Could not even hear the radio . Then it blew a fuse and never worked again . Threw it in the trash . What a waste of money .
 It takes entirely too long to defrost , defog my windows I live real close to work I do n't have time to wait a hour or more for this to warm up , but when it does get hot I 'll let you know how long it took .
 This heater lasted about 10 seconds in my car . I have a 2001 Toyota Corolla and I didnt have the stereo on or anything and I plugged in this heater and it blew my fuse . My cigarette lighter uses a 15amp fuse and it is a 12v socket which only has a maximum wattage output of 180 watts -LRB- 12 x 15 -RRB- so please make sure your car has enough power to use this heater . Honestly if it blew a fuse that quick , its not meant for the everyday car so buy at your own risk . Plus I had to pay to return the darn thing so that was $ 5 in the trash
 The heater arrived quickly , was easy to set up and install , and was pumping out mostly-warm air within seconds . Less than 3 minutes after plugging it in and turning the heater function on , my 12v outlet began smoking and the heater died , causing me to pull over and remove it before things got worse . Mechanic determined that the heater was drawing far more power than the average 12v socket can handle . The heater itself is cheap , but the $ 80 bill to have my cigarette lighter replaced was not worth the cost . Returning the item immediately .
 This item is extremely poor quality and barely works at all . . Please do n't waste your money ... You 'd be better off breathing on your windows .
 First off , this did not come with instructions and was open . : / The switch was backwards , fan = heat and heat = fan . Pretty loud and blew the fuse in my cigarette lighter . There 's my review of this `` heater '' .
 Does n't get very hot , very noisy , cheaply made and the fan and heater switch on mine are reversed . Do n't waste your time and money on this car heater .
 Hoping to get something to defrost my window in my coach ... Thought this would do the trick after reading about it ... I have heard the statement before , `` there 's no truth in advertisment '' and this time it is true ... This is a piece of junk that I had to fix right after turning it on ... Very little heat with amost no circulation ... This junk should not be allowed to be sold ... Nothing but Flea Market trash ...
 I guess in a life and death situation it will provide enough heat not to die ... the fan rattles and it barely puts out any heat .
 Do n't buy it . Wast of money . Better off fixing the heater core . I thew it back in the box and hate that I wasted my money on this crap .
 Smaller than I thought.The switch is wired backwards . To set it to heat you have to set it to fan , and to set it to fan you have to set it to heat . I ordered two of these , one for a gift and one for me . The other one is a gift , so I 'll have to warn them or hope it works right .
 I installed this to my VW Jetta and it was whistling at high RPM . I can hear the TXV whistle from inside the car so my AC does not cool . I had to pay an AC mechanic to replace it with a real TXV , which fixed my problem . For DIY'ers , look elsewhere as it will cost you money to replace this .
 I have owned LUND products before , so I was sure this was going to be a good bargain . Unfortunately , even after stating my vehicle make , model and year , it still did n't fit . Not even close . Nice product though .
 Be careful !!!!! The picture next to the price is not the kit you are buying , part # otc 6488 is the kit you will be getting and otc 6489 is what they are showing . When you call customer service to ask about the picture and kit being different all you will hear and I quote `` I do n't care . '' I will never buy anything from Amazon and/or Tool source ever again , and would advise you to be careful .
 This kit was completely useless ! The stabilizing bracket for the back of the camshaft broke at the weld during installation . It added an extra 2 days of repair because of the timing issues that resulted from the defective kit ! Very frustrating and upsetting , especially when you consider the extra shipping fees I paid because I needed it so quickly .
 As an animal lover , I feel ill that anyone would think up , sell , buy or this bumpersticker . I pray for the day when no one will find animal cruelty a joking matter .
 Ordered these thru Amazon , thinking they might have more control on quality . Surprise . Seats are not as shown in picture , one had the 3A Racing logo sewn into the headrest -LRB- big -RRB- , and the other was just embossed with the logo -LRB- Not even the same logo -RRB- . Seat operators were not same from seat to seat . They were ` universal ' mount , although sold as fitments for our car.By the time this all came together , shipping boxes were discarded , and way too big of a hassle to correct -LRB- with no guarantee we would n't have the same problem . The dealer for 3A -LRB- items from China -RRB- have NO good reviews , and now find that BBB has dropped them.Thanks Amazon .
 This unit is very lightly built and burned out in two months . The dashboard dimmer was flakey from the beginning . I replaced it with a unit costing twice as much , but in the end this unit was no bargain .
 I am sure this product is fine but beware the picture does not match the product . This is a hydraulic pressure switch not a cable switch . It is not worth my time and cost to return this product as the shipping cost is the same as the part . The seller needs to correct the picture !
 I purchased both this mirror and a mirror that attaches via a suction cup shown here : CIPA 11050 Suction Cup Marine MirrorBuy the suction cup mirror . This bolt-on mirror , the bolt-on portion is poorly designed . The screws that hold the bracket to the frame also hold the mirror onto the bracket . So if the screws holding the bracket to the frame come even the slightest bit loose the mirror is just flopping around because those same screws hold the mirror onto the bracket . The only way you could possibly get this thing to stay is to be able to drill holes all the way through your boat frame and put nuts on the back to hold this thing on . But that 's impossible since the boat frame is surrounding the glass in your boat . Anyway , a VERY poor design.It ended up working it 's way loose every couple of minutes and just ended up putting tons of scratches and dings in the boat frame it was bolted to . VERY poor design . The mirror itself is a great quality , so if you can bolt the mirror directly to the boat rather than using the bracket to put it around the glass frame , you 've got a good mirror . Otherwise , buy the suction mirror . The suction mirror stays on & worked perfectly . But do n't waste your money on this one .
 Plastic surrund is thin/flexible , and it does n't appear or feel well made . Also , the screws that mount it to the windshield frame contact the frame , which will cause scratching and marring . It 's going back and I 'm going back to CIPA .
 This light is good for night time use but for use in daylight it ca n't be seen any distance it is not any good for use in the daytime would never buy this light again wanted a light that i could use in the daytime as well as the dark with the use of the Blue or just use the Red light when i need to and the red and blue together is great as long as you use it at night .
 manufacturer has a good idea but the design of the clear exterior lens is poor . the light is not visible in daylight and is nothing like other led lights at night either . could be changed and made a lot better .
 The product is very poor , it breaks even on a very slight bend . Inthe video instructions from the website , it says you can bend it slightly during insertion , to fit it in the window , As I did as i was instructed , the visor broke .2 visors apparently broke . . I was very disappointed with the product.Its warranty is useless.Can I have a refund with this product ?
 I purchased one of cover king 's covers for a different brand car and it did not even come close to fitting and because it was a `` custom '' cover , they would not take it back or make it right . So I have an expensive dust collector in the garage right now . Just a caution to anyone considering a custom cover from cover king purchased through auto barn . I 'll never do business with either company again for any reason .
 The part provided did not fit a 1976 F100 , therefore , it was usless for the required task . It was about 1/2 an inch smaller in diameter .
 This part did not fit my 88 4.9 Ford right . I made it work . I am buying one from Bronco Graveyard .
 RECEIVED A WRONG DIAMETER OF THE BEARING PROTECTOR AS ALSO 6 WRONG PLASTIC COVERS , EVENTHOUGH I GAVE THE CORRECT INFO
 first time ordering lights for my car and i got it broken im sending it back hoping to get a working one it has a magnet attched to it but it falls off the dash board not really worth it but whatver
 The product quit working only days after getting it in the mail . i do not recommond this item .
 so noisy , i ca n't use it . if ur sitting inside the car , then u ca n't do anything . It gives you headache .
 I use this light at work all the time , as security . It is decently bright , but kinda loud . It could be a little bit brighter and quieter . But for the price , it works just fine . Lets people know you 're there and that 's all that matters . Update
 The third replacement of this light was shipped today . The first one did not rotate . Neither did the second one . I do n't mind that it is not high quality ; I only need it to operate for one day . But it would be nice for it to work out of the box.If this third one does n't work it will be too late . I will request a refund and Amazon will have spent ~ $ 30 for three round trips to not sell a $ 15 item.Even if this one works it has been annoying to waste my time sending back defective junk to get what I should have had the first time .
 I was totally disappointed with this product . Stopped working within a month . This is a poor product . Do not recommend .
 ORDERED 2 OF THESE ITEMS THE BLUE ONE FAILED AFTER LIMITED USE . THE RED ONE STOPPED WORKING AFTER I KEPT IT IN THE BOX FOR 90 DAYS THAN PLUGGED IT IN . BY CONTRAST , I HAVE USED ANOTHER MODEL FOR OVER 12 YEARS TO MONITOR WHEN THE POWER IS ON TO MY GARAGE DOOR OPENER and the only issue has been 2 bulb changes and the plastic dome has gone dingy in the extreme CHICAGO WEATHER .
 This product is one not very bright and it is not water proof . At night it seems to be ok but any light works at night.I had to seal it and it still got water inside of it . Not even after a week of having it the rotator inside would not turn . I had to take it apart and get it to move and even now it still has to be shook at times to get it to move . I would not reccomend this product to anyone .
 You really do get what you pay for with this prudct . There are n't alot of details about the product but looking at the light the bulb is a 20w bulb , barely bright enough at night . Light can not be seen during the day so do n't be suprised when no one pulls over . This is a very cheap product which is suprising from wolo , but hey what do you expect for $ 20 ?? good first light when you first join that fire dept , but be ready to upgrade once you know that you wan na actually get to the fire station !
 Does n't fit . Electrical plug not compatible with OEM . Went through Autozone , same pt . no . plus drove approximately 50 miles plus gas .
 This item does n't fit on the Chevrolet Tracker 2001 4cyl 2.0 l , like Amazon advertised here , so , do n't waste your time if you have that vehicle . It is n't OE type fitment .
 In order for the mounting plate to fit , you must cut out a section of the side to fit around the power steering resevoir mounting bolt . So its not a quick install .
 I have an 01 cheverolet Prizm and when i installed this oxygen sensor the car would lose power when cold , unless i put my foot all the ways down . After warming up it was fine . Not happy with my purchase!Update i installed a Denso 234-4205 Oxygen Sensor and it works great . when i took the Bosch one out it was covered in soot due to poor fuel burning .
 Get the OEM DENSO brand and you ca n't go wrong . My car stalled just like the other customer who had the same review .
 We installed it in my toyota corolla and it made my car run terribly . Almost like the transmission was about to fail . After 2 unsuccessful days of attempting to make changes we eventually uninstalled it and put the old one back in . Then the car ran perfect once again.I would not suggest this product to anyone .
 I thought this was a good idea for my daughters Caddy . She did not want to put money into replacing the A/C compressor when the clutch bearing went on it . After a whole lot of hassle getting the old compressor out and putting this in it makes more noise than the bearing did . Now instead of bearing noise all we get is belt squeal . I tried with a new and a used belt and it just squeals away . Not happy !
 I got this light to put on my atv for when i plow snow in the winter . when i first got it i thought the product was very bright , but it had a very short cable . after 3 days it broke and i do not recommend it to anyone .
 was broken before I took it out of the box . Crap because i really needed it as a prop in my film but hey you get what you pay for
 Despite carefully checking the specs before I ordered it , the product was not sized correctly . It was also missing several pieces , most importantly , one of the metal rods was missing along with several other small pieces for the bottom . Amazon is a great place to shop but I was very disappointed with this purchase and will not order auto parts like this online again . Amazon accepted the return of the product and refunded our money .
 This item did not match my needs . It did not fit.I asked for a cap for a 2008 Jaguar and the information I received said that it was the right item . It was not .
 This is not a u joint i received an oil seal with that same 1-1610 number . Poor product labeling . DO NOT buy if you are looking for a u joint . Its a seal
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 DO N'T BUY THIS ITEM OR ANYTHING THAT GOES WITH IT ! it is impossible to install buy yourself without messing up your car and no car shop will install it because it 's junk . do n't waiste your money ! like i did ...
 I have a Dodge Ram 1500 . The cover did n't fit at all . It is WAY too small . The headrest covers did n't fit either . It tore as I tried to put it on . Definitely wo n't work for a full width bench seat . I really sorry I wasted the money . MIGHT work for a small bench seat with separate head rests .
 Hi There , The product says clearly for Dodge RAM but unflrtunately it does not fit into the dodge RAM by all meansThat is scamming and unbelievable !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 this seat cover should be half the price considering how easily it rips and tears . i guess the dodge logo is what costs so much . and no , this is not universal . if you have a larger bench look elsewhere where they will tell you the width and be sure to measure your bench . im starting to look at covercraft seatcovers which for 20 bucks more , i could have gotten a custom seat cover of better quality . shame on me .
 Do n't use with anything over 200 watt start-up load . This thing will burn up with anything more . That means start-up load . I do n't know about run-load
 thin thing will not work ! i called tech support and you can not get ahold of anyone . so i sent it back for a refund !
 Bulldog Security products are trash all around . I 've had the KE150 Keyless Entry System for several years now , and never had any range on it . I found out years later that they shipped that model with the wrong remote . Since I already had the unit installed in my car , I was n't about to remove it and ship it back , so I lived with it.I have to put the remote within a few inches of the antenna wire and push the buttons several times to get any results.I thought this new remote would offer improved range , but it does n't . In fact , it 's no different than the one that came with my system.So I can only assume the KE150 was defective to begin with.This new remote was easy to program it for my system though . Just hold the brake and press button # 1 on the old remote for 5 seconds , then press any button on the new remote and let off the brake . Done.Do yourself a huge favor and run from Bulldog Security products like the plague.Also , the particular remote Amazon sent me has been opened by someone else before I got it . I can plainly see the factory crimps on the package have been broken . I do n't enjoy getting someone else 's trash.This one is getting returned immediately . I gave it one star only because Amazon wo n't let me give it zero .
 I was very disappointed in the my order . The Bulldog Keyless entry was received on time , but it did not have programming instructions , so it is useless to me . If it was n't going to have instructions , or if I were not going to be able to program it , then I should have been told in the information that was available on the order site . Now I am at a loss as to what to do with it . I could simply send it back , but I do n't feel like messing with it now .
 I have megan `` 32 '' way `` adjustable '' on my s2000 and they are the CRAPPIEST COIL OVERS IN THE WORLD ! 32 way `` adjustable '' claim made by megan is a JOKE ! setting 1 feels the same as setting 32 -LRB- ROC HARD -RRB- my guess is the knobs do NOTHING , just to make you think these crap suspension is worth something.DO NOT BUY ANY OF THE MEGAN COIL OVER SUSPENSIONS . they are GARBAGE!I have owned JIC MAGIC 2 , TEINS , H&R ; , TOKICO . I currently have 2 sets of TEINS in two of my vehicles and they actually work . DOnt get suckered buying megan crap.Just cause they call it `` RACE '' suspension , it dont mean shtgo spend 1200 on teins or get them used . dont waste 900 $ on garbage.btw i drift and i do track days . Spent over 60 hours at the track driving last year.good luck , make the right choice .
 I bought this thinking it was going to be like the one Bulldog sells . It is not ! This thing was wired all wrong . As soon a I turned the key the starter engaged without turning the key to the start position . It took me over an hour to figure out what was wrong and rewire it . Not a time saver . Buy the genuine Bulldog T harness instead . I wish there was a rating lower than one star ! This item is garbage .
 I got this harness to go in a 1995 Nissan Maxima to save time . Not only was the harness not wired correctly it was made of poor quality components
 need better description of product , product part number would be good for a start found out they make five for the toyota . model ? years ? thinks like thatwill sell on ebay with proper details
 Not the right harness . Calls it out as A SUB-2 harness and it was a SUB1 . Could n't even use it !
 Farmall H modified open class . 2600 rpm . MSD box and these plugs DO NOT LAST !!!! JUNK JUNK JUNK !!! NGK WORKED GREAT !!!
 Tis is not matched what it was described in Ads , I am disappointed with this item .
 So , my '58 Studebaker Golden Hawk needed new brake drums and , after checking with all of the usual old-car parts places , I thought , &#34; Why do n't I try Amazon ? &#34; To my utter surprise , THEY HAD THE PART ! Or at least that 's what their partner , Centric Parts indicated . So I ordered the part , two -LRB- 2 -RRB- front brake drums and they arrived promptly , about a week later . Well , the wheel bolt pattern was correct but the part was too small to fit on the brake assembly . So , I called up Amazon and was told to return them . This is where things got strange . Both drums were returned but I only received a credit for one drum . To make things worse , about a week later I received another front brake drum that does n't fit !!! I am assuming that the fault lies not with Amazon but with their partner but as of today , this has not been resolved . The moral of this story is , &#34; If you own a '58 Studebaker Golden Hawk , buy your parts from someone who REALLY KNOWS Studebakers ! &#34;
 Item is not the dimensions described . The real dimensions are as below : * Air Filter `` Performance '' * Product Series
 Bought this and installed on a travel trailer . Two days later the stem broke so I bought another . Same story , a few days after installation I noticed the cheap plastic stem was bending , then it broke . Do ' t waste your money , this is a cheap product that jst does n't hold up .
 i think this helmet sucks because the helmet is huge . i have a small head because im a small guy . i ordered a size medium . when i recieved the helmet , i realized that the helmet doesnt change size , the padding inside the helmet does . so the helmet is the same size no matter what size you order .
 Requires machining to get it to even work . The castings are horrible and basically wo n't work out of the package .
 I purchased this pedal for a custom rock-crawler . Looks good in the pics , but in reality this is thing is NOT what you want . Throw requires a large foot-well area , and the machining for the actuator is so rough that pushing the pedal down is difficult , if not impossible to do without filing the slide for hours.Buy a Lokar and forgetaboutit .
 THIS IS VERY DECEIVING WHEN THE DESCRIPTION SAYS DOT IS CLEAR COATED ON THE BACK . IT IS NOT CLEAR COATED ON THE BACK !!!!! THIS IS A USELESS PIECE OF CRAP . IF YOU WANT DOT DO N'T GET THIS .
 This helmet is very poorly constructed , even for a `` novelty '' helmet . It is much smaller than a real XXL and _ reeks _ of chemicals . The plastic trim aroung the lip of the helmet does n't meet in the back and leaves an ugly gap of almost an inch . The biggest problem is that the straps are not riveted at the same point on both sides , making for a very sloppy look and uncomfortable feel . Do n't waste your money on this one , you 'll be disappointed .
 I am returning this product as it is too light weight . The hinge broke and lever holding it on fell off . I clearly need a heavier model .
 The item was listed correctly when I ordered it but when it was processed it came out came out as a wrong item . I wanted the original Daskmat but got the Signature series , which is NOT what I ordered . To make this worse you do n't allow responses to your emails and that is a huge probelms when you have a problem .
 I purchased the replica Euro plate and the bracket for the front of my 2011 Jetta TDI . If you attach the bracket to the contour of the front bumper you ca n't mount the plate flat . You would have to bend the plate in order to fit it into the bracket . Would look terrible . Better suited to mount on a wall .
 So , you guys realize ... . I lived there for a year -LRB- in Germany . -RRB- People will just give you their used plates because they get new ones every time they re register their car . So , about every family has two or three sets laying around the house , and I brought like 5 plates home just for free !!! They 're great ! Do n't get me wrong , I love having them on my wall ! Something unusual for people to comment on ! And I even enjoy them . But , 25 $ is a bit steep ! The company you 're buying them from gets them donated to them most likely ! -LRB- Not to say that knowing how much they 're selling for , I am not thinking about starting to sell them too , i know tons of people that would gladly ship me number plates for selling here ! i think I might now in fact , for just 20 dollars ! That 's such profit ! -RRB- GREAT ITEM !! so I just realized ! The one you 're buying here is a replica ! what a rip ! haha , I will then definitely be selling mine , real ones ! great business idea!make sure if you give this kind of money out , that you 're at least getting the real product and not a replica !
 I bought this item and did n't take care of what it really was , just the `` TOP '' of the air filter , the referencial photo shows a whole air filter with the element.please mention this .
 This product relies on a fancy name and bottle design to sell ; it 's not that great . Less expensive brands will work great if you use the right technique to wash . After 12 years of washing my car I have developed my own style that works amazingly well .1 . Get a lambs wool mit .2 . Fill one bucket with clean water and a second bucket with car wash water .3 . Wet down your car to loosen the dirt .4 . Lie your lambs wool mit on top of your car and pour a little car wash water on it .5 . Scrub down your car and then rinse the mit in the clean bucket of water .6 . Rinse the car off with the hose.DON ' T EVER PUT THE MIT IN THE SOAPY CAR WASH WATER ! You will just get the water dirty and end up scrubbing your car with dirt . Your wash water will stay sudsy and foamy . This product as well as any other car wash will work just fine if you use this technique .
 This product is not as good as the zip turtle wash and wax , is it not make much foam . so does any other soap foam for car , do not leave the brightness as it does the wash and wax zip .
 I am taking a chance by installing this part . I expected the name Bosch to be stamped on it . It had some symbols and numbers stamped on the sensor , but not Bosch . All of the Bosch sensors I have seen are stamped as such.My worst fear is that an inferior part was packaged in a Bosch labeled box .
 I tried this after a few months and it did n't work . The phone number on their website -LRB- 800-372-3815 -RRB- is disconnected , and they do n't answer emails . There are no other numbers available for Startmeup2 or `` Automotive Energy Systems '' .
 I bought two of these last year and put one in my car and another in my wife 's car for emergency purposes . Both did not work . One might be unlucky but two shows that the product is of poor quality .
 I ordered the port a-jump but was instead sent this item without my consent . This item is absolutely useless to me since it can only be used once and then you throw it away . The quality of this product resembles something made in a back alley somewhere in china rather than made in USA as claimed on the sticker . Do n't waste your money on this item buy the port a-jump which is by far a better quality rechargeable product . Now they tell me to send the item back what a joke I rather purchase the port a-jump which will be cheaper than the postage .
 There is no way in creation to get this device to fit without hacking large portions off . I 'd say skip it .
 These are very low quality , and I would NEVER buy them again . They are very thin and flimsy . Nowhere near OEM quality .
 I bought this device in late December , 2010 and used it for a few low-voltage DC household and automotive investigations . The last time I used it was August , 2011 and then I discovered in October that the meter would no longer turn on -LRB- I tried 4 different brand-new batteries because I did n't want to believe that it was dead already . -RRB- For the handful of times that I used it , it worked fine ; it just did n't work for very long .
 The product worked fine for a short period of time , but for some reason it no longer accurately reads AC voltages . Replaced the battery which did n't help . It still reads DC , resistance and continuity checks .
 Broke the 3rd time I used it . But since it was more than a month old Amazon gave me a refund , minus the `` Free Shipping '' charges . So no replacement , and several $ $ in the hole . Not a lot , but ... . Anyway , should have paid attention to the previous reviews .
 I bought the unit in October of 2009 to replace my 20 year old Radio Shack unit that had too few functions . I used the unit to install two remote photovoltaic power systems in a remote area of Mexico in December of 09 and for occasional system testing every few months . The unit was kept in an air and water tight bag with a desiccant when not in use . One year and two months after purchase , the unit is dead . Yes , I put a new battery in and know the board is getting power.I realize this is not a higher end tester but death two months out of warranty with little only light and by the book use is pretty sick .
 cost me $ 900 , and is no good to me . in australia we have 240 volts and it is 120volts . it will cost me $ 150 to send back and i probally wont get my money back . so the only quality in the deal was my money .
 -LSB- 4-piece set for 2005 Ford Freestyle -RSB- I 've bought many sets of AVS visors over the years . Their quality has definitely gone down hill ! The tint color is unattractive . The edges were not finished well . The surface had scuff-marks . And it took three sets to get one that did n't have a cracked visor , right out of the box!Fortunately , Lund International 's customer Service is Superb ! I guess they NEED to be.I ordered a set of EGR visors for my Nissan Titan at the same time . They were beautiful . At least twice the thickness as the AVS -LRB- where needed -RRB- , no scuff-marks , smooth edges , installed in a couple minutes . Cost about $ 6 more ! Nuff said !
 $ 3000 is about double what the price should be , and that 's if we were talking about a better brand . This is such a ripoff that I would go as far as to say that the other review for this is fake and they are just trying to see how stupid people are . Maybe they figure that someone has to be stupid enough to buy this . These types of scams have no place here . Do not buy this .
 This product should be removed from Amazon . . It is WAY TOO expensive . It 's at least double what it should be ... You could buy 2X 200W panels for $ 600 each and have a much higher quality system . It 's a rather obvious con and I would recommend that NO ONE considers buying . Pricing like this will only be detrimental to the green energy movement ! Do n't support it .
 16 V and 400 Watts is enough to run my laptop barely . If im going to pay $ 3000 , I can plant 50 trees , and use regular elecrticity , and still have change left over . Someone does not have a clue on the real value of their products .
 I recently picked up 6 175Watt NEW photowatt monocrystalline panels 12 or 24V selectable for $ 1,000.00 , a morningstar 45Amp MPPT charge controller for $ 450.00 and a 120/240V -LRB- split phase -RRB- Magnum MSPAE4448 4,400 W PURE SINE WAVE inverter for $ 1,600.00 = total cost of my system was $ 3,050.00 $ 7.50 per watt for this system ?? You 've got to be NUTS !!
 Products are not made to last . Cheap materials . And do n't expect any support from this company . Website is gone . Customer Support does n't respond . When sending an email to the customer support address -LRB- customerservice@icpsolar.com -RRB- it just bounces back . Stay far away from any product his company has to offer .
 Theres no way that his panel is 400 watts it will take 110 3.6 to 4 watt cells to make such a panel phisycal size even shows it is not what is addvertised .
 This is the single worse product that I have bought . DO NOT BUY IT . The on-line store has discontinued selling them . The store by the way was great , but the product is awful .
 I 've seen one one the road . My son -LRB- 11yrs -RRB- thought it was cool . I thought it was a little immature . It was on a tricked out , late model Eclipse and it looked more like a shuttle from Star Trek -LRB- TNG -RRB- that it did a car.How much attention do you need to bring to yourself ? How bad to you want to be the center of attention ? What extremes do you need to go to be cool ? If you need these , you need a life . My son having an appeal for them and me having my eyebrow raised makes me wonder if the person driving knows who is really going to be giving them the attention they so desperately need .
 A nice looking valve cover on the out side but if you look on the bottom where the valve cover seats on the head it in most cases has grind marks on the mold casting and where the bolt holes along with some pitting in the casting . A very poor clean up not done properly buy Edelbrock .
 This puller was only used on a GM power steering pump pulley . The part of the puller called the `` body '' fit the pulley groove so loosely that as the tool was tightened it began to pull at an angle , not parallel to the pump shaft . This nearly ripped the lip off the pulley groove before the pulley came off . If I need to do this again I will look for a puller made specifically for a GM pulley , not one advertised to fit `` most GM , Ford and Chrysler vehicles . '' I would not recommend buying the tool for use on GM pulleys .
 No indication of sizes available , bought it based on other people saying it works for adjusting valves on Honda motors ... . well , it does n't work for the H22 , which needs smaller sizes .
 I was putting brake shoes springs on a 1958 Desoto , although these springs have 5 coils and are fairly stiff the arm with the hook bent . I borrowed a pair of SnapOnfrom a friend of mine and had no problens .
 this package doesnt include armrest , when i recieved this shipment , i compained amazon about missing part and they send me replace shipmentbut in replacement shipment as well this piece is missing , i called amazon and they are not sure if it is part of this packageBad part - armrest is missing so uselessGood part - It is from amazon so no issue in refund/return -LRB- best part of amazon -RRB-
 Bought 6 of these -- you ca n't see the bulb light through the heavy blue plastic . Returned for credit -- got an RMA from company but never received credit on credit card -- been 1 month .
 I purchased this product and what was delivered did not resemble the photo , so much so that I thought it was packaged wrong from the factory . I returned it and had them send me another one . Unfortunately it was the same . Thank God the returns went without issue . Along with the covers covering over the pocket on the back of the front seats , I feel the `` Premier Tweed Fabric '' description needs to have the word `` Premier '' removed .
 this was not what I expected . It was the rubber for the blades and nothing other . Multiple attempts to use these were frustrating at best and would not work . Returned them for refund . Do n't even bother
 I bought 5 cans of this for a project ... Horrible !! It 's not the paint , it 's the sprayer . I sprayed it on the ground to figure out what the heck it was doing and it made two lines ... With one spray ? Three of the five cans did this . The two that did n't do this had the normal spray top on them . The chalkboard paint by Krylon was perfect and so easy to use . Good product if you get the regular spray button top thing - check before you buy .
 IF I could give this paint a lower rating I would . It 's not the paint itself so much as it is the sprayer and the wastefullness of it because of the sprayer . The `` new 360 dial '' directional sprayer on this paint is HORRIBLE . It causes most of the paint to spray into the air and not on what you are trying to paint . I bought three cans of rustolum primer and three cans of this Krylon indoor/outdoor metal + wood + wicker + more satin spray paint . The rustolum covered 4x the area that this did . I will need to buy at least 4-5 more cans of this crap to complete my project . A LOT of the paint is wasted as it sprays into the air . At first I was holding the paint at a normal distance from my project but 95 % of the paint was going into the air . Then I held it closer , about 4 '' from my project to try to get the paint onto it , but then the paint started to get runs in it . So it caused a COMPLETE MESS . I am no novice at using spray paints . I 've been using them for 40 years . This is the most wastefull spray paint I 've ever used . Blotchy uneven finish will cause you to have to go over and over it even when you think your done . If you stand back and look you will see `` holidays '' in the paint . Be prepared to spend a LOT of money on a LOT of cans of this paint . If I had it to do over again , I 'd choose a different color so I could buy a different brand . Never again , Krylon !
 False Advertising at it 's best . Yeah , you have to read that they are only selling you one but they lure you with six .
 Bought this about a year ago and pretty much left it in place . I went to unlock it last week and it was frozen . Tried WD40 , graphite , etc. and no go . I had to take out my reciprocating saw and cut it off . Fortunately , that took about 5 minutes . Unfortunately , a thief could have done the same !!!
 I have a 2 '' receiver and need the pin to work in the 5/8 '' configuration -LRB- with the adapter sleeve installed -RRB- . The pin inserts fine but pulling it out is a PITA ! The inner bolt pulls right out but the outer sleeve remains behind with the weight of the trailer holding it tightly in place .
 I was really surprised at the poor quality of this Master Lock product . It is next to impossible to get this thing locked with only two hands . It just does n't want to snap together . It appears that the locking mechanism inside the hole is not opening all the way to let the end of the bar to be inserted . -LRB- in other words I ca n't get it to lock without a LOT of effort -RRB- I 'm considering sending it back .
 Well I thought it is marine grade . Apparently it is not . Should be ok for fresh water .
 This looked like a great product for my purpose . However , upon receiving the product and reading the instructions I learned that it does not work in all cars . When you turn offthe ignition it may also turn off power to the cigarette lighter socket . I had to callthe dealers of my cars -LRB- Acura and Mini -RRB- to find out that there is no power at the socketonce the ignition is off .
 The product description states clearly that this little device can be used in all weather conditions.When unpacked , this does not appear to be the case , and when you read the instructions , on the bottom of the page in small print it says that the product in NOT to be used outdoors unprotected!For a device that is meant to keep a battery ` topped up ' , typically devices that are not near shelter -LRB- snow blowers , tractors , automatic entrance gates , etc -RRB- this seems like a fatal design flaw!Other than that - the device seems to work fine as a trickle charger .
 this does n't charge at all i bought to charge a 12 volt battery - then when i got it found its only a maintainer . FALSE ADVERTISING
 Regardless of what the Amazon listing says -LRB- and I asked them to change it over a month ago and still have n't -RRB- this product is NOT weatherproof . When you open the package the literature about the product specifically states that it is `` not for use outdoors '' . You have to pay more to get a weatherproof model .
 Biggest waste of cash I ever made.I set it up in the windshield of my 2007 Mazda 3 , whenever I took the key out the car would make an angry alert noise until I unplugged the charger from the lighter . Then after about 3 day of this it just stopped working . Not sure if it shorted out or what , maybe I got a defective model , or maybe it 's just not compatible with a 2007 Mazda3 ... whatever the reason , this piece of crap stopped working after only a couple of days , I feel ripped off .
 I purchased one of these in the hope it could trickle-charge a car battery over a few days . It wo n't . It produces such a small current in full sunlight that it can only maintain the existing charge of a battery . If you have a flat battery and you leave this plugged in for a few days , you 'll still have a flat battery .
 Having a degree in electrical engineering , i was skeptical how well these would work . There should be a component called a diode in it to prevent the circuit from draining the battery when there is n't enough sun to charge it.Either that circuit does n't work or there is n't one . My battery would die about 3 days faster anytime i had this trickle `` charger '' installed.Don ' t waste your money on these .
 This little solar panel worked great - for a few weeks . I was using it to maintain a 2-month old battery in a vehicle that I did not intend to drive much . I had it connected directly to the battery terminals via the alligator clips provided , with the panel inside the vehicle , running the wire out the closed window . The vehicle 's hood was closed ; all was protected from the weather and working properly . After a few weeks , the battery level went from 12.84 to 12.86 . I decided that I trusted the panel and did n't pay much more attention to it . A few weeks later I noticed that the blue light -LRB- indicates it 's working -RRB- was n't lit . Even in direct sunlight outside the panel no longer works . The bad part is , after the panel stopped working it completely drained a new battery . The panel goes in the trash and I have to exchange my battery . Seems to work for other reviewers . I 'm sure I got a lemon , but it 's just not worth the risk . I would never recommend this product .
 Hard to use . Need a lot of engine compartment room to use this tool . Might work great on a truck but do n't buy it for your Acura Legend
 I bought one of these long ago . It sets in my tool box broken . It did not work very long before it broke . I use a http://www.amazon.com/Tools-912-Valve-Spring-Compressor/dp/B0002STSG2/ref=sr_1_32?s=automotive&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1338055039&sr;=1-32Mostly and it works as long as I have a stud to bolt it to .
 Could n't find the Chrysler suggested spring compressor , bought this hoping it would work , the handle is right where most camshafts go . You 'll have to pull the head or the engine or make your own compressor like I did
 Got this for my 07 civic , had to remove the ice guards -LRB- held by 2 little torx screws on each blade -RRB- , otherwise interfere with the wiper arms . Also , the arms ' ends had to be slightly bent toward the windshield so the blades follow the curvature and hug the windshield instead of sticking flat . After all done works good but I would n't had bought these wipers if I knew that I must remove the ice shields .
 Contrary to Amazon 's car fit tool , this product does not work with the 2007 Honda Civic hybrid . The aerodynamic spoiler on the wipers does n't allow for the wiper to rest against the windshield because it hits against the wiper arm bracket .
 A complete waste of money . Installed them and discovered they wo n't work because they 're completely designed wrong for the E34 BMW . Ca n't return it because it is n't in original unopened condition . And there 's no way to know that before you install it . They make fine blades , but their compatibility chart is inaccurate when it comes to BMW .
 This wiper blade does not fit on a 2007 GMC Sierra Denali . The GMT900 requires another blade . It does appear that this will fit the older model GM trucks .
 This metal filter wrench is actually of lesser quality than a plastic one that did not work either . This product does not hold tight enough on the 93 mm/15 flute Porsche filter I was trying to turn ; it slips with very little resistance .
 Much more excited to anticipate it than to actually receive it . Cost a lot for the quality .
 It was listed as a 6 pack but it was not a six pack . Could have saved some trouble if it was listed correctly .
 I used standard 55 watt bulbs in my 500s and these caused the lenses to crack from the heat that could n't escape . Yeah , they protect the lenses from rocks , but what good is that if the lenses crack anyway ?
 These lift supports were weaker than the lifts I was trying to replace . They were also dimensionally smaller in the diameter of both the shaft and the barrel . Do not waste your time . The only good part is that Amazon picked them right up and gave me credit .
 I would have wanted to know that this product does not fit my car -LRB- 2007 Honda Civic -RRB- before I bought it . I think that Amazons `` Make Sure It Fits '' application is very convenient , but when it provides wrong information it does more harm than good . I ended up calling the manufacturer , who verified that these blades will not fit my car.I called Amazon support -LRB- 1-866-216-1072 -RRB- and was told that the website does in fact say that these blades will not fit . After getting angry and asking the person to tell me which product she was looking at , I realized that she was not even looking at my product . I am not sure how after receiving my order number some one can link to a different product . There was no apology and in fact the customer support person did not even acknowledge that Amazon made a mistake . This is why I do not shop on Amazon very often.The blades do look very nice and I feel bad for leaving such a horrible review . If you want to buy these blades , call PIAA and make sure that they will fit your car instead of trusting Amazon .
 Wanted to replace the wiper blades on my newly acquired 2004 Land Cruiser , and thought I would go `` high end . '' Did I really need blades with spoilers ? Probably not , but it was n't all that much money , so I thought I 'd do a minor splurge . Well . They worked just fine early on . -LRB- I do n't think I did any high-speed rain driving , so ca n't really speak to the spoiler issue . -RRB- The silicone treatment of the windshield seemed to work OK . But within two months -LRB- with very light wiper use -RRB- , the blade started to fall apart , to the point there was metal scraping on my windshield . I actually thought about bringing the blade into the house to see if I could thread the rubber back through the clips , etc. , then decided my time was better spent elsewhere . Walked into Costco , bought a pair of Goodyears for 8 bucks apiece , and could n't be happier . So do n't waste your money .
 Order this wrench over the winter to be able to service my John Deere lawn tractor . I bought this wrench specifically since it called out John Deere compatibility . But when I went to service my tractor I found it to be way too big for my oil filter . This is new tractor -LRB- less than a year old -RRB- . It would have been nice if they would have listed the diameter range of the wrench in the product description . It is listed on the package after all . I would return the tool , but I would have to pay the shipping per the return policy and it is not worth the shipping cost . I was fooled by the John Deere name-dropping . Do n't assume that this will work with your John Deere .
 I purchased the Meguiar 's 6.5 '' Soft Buff FoamCutting Pad , Polishing Pad , andFinishing Padto pair with myPorter-Cable 7424XP DA PolisherandPorter-Cable 18001 6 '' Hook and Loop Backplate . I 've always been a fan of Meguiar 's products and I can see how they are popular here on Amazon because they are readily available and have a big consumer name behind them , so I was quite excited to get these pads home and try them . Having used them on several complete vehicle and having tried other brands for an extended time , I feel comfortable putting a review out there for the Meguiar 's Soft Buff Foam Pads.These pads fit perfectly onto any 6 '' hook and loop backplate on a DA polisher . They fit snug and I never worried about them falling off in the middle of use . In terms of performance , I would say the cutting , polishing , and finishing pads underperformed in terms of their respected functions . Because they are flat pads , they do not hold and apply product as well as a pad with a textured surface . The flat pad also makes it easier to stop the pad from rotating on the surface when applying more pressure to your DA polisher . This is reason enough for me to not want to continue using these pads , but there is an even bigger reason I can not recommend these pads.The hook and loop patch on the rear of the pad does not fully cover the back of the foam pad . When you attach these pads to a backplate , the backplate edge comes in contact with the foam on the edge of the pad . When you apply any pressure with your DA polisher on , the backplate will begin to cut into the foam pad slowly . After 6 vehicles , the edges of all the Meguiar 's pads have fully separated and shredded . This problem could have easily been addressed had the hook and loop patch covered the entire back of the pad.Because of the performance , design , and quality issues , I find the Meguiar 's pads highly disappointing and completely unusable . If you are looking for very good quality pads , look at Lake Country CCS pads . These pads have a hook and loop surface that covers the entire back and the pad surface has pockets to hold and apply more product . Lake Country makes several types of pads , but you 'll be well off getting theirCCS Yellow Cutting Pad , CCS White Polishing Pad , andCCS Gray Finishing Padover the Meguiar 's offerings .
 These pads are different than the ones from Meguiars online . It left tiny marksin my paint and the real mequiars did not .
 I ordered a jacket size 48 using the drop-down size selection menu but was sent size 56 . Upon contacting Jafrum , the cust service rep told me to mail the item back and they would exchange for the correct size and refund my shipping cost on the return . When I returned it with the requested proof of payment on the shipping they emailed me that they had no record of me ordering size 48 and no record to any amazon.com errors and would not refund the shipping cost . This seller is duplicitous to the extreme and is damaging the ` guaranteed ' image of amazon.com . I will never order anything from an amazon ` guaranteed ' vendor again . Not only am I out the extra $ 9 for the shipping on the item but I discovered upon reception of the item that while listing the zipper on the jacket is a YKK brand , it is actually a poor quality VKK . Buyer BEWARE !
 This item is not what I expected . The size is very difficult to understand .
 The jacket looks as it does in the picture but when it came it the mail it was too large . I tried contacting the seller for a refund and now 4 months later have still heard nothing , I tried asking amazon for a refund but without the sellers consent nothing could be done . SUCH A WASTE OF MONEY .
 Yes , I know the price is good . But after getting it , I am convinced it was a total waste of money . The leather is extremely low quality -- rough , dry and even scratched up on the back . The shoulder fit is totally out of proportion . The lining , even after I took out the zip-out vest , was too loose . Did a drunk person stitch this together ?
 I ordered this part because the Amazon garage said : This product fits your 2003 Subaru OutbackEngine
 Contrary to Amazon 's car fit tool , this product does not work with the 2007 Honda Civic hybrid . The aerodynamic spoiler on the wipers does n't allow for the wiper to rest against the windshield because it hits against the wiper arm bracket .
 Got this for my 07 civic , had to remove the ice guards -LRB- held by 2 little torx screws on each blade -RRB- , otherwise interfere with the wiper arms . Also , the arms ' ends had to be slightly bend toward the windshield so the blades follow the curvature and hug the windshield instead of sticking flat . After all done works good but I would n't had bought these wipers if I knew that I must remove the ice shields .
 light were dimmer than regular bulbs . lights burnt out to light sockets . called you and you would not take care of problem nor refund my money . changed to pilot bulbs no longer had any problems . poor quality bulbs POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE .
 two different units shipped ; on both units the on/off switch , buried beneath the rubber housing , was inaccessible from the switch depression on the housing . this product is useless .
 his product is a waist of money and waiting-time . the goggles are extremely hard to take apart , you are bound to break something while changing the strap . also because the frame is so heavy you wont be able to wear them as glasses because they will constantly be falling down your face -LRB- unless you have a really wide head -RRB- . they have a really bad and uncomfortable fit and the lenses fog up a lot , in fact fogging up is the main reason i will never use these goggles , the amount of fog they generate makes them unsafe to use on the road.if your looking for good goggles i suggest you go to a motorcycling shop and try some on instead of ordering online
 It worked good for about twenty minutes after its first full charge , shorter times after each subsequent charge . Now it wo n't take a charge at all . Coleman went cheap and showed cheap . The product number does n't appear on their Web site , even in the Repair Parts section.I quit buying Black and Decker for the same reason
 My girlfriends ' brother brought me his new one to fix . First , its ' molded to look like a more expensive light , but in fact , it is lightweight polystyrene . Checking the battery , I found it would n't hold a charge due to fact the internal overload had blown . Checking the small charger , I found about 16 volts . This is n't necessarily wrong , the charger is an unregulated one -LRB- typical of low - quality units -RRB- . I thought maybe there was some regulation in the unit , but I found the same values at the terminals for the battery . There 's no date code on the battery , so its ' impossible to determine how old it is . I tried www.colemanpower.com , and the actual manufacturer www.teamproducts.com , but neither site worked on 7/09 . The bottom line is that he paid decent money for a crappy lamp , which disappoints me greatly . When I was little , Coleman was the name of camping gear you always wanted , but could n't afford , because Coleman always worked , regardless of the weather . Now , I see only part of that reputation -LRB- the price -RRB- is true ... : -LRB- Shawn
 The Coleman PML9000 Spotlight 's manual says that the battery needs to be charged every 4 to 6 months . I charged mine for about 22 hours after I purchased it just as the manual recommended . I checked it for operation for a few seconds and got a good bright light . When I needed the spotlight about a month later , there was no light , so I recharged the battery again for about 22 hours . About 2 weeks later the spotlight did not light up . I removed the battery from the spotlight to check its self-discharge characteristics and find that it self discharges to below 5 volts after about 6 days . This is not satisfactory for an `` emergency '' use spotlight .
 Do n't buy from Hot Rod Girl . No Product . No Response . In-box is full . Working through Amazon to obtain refund . Would give zero stars if option existed .
 The diameter of these bolts were too big for the holes they were supposed to go into . In order to make them fit it took a lot of struggling and I had to grind the diameter of the bolt down . Getting them out again is going to be pretty tough but hopefully that will be someone else 's job .
 The day I received this cover , I tried it on my wife 's new motorcycle and discovered the Chinese made cover was not constructed properly . I ordered the Cruiser size , but discovered that the left side of the cover was made in the smaller size cover , and right side was made for the Cruiser size . My wife found that the panel used to properly size the right side had not been sewn into the left side . This produced a lopsided fit which just did not work with her motorcycle . Overall quality of construction is hit-and-miss in addition to the sizing problem . I called Amazon for a return and refund . Do NOT waste your money or time on this product .
 Unfortunately , the LARGE size I bought only covers the top half of my bike . -LRB- Suzuki gs450 - not a BIG bike -RRB- As far as rain is concerned you might as well wrap your bike in towels , as this will be basically the same thing once it 's wet .
 I was really disappointed with this product . It does n't work very well , and it takes a long time to clean the pad.With further experimentation we discovered that if you throw the dirty pads in a washing machine and then in the dryer you achieve the same goal with way less hassle.Final Analysis
 The product is adequate as a decal applied to a window exterior . It is not as usable as the available gel type applications that allow viewing from both sides of glass and therefore work well applied to the interior of a car window .
 I started off with a pair of the 9007 's for my headlights . . they 're great - they lasted about 6 months before one blew out , but i recently got a set of the 881 's for my foglights , and i 'm disappointed to say they look no different than the stock bulbs . extremely disappointed in this product . do n't waste your money on these .
 WILL NEVER PURCHASE item this way again . Was provided product other than what was represented . Attempted to resolve and obtain what was described and pictured -LRB- see photo but DO NOT be misled as I was -RRB- but after several attempts gave up and WILL NOT buy from again .
 I needed a right and a left handle for my mustang . Ordered a right and a left at the same time , left was in the left box , left was in the right box , both Dorman . Ordered another right , sure enough it was another left in the right box , another Dorman . Filed with Amazon to get a replacement . They sent one out immediately , sure enough another left in a right box . Ca n't seem to return this one via the website . Got on ebay and ordered a right and a left at the same time , and sure enough I received a right and a left , not dorman .
 I purchased this to fill in the lettering on my tires . It did not work . It would lay a white line down initially , then when i tried to go over it the marker tip would more or less whipe that same line off . It might be a better product if you are trying to brighten up the white from the factory on your tires .
 I did n't expect much from a leather jacket for under $ 40 but received lessSizing was so bad that is was unwearable ... Still waiting for refund . . Have now filed claim thur Amazon . Keep in mind that you pay shipping bothways so this jacket will cost you $ 20 to try on
 When I decided to buy this leather jacket , I knew it might be a mistake , because I 'm a firm believer in the saying
 These people are brain dead forget them ! Jafrum Suck 's the big one ! They say even though I ordred Premium cow hide it 's ok for them to send Buffalo , because they are so busy . They ca n't tell you if you will get cowhide or Buffalo ?
 Dealing with the company was time consuming and difficult . The jacket is good for the price .
 My husband did not like this coat at all . It looks a lot different than it did in the photo . The seller was promt and shipped quickly we just did not like the jacket and had to return . The seller sent me return label quickly . Good seller .
 Cheaply made ! not a high quality jacket , i actually bought a 50 buck version of this jacket and it was 100 % better . the brand is Geranimo and it 's a cheap crappy jacket not worth more than 40 bucks . just go to leatherup 30 bucks more but you get a great item ,
 I was dissapointed with this jacket . Jacket is too short and the zippers on the pockets broke with very little use . Do not recommend for any tall people and ones who want to use their pockets .
 Product is not as pictured . Does not fit our toyota tacoma 96 that has a seat exactly like the picture . When it came we were disappointed to find that it came with covers to fit 2 single seats and 4 head rest covers . The quality was also poor , I have better quality seats covers for my Subaru which i got at target for 26 bucks . I hate writing bad reviews , but this item is just not as pictured .
 This product gives my Dodge Ram 1500 more power between 2K-3K rpms , and I seem to get better mileage by about 1 mpg . However , the noise under the hood is terrible . There is a lot of `` thunking '' going on when the filter draws in air . I am going to take this out and put the old unit back in . I would not recommend this product unless your truck is strictly a work truck . For everyday use , I just ca n't take the noise .
 this is the second company in a row !!! that has sent me the wrong intake for my truck !!! i dont understand it !! why is it so hard to send me an intake for a -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- 2006 -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- dodge ram 5.7 L motor !?! thats easily 600 something dollars this place is a crock ! im in afghanistan and my wife just told me that the intake that i ordered -LRB- after it made me make sure that if fit my vehicle -RRB- surley doesnt fit my vehicle ! i just dont get the idiocracy that comes with trying to get an intake for my truck !!!?
 The original Ford part is 19.75 '' long , and Monroe 's website lists the specs for 901260 Escort wagon tailgate as 19.75 `` extended length , the one I received -LRB- with 901260 ink-stamped on it -RRB- looked very different on one end and measured 22.25 '' long . I had ordered another one from a local parts store , and that one was about 21 '' long -- absolutely pathetic quality control by Monroe -- not only does the part not fit the only application it is designed for , and not only does it not match their own specifications , they could n't even make the two of them the SAME wrong size !!! P.S. -LRB- 4 months later -RRB-
 Tailgate supports through Amazon.I had the exact same experience as Jeff.The same car , & wrong size by the same amount as his.I bet I read the reviews next time .
 The compass works well but if you mount it on the dashboard you might need binoculars to read it . The picture on the website is quite misleading , as it is approximately twice as large as the actual product . It would have been useful to have the actual dimensions of the product included in the description . The compass ball is barely one inch in diameter , and the suction cup raises it a whopping 1/2 inch up in the air . The shipping rate of just under six dollars is another example of a hidden price . Save yourself six bucks and look for this item in a dollar store near you .
 Maybe mine was faulty , but the compass does not point North nor to anyother cardinal point for the matter . It simply `` sticks '' to the outersurface and does not turn freely.My next compass just got USD 5.50 more expensive.Consider buying another compass .
 This compass will not stick to any flat surface . The suction cup is very poorly designed . Just as a test , I tried to have it stick to a clean flat glass tabletop -LRB- with the compass in an upright position -RRB- - it immediately fell over . I could not find a surface where the suction cup would stay fixed . >> Do Not Buy < <
 i looked this part up and the site said it would work . i installed the part and it made my truck run even worse than it was with the bad part .
 they send me a walbro in a box of mallory now i can return whath im supose to do nothing i not have a mallory pump and i can return im not gone a buy nothing more in amazon im not thrust any more thankss
 The part arrived quickly . Once I got everything all apart , and then put it all back together , the new piston was to large to fit in the cylinder . I took it to a machine shop and they measured the old piston and the new one , and it was much bigger . Like .025 to big . So now I will have to find the right piston and just eat the cost of the piston that did n't fit . Beyond that , the part was shipped quickly and looked like a brand new piston .
 This tool does work . However , it 's difficult to read the measurements . As a technician , I need to read the measurements quickly . This tool does do what it says but trying to read the brake pad thickness takes too long to decipher .
 This is the wrong size bag for the K & N RC-4630 . Seems suited for a 4cylinder . I 'm sending it back and hopefully will receive the correct item .
 I tried twice with this company to get a passenger side interior door handle for a 1999 Toyota Tacoma and both times they sent me a drivers side door handle . I even called them to help them with selecting the right item and nothing changed . Item # 77121 is not a passenger side interior door handle . Drivers side does not work on passengers side . I eventually had to go to Toyota aand pay $ 30 for something I should be able to get from Amazon for $ 6 - $ 8 . Now they expect me to go out my way to return the product -LRB- s -RRB- . It wo n't happen ...
 This item is not the same item that Tooltopia sends you . The advertised image is of a tintmeter that slides over an open window . The item I received was completely different . I received two separate parts used to measure tint , which is much different from the advertised image . BE AWARE !
 Is there any reason I should not expect a handle to be included in this package ? Am I supposed to buy one ? This is going back .
 Since the product description does n't specify , this is a plastic door handle . The product description also calls it `` sturdy '' and states it `` stand -LRB- s -RRB- up to severe weather conditions and years of handling . '' What I got was a plastic door handle that broke in roughly 50 days . A company called CJ Pony Parts sells a metal version of this door handle that costs less -LRB- $ 10.55 -RRB- and they currently offer free shipping on all orders . That 's what I bought to replace this product .
 The Hoodflector just arrived and my husband and I were very dissappointed . It was not in a box or plastic and the package of clips and decal -LRB- s -RRB- that were supposed to be with it were no where except maybe with UPS somewhere . I would certainly NOT recommend this product or company to anyone nor will we purchase anything from them again.We will continue to make purchases with Amazon as we live over 100 miles away from Phoenix and even further from Tucson , we will just ask questions about product shipping .
 I have had this jacket for about 2 months and it is already falling apart . One sipper on my sleeve is broken and so is the inner zipper that holds the lining in . I guess that is what you get when you buy cheap stuff . Leather is good , but I wish they could have put a couple more bucks into the zippers . Disappointed customer .
 I purchased this coat on April 4th . It was shipped promptly . The leather is decently thick . They get two stars for that . Now the rest . It was raining and about 50 degrees when I got off work this morning . No big . Grab my new leather jacket and go to zip up . The starter metal starter piece for the zipper broke in half . The zipper wo n't zip without that part . So , I rode home with the jacket flapping behind me , soaked to the skin on my chest and stomach . Since gravity still works , the water slid right on down to the important parts . Rain pants do n't do much when the water flows in behind them . Really irritated that I bought this and that was a lasting piece of education . I should know better . Combine this junk with the Jafrum chaps that I bought and I could have bought a quality piece of gear . Funny , the chaps zipper broke too . Never will I purchase Jafrum products again . I would n't accept this Pakistani junk if they drove to my house and gave it to me . Course if they came to my house , that presents a whole new problem , what with flashbacks and all ... . Do n't make the same mistake I did . Keep your money and ride shirtless . It saves room in the garbage can and you get the same protection as having this broken junk of a coat . I 'd return this lump of dung but after my little hissy fit when I got home there is n't much left . Dumb me on two counts , buying it and destroying it .
 Why does the sample image not show the actual mat size ? You ca n't possibly PARK a normal car on a mat that is 3 ' X 4 ' . Are there other sizes available that will actually fit underneath a normal sized vehicle ?
 These wiper blades are excellent at cleaning the glass . They leave a silicon coating behind that allows the rain to sheet off at high speeds . The coating does n't work as well as rain-x . Rain-x starts sheeting around 45-50mph , the piaa wipers coating not until 60 + mph . However , any time you need to use your wipers they leave a white streak across the windshield that does n't disappear for a second or two . At night , the streaking catches all surrounding light and is blinding . It 's like someone flashing their bright lights at you every time the wipers go across the windshield . The silicon residue is a great idea in theory , but in practice they are the WORST WIPERS EVER ! They 're DANGEROUS !
 one bulb Fell apart when I installed it . Other one seems ok . Good thing I only needed to install one !
 It got us through the winter , which is what I intended for it to do untilit warmed up enough that I could do the necessary work to get the garageto drain into a sump . But , by spring it was pretty much junk . Sand fromwinter street sanding and other things the car tracks in on the tires madelittle holes all over in the plastic film . It was stained and ugly and does n'tcome clean no matter how much you scrub with soap and water . It left earlyin the Spring ... on the garbage truck .
 I agree with many of the comments here . I 've had a 9x20 in my garage for years to help with my Silverado pickup mess in New England . It does help keep the slush , snow , water and oil off the garage floor and from spreading all over the garage . The problem I have is that the weak plastic edging -LRB- which is a pain and time consuming to install . Believe me it does not insatll in seconds -RRB- breaks easily especially on the garage door side which is driven over and over . I called the company and they were nice enough to send me free replacement edges , but the same thing keeps happening and after a while the vinyl mat starts to tear and looks ratty . If they would come up with some edging on the garage door side that will not crack and break so easily it would make this product so much better and less of a hassle to maintain .
 The mat itself is nice and strong . But to put the edges on is a night mare . The last one we owned was much better
 These mats were a pain from the start , the pieces around the edge did n't fit together well , the mats bunched up over time , water pools on them and they are impossible to keep clean because the dirt gets caught around the edges . I could not get rid of them fast enough !
 I did n't want to go through all the `` work '' involved with painting a concrete garage floor so i chose this product . first of all , it was not as thick/heavy as i thought it would be -LRB- which i guess is partly is my fault for not know what thickness this `` mil '' was -RRB- but i figured i could live with it . i bought 2 of the 9 x 20 ' mats and thought they would come on a roll like a carpet - not folded into a small box . it is unbelievable how many folds and wrinkles there are . i wrote to the manufacturer to see if the folds would come out and was told `` over time they may relax some but will not go away '' . there are no corners available so there are open spaces at the junction of the sides and the back . they warn it is slippery when wet but we have n't had any rain so i have n't found out exactly how slippery it is . overall i hate this product and am sorry i bought it . it is certainly not worth the money as far as i am concerned . do n't waste your money
 PIAA Wipers are the best ; however , my single start rating is because Amazon does ship this wipers without the adapters needed to intall them on your car . Then , Amazon response to an incomplete order is to contact the manufacturer . I recommend buying this wiper in anohter online retailer , trust me ! .
 Lasted less than a month before it stopped working . Would not recommend to anyone .
 How we know for which model this fender is , for example i am needing for my 660 sl 1986 chasis w107 , will this product fit ????? Jose Ayala
 I pulled the trigger on this oil switch because it was a third of the cost of one at Napa or Autozone . Unfortunately the switch only lasted about a week and now the idiot light flickers over bumps and when starting the engine . I can predict whether or not the light is on just by looking at it and it 's connection . I would not recommend buying this product but I will admit that it 's possible I got a random lemon . I also bought an O2 sensor on Amazon and that failed immediately ; different seller , different product , same cheap outcome .
 Pls be sure that you order qty 2 , see i tought they were sellin the pair but i was wrong , its individual . .
 I have purchased two sets of these wiper blades that have the Carbon Fiber Finish . The blade itself is very good and I would have rated this item high except that after a couple of months being on my Titan the Carbon Fiber Finish is flaking off and turning brown . I would not recommend these wiper blades if you want good looks and good performance . I believe PIAA needs to look at the finish problem on these blades and design one that will hold up for a reasonable amount of time . With the finish flaking off and turning brown , the look like wore out old wiper blades .
 I bought this fuel pump expecting it to be problem free . The pump did n't work and when I went to send it back time had run out . So I guess the moral of the story is to check out the product immediately . `` Do n't stack parts '' I think a part like a fuel pump is so critical . It should -LRB- 1 -RRB- not bought on line and -LRB- 2 -RRB- have a longer shelf life for return if you decide to buy it online . I am putting an 85 corvette back together . It 's not a good idea to order critical parts that expire over time -LRB- 30 days -RRB- . The fuel pump never work and I spent a lot of time chasing down other possible problems.I never figured out a brand new AC Delco fuel pump would not work , let alone un-returnableTerrible
 Replaced the original equipment motor in my Ford Escape and after less than 3 months the new motor began to rattle and would not work on the `` high '' setting . Returns are only available for 30 days . So much for OEM quality .
 This is Junk ! The hangers did n't line-up and had to be cutoff . So then I had to pay another muffler shop to replace it !
 Like so many others , I saw the commercial for Durashine on T.V. and was convinced that it would provide the absolute best and unbeatable protection for my Mercury Cougar . WRONG ! -LRB- I wish Amazon would allow vulgar language so that I may accurately describe this piece of ... waste product -RRB- The cars on T.V. were being shot with lasers and exposed to ocean water . Nothing was damaging the paint ; the water kept sliding right off the car and leaving a spot-free mirror finish with no effort . I would be a fool to believe every single thing on T.V. , but I certainly did not expect the paint on my car to WEAR DOWN ALL THE WAY TO THE PRIMER even though I repeatedly used this product !!! Save your hard-earned money and buy a real wax . ANY kind of wax will work better than Durashine . Just trust me on this ; I am so sick and tired of these dishonest companies scamming us by taking our money and leaving us with garbage , are n't you ?
 Do n't waist your money , it wo n't last . Cheaply made , Electric is my field and I would n't purchase this if I knew what I know now . They wo n't back behind their product .
 I ordered these window visors because they were inexpensive . Installation was easy except for the driver 's side rear window . The adhesive wo n't hold . No matter how much I try to press on the visor and the window trim to make good contact , the visor wo n't stick when the window is down . The visor stays fine with the window up as the pressure of the window against the trim keeps it in place . I would not drive anywhere with the window down as the visor will fly off . Looks like I 'll be buying double sided tape this weekend to try to get it to stick . Very disappointed . On the bright side , the front visors stick very well .
 Heading says it all . Product description says it is die-cast . If it is , it 's awfully flimsy . I was hoping for something less likely to twist .
 I have 2 of these plate frames on two different cars , one is on a car that is garaged and sees less than 10,000 miles a year , the other is on my daily driver car.I have had these frames on the car for less than 3 months , and already they are starting to fade , turn grey , and the finish is chipping off . This is with hand washing and Meguiar 's Soap and a simple garden hose.I was assuming this was a good deal , but you really do get what you pay for . I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 just because it 's still technically one one piece , but no longer in one color OR in good condition ...
 This relay replaced and older model and should have come with an adpater , which it did not . I returned it for full refund . -LRB- The photo of the light is not the relay -RRB-
 I order it for my husband for a 2001 Toyota Highlander and it does n't fit ... a lil large says the man and its does n't comes in a `` KIT '' which I thought it did ! It says so on the description . It is sooo not worth your money and all .
 Was hoping to get these to replace the tired trunk lid struts on my 850i , but they barely did a better job . Replaced with OEM which worked far better .
 First , I ordered one , but was sent two . . I think because they were aware that the iten would not work so they sent two hoping one would . Neither worked . Had to disassemble , and modify ... Even , it it was more work than it was worth so gave them away.I was only charged for the ONE I ordered .
 The light worked fine , but after a few charges , it will not hold a charge and is therefore useless . I would recommend buying something else .
 Based on reviews of product I thought this would be a great find . I was REALLY disappointed . Product seemed cheaply made . Tried to recharge two different ENEL3e batteries and neither would take a charge after leaving them plugged in for over 3 hours . I 've been using Nikon batteries and charger for over 6years and never had any difficulty with Nikon battery chargers.I was also disappointed in supplier - SF Planet . I requested 1 day shipping and product was sent in soft Priority Mail envelope -LRB- rather than a box -RRB- which resulted in external product packaging being deformed . Supplier finally sent me return authorization but not after first suggesting an exchange and then asking me to describe what did ' t work ?? After having paid for expedited shipping I chose not to pay to return product -- it goes in trash.Based on the other reviews of this product , perhaps I just got a lemon but based on my personal experience I would not recommend this product or make any future purchases from SF Planet .
 Exhaust arrived and when opened I discovered the exhasut system was missing parts and had been used !!!! Tried to call the company i purchased it thru and no one answered !!! Had to purchase my own clamps and gaskets . Exhaust works but the rest really sucked !!
 This product is fairly good quality but very slick . Not a good thing when you want a good grip . But most of all these are very very time CONSUMING ! OMG ! I spent two HOURS ! installing one of these ! ;-O You are threading a needle over and over through little holes and having to keep a tight tension all the way along ! You could n't pay me to install another one of these ! They look really nice when your done though ; - -RRB-
 Very high quality product , metal rapped cotton filter , not cheep foam , but ... The air filters have no built in plenums that keep the air flow strait and un-turbulent . If the air passes the ports at the intake of the carburetor is not even the carburetor will not have the proper air-fuel mixture . The factory air box has such plenums . I could not make the K-N filters work properly and returned them .
 Although the motor worked OK , the motor shaft that connects to the wiper arm pulled out on its own after two weeks of light use.Not well manufactured .
 Several aspects of this design suggest that Edelbrock does n't consider it 's application -LRB- or maybe does n't care -RRB- .1 st
 Comes as in the picture
 This guy is selling it for cheap , but in return we have to pay over $ 2,000 for shipping I would never ever even think of buying this item from this seller . Please get out of here look for hoods from another seller . Jeez 2K for shipping ! MAD CRAZY MY MAN
 I ordered a GREEN filter , what came in the box was not GREEN ! It was a white filter . Not too happy ! Sent it back .
 The ball stud was not properly threaded at the factory . Will not function unless I use a die on it myself . For 25 bucks you 'd think it would n't make it through the QA stage !
 I ordedred 2 of these at the same time . One was inoperable when I received it as it would not charge . I wanted something I could use continuously while hunting at night . These lights are only capable of 2 minute bursts of light when the red lense is on . After 2 minutes the light nust be turned off to cool , otherwise the lense could be damaged.The lights are also very heavy so even if they could be used for extended periods of time , they would become awkward.The shipper was excellent and accomodated my return in a prompt and professional manner .
 Item looks cheap as the edges are n't stitched and the unit does not fall into the dash depressions as expected . It just sits there and looks wrinkly .
 I had one of those produced by Vector before Black and Decker takeover . Its a great unit while it worked . One Day just after two years of purchased it and used about twenty times -LRB- Just keeping my Boat Batteries charged -RRB- , the unit started with an F03 error meaning the Battery was bad . Not sure it was the Battery , I tested the charger in three other Batteries all with the same F03 . Called Black and Decker for Warranty Support . The first thing was they asked if I keep the Original Purchase Receipt . That was It , No Receipt No Warranty , no matter I had the Credit Card Statement showing the purchase of $ 69.00 at Pep 's Boys . That was the end . The Rep told me `` That 's why you must staple the receipt to the Manual.Will never buy from Black and Decker again !
 Worked great but broke in less than a year . I did n't even use it that much . Fan still runs , but display and other lights do n't work .
 I have the black & decker unit with an F03 problem -LRB- model VEC 1095ABD -RRB- . It has worked well for about 8-9 months , but now it shows only the F03 on any battery -LRB- including ones that are operating normally and are charged -RRB- . I am very disappointed with this unit and it has turned me off from black & decker . The unit is made by a 3rd party OEM -LRB- Vector Manufacturing -RRB- . Previously I owned a Schumacher and it worked well for 10 + years before it was accidentally broken . Anyway , I am going back to Schumacher !
 I bought this unit to charge my deep cycle house batteries as well as my starting battery for my boat.I know my batteries are in good shape ... just wanted to top them off for winter . I followed the instructions to the tee and the unit just kept flashing between error code F03 and 000 . This says that the batteries are sulfated -LRB- which I know they are not -RRB- . It would not charge any of my batteries . I tried to call black and decker for technical support ... um ... lets just say I would have had better luck asking my 6 year old.I returned the unit and bought a less expensive schumacher model 1500 which started working right off.I also called Trojan Battery -LSB- Great Company -RSB- and asked them for recommendations for chargers ... the person I spoke to listed several . Black and Decker was not on the list .
 Maybe I 'll post a video review too so you can see it for yourself . Had this two years & warranty just expired . Does n't mater what battery I put it on . It just comes up F03 - Sulfated condition . 1st I 'm out the $ 80 that I paid for the junk-charger plus I 'm out $ 80 that I just paid for a new battery . It 's winter in Chicago and I did n't want to take chances with an unreliable battery . Too bad I got stuck with an unreliable-junk charger !
 This would be a five star review if the thing kept working . I loved it and found all the features useful and effective.Alas , it was not to be . The first one failed , and the dealer would not help me , so I sent it back to BD . They sent me a refurb which was intermittent , so back it went . 2 months later , I got another refurb from them . So far , so good . Maybe the third time will be the charm.UPDATE
 Very impressed when it was new , but the various switches started getting erratic and after 3 years they just do n't work . One of the battery clamps broke after about 2 years also . I 'm back to using my 15 year old `` Solar '' charger that is a simple transformer/rectifier unit . Old school wins this contest .
 Lasted about 1 1/2 years with low usage . The display now has a partial error code displayed . Always stored in a dry area , so it didnt get wet at any time .
 I had this same exact one in the vector name . This is a total piece of crap it worked maybe 4x then all i got was 2 error codes either bad connection or bad battery like an error code e04 or f04 . Even on batterys i knew was good the dam thing still showed these error codes . . `` Total piece of crap '' Best to stick to non computerized models of battery chargers in my opinion .
 The profile of the jaw makes for unreliable clamping as the lower portion with the pipe holding recesses makes contact before the tops and the jaws tilt in . The magnets that hold the jaws are also weak . I would n't recommend this tool and I 'd return it if I was allowed too .
 I had to replace the grille clips on my 1990 Toyota pickup 4x4 the clips were not an exact match I had to shave down the guides on the side of the clip to make it fit in my grille then they were too hard to push in the radiator support so I had to cut off the interior springs of the clip to make it fit in the radiator support , when i got them in they were too short to completely grip all of the grille mounts on the grille , but after about an hour of customization on the clips I was finally able to make them work
 The ashtray I recieved is very nice . However , the description says ' 9 piece . ' 8 more pieces are not coming . How can Amazon let this through ?
 Ordered 3 sets of 9 per set . Rec 'd only 3 . Sent in request for reorder or 21 more . Rec 'd 3 -LRB- only -RRB- again . Not going to reorder .
 the listing is for a 9 pack of these 99 cent store car ashtrays . . you only get 1 !!!!! needless to say . . it is going back !
 I can not now recommend this Denso oil filter . Although Denso is alleged to have made good products -LRB- in Japan ? -RRB- , the filters I recently purchased all have sizeable holes punched in the center of the clear plastic protective packaging film . I have never before seen such holes in any oil filter protective closures . Denso 's US CA warehouse has agreed that the holes are apparently present for all products they now have in stock , but Denso refuses to even discuss the technical whys and wherefores , or whether/if/how they control the process of making these holes so as to adequately control contaminant introduction to the filters . Particles , including those from the fractured as-punctured plastic film , are unavoidably introduced into and present in the DOWNSTREAM side of the oil filter because of these -LRB- vent ? -RRB- holes . From there , the contaminants are ready to enter and immediately damage your engine bearings ! I 've taken numerous photos and will be posting additional details on appropriate forums . Earlier Denso oil filters reportedly did not have such packaging holes . But , in case you do buy them , at least vacuum out the particles before installing them . Bob .
 Be warned . This item does not include a gasket like nearly every other transmission filter . Gasket sells for $ 18 on amazon . Better off buying the duralast version at autozone .
 This speedo cable is listed as a fit for a 1990 Toyota 4runner , 3.0 automatic . This is not true . Though the transmission end does fit , the speedometer connection is the wrong size and will not connect to the gauge cluster.Frustrating to discover this after routing the cable through the entire vehicle and not have it compatible . The connection looks the same at the cluster end , but is too small to go over the connector on the gauge cluster .
 This item is not exactly what is pictured . In the picture , the entire body of the bulb appears to be metal . In the package , the bottom half -LRB- that actually goes into the socket -RRB- was metal , but the top half -LRB- the bottom of the leds -RRB- was made of plastic . This is important because the plastic was not firmly secured to the metal base . As you probably know , 1157 bulbs have to be pushed into the socket and then rotated slightly . This bulb could not be twisted into position because the top plastic part would spin without turning the metal base ... so the bulb seemed pretty much unusable . I wish I had stopped there and sent it back . Unfortunately , I solved this design flaw with a few drops of super glue at the seam.So I was able to install the bulb ... and discover how dim it is . The marker/tail light function is OK . It is a little dimmer than stock , but acceptable . The brake/turn signal function is simply unacceptable . It is only slightly brighter than the tail light in the dark and barely noticeable in the daylight . It is just begging for a ticket ... or a rear ender.If I had n't superglued them , I would be sending them back.I DO NOT recommend this product .
 I installed worked fine was little dimmer than regular bulb but did not last long . Week or 2 later started flickering and died eventually . I would stay away !
 Put these in and after less than two months , the brake light portion stopped working . . pretty important part of the bulb . Went back to regular bulbs .
 Schumacher SEM-1562A 1.5 Amp Speed Charge MaintainerWell worth the price ... does exactly what it is suppose to do . -LRB- Update -RRB- After using this charger less than 5 mos . to maintain my R.V. , which is seldom driven , I have found that , because of the charger failing to cycle back to the charge mode properly , the battery that it was hooked to was stone dead . Now , I 'll do some research to find out the annoying process of returning the charger for warranty . -LRB- Update -RRB- I have contacted the manufacturer , Schumacher , concerning the failure of this charger but after 3 weeks , have received no response and it does n't look like I am going to . So , I guess I 'll just take the loss of making a bad choice and trash it . BTW , I am using two Chicago Electric on Board chargers , one on my Jeep and the other on my Mercury Sable . Both are giving very good service and are less expensive than the Schumacher or the Battery Tender .
 Beware -- the Schumacher SEM-1562A does NOT have a float mode and will NOT safely maintain stored batteries . The manufacturer has invented the phrase `` float mode monitoring '' to mislead buyers . To `` float '' a battery means to prevent it from discharging by applying a steady voltage at very low amperage . When a battery charger is in `` float mode '' the battery neither charges nor discharges , so it will last a long time because batteries age and wear out with each discharge-recharge cycle . The Schumacher SEM-1562A does NOT have a float mode . Instead , according to the documentation packaged with it , the SEM-1562A charges up any attached battery then turns off the charging voltage . The device then monitors the battery 's own voltage until that falls significantly -LRB- indicating partial discharge -RRB- , at which point the SEM-1562A re-charges the battery . That is to say , according to Schumacher , the SEM-1562A device CYCLES the battery . Instead of extending the battery 's life , this process will SHORTEN THE LIFE OF THE BATTERY . Since true `` float mode '' chargers are most desirable and the SEM-1562A lacks float mode , Schumacher has evidently decided to mislead buyers by redefining the technical term `` float '' to mean `` discharge '' in the phrase `` float -LSB- discharge -RSB- mode monitoring . `` If you want a small charger with a proper float mode , consider theBattery Tender 021-0128 Battery Tender Plus 12V Battery Charger .
 I bought this charger/maintainer as a cheap way to charge and maintain a car/truck battery that I seldom use . On the decription page on Amazon , there is a table that clearly shows that a 12v 550 to 1000 cold crank amps car/truck battery will take 24 1/2 to 46 1/4 hours to charge . Sounds good to me.I get the battery charger maintainer today . Hook it up as shown in the intructions , everything seems to be working great . I read the instructions further and discover that same table in the booklet , only QUITE different in some respects.The instuction manual table now says that such batteries should only be MAINTAINED by this charger . In fact it says almost all batteries in the table should not be charged with this device except the motorcycle and garden tractor , etc batteries . Reading further the instruction manual says , and I quote : `` The Schumacher SEM-1562A is a battery maintaniner , and maintains both 6 and 12 volt batteires , keeping them at full charge . It can charge small batteries and maintain both small and large batteries . If you are maintaining a fully charged large battery , you will be properly utilizing the battery charger . However , if you use the battery charger to charge a large battery , such as a marine deep cycle battery , that was not fully charged , you may lose some of the battery 's capacity . This would cause the large battery to be unable to hold a charge and become useless . Therefore , we do not recommend charging a large battery with this unit . `` Quite different than the description on Amazon , and apparently so different that it could easily lead consumers to buy this product and DAMAGE their expensive battery . I 'm contacting Amazon shortly for a full refund .
 It works ... Barely . It will not charge the battery enough to start the truck , and I have to disconnect the positive clamp and reconnect it to get it to keep the battery charged.If I had paid more I would have returned it.After a few months of use , does not keep truck battery charged .
 This is quite possibly the WORST battery charger EVER!I am currently on my 4th unit in the last 4 months!All I am charging with it are 6V Power Wheels batteries , so it `` should '' be no big deal . It keeps crapping out on me , and now I ca n't return the replacement unit Amazon sent!STAY AWAY from this awful charger !!!
 I purchased 2 of these chargers to maintain 2 marine batteries over the winter . Wanted to use the permanent ring terminals and the ring connectors . Just one problem - the holes in the provided connectors are too small to fit over the terminals so had to use the miniature battery clips provided - easily knocked off by activity in the area sitting on the garage floor . Chinese battery terminals on marine batteries must be smaller than here in the US . Pretty stupid that the distributor did n't catch this .
 This battery failed on me and a large minority of other reviewers . Would strongly recommend another battery in the price range .
 The amazon description states that the device will CHARGE 12 volt batteries . The instructions with the device recommends that you NOT charge 12 volt batteries ... and in fact states that doing so will destroy your 12 volt battery . The chart on the site is totally different from what is in the instructions.Amazon needs to remove this charge and these false advertizing statments and replace them with what is in the instructions.This thing is useless to me and anyone who does not read the instructions that come with the device risk destroying their very expensive battery!DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU PLAN TO CHARGE A 12 VOLT BATTERY!From the manual : `` We do not recommend charging a large battery with this unit . '' `` Large battery '' is a 12 Volt battery .
 Should have done my homework an read about this item on the company 's home page before ordering it . Forget about charging your car battery with this charge maintainer . Maybe you can charge your flashlight battery with it .
 This product makes you think it 's working when it 's not . After getting a dead battery , Shumacher made me pay for the 12 dollar shipping . Received the replacement unit , then it went bad right after the year warrentee . Do n't waste your time with this one !! I 've got a cheap 7 dollar battery maintainer from Harbor Freight that 's two years old and still working great .
 I 've sent back two of these and both have failed . Talk about cheap junk do n't waist your money . I now own a Genius G3500 3.5 amp and it kicks big time butt .
 I bought it a month ago , today I used it to charge my auto battery , I spent almost 12 hours , but it did n't work , I really want to return it .
 Like the reviewer Daniel , my unit died quickly . I also could n't return it to Amazon because it was outside of the return window time frame . I did n't test it right away after purchase because I 'd never had any electronic items died so quickly . By the time I realized it was a bad unit , it was too late to return back to Amazon . I know it has a one or two year warranty , but it will be at my own expense to ship it for warranty work . For a $ 20 unit , it was n't worth it for me . Other reviewers have had no problems , but I 'm just reporting what happened to me .
 I used it to charge my motorcycle battery . I hooked it up and plugged it in and all lights indicated that the battery was being charged . After 2 hours , I went to check on the charge . The battery was still dead and the unit was very warm to the touch . I was charging the unit in my garage and the garage temperature was about 70 degrees . The next day , I came out and all lights on the charger were off . The battery was not charged . I hook up another trickle charger and it charged the battery just fine . I think that charger was a `` champion '' . I am not able to return to amazon for a full refund because it is outside the return window . If you are foolish enough to buy this product be sure to test immediately .
 Had it for a week , does what it says it does , but make absolutely sure the clips do n't touch anything when it 's attached . Positive alligator clip got close to inner hood liner and burned . Flamed up . Burnt the red plastic boot off and if i did n't blow the liner out -LRB- I freaked ! -RRB- , my vehicle would have gone poof ! Pilot error ? Bad design ? Who knows.Edit
 Poorly manufactured product . The contact of the switch felt out at arrival . Only 6vdc worked . I had to open up the unit and reassemble the sliding swith to make the 12vdc work -LRB- green indicator on without load -RRB- . My car battery was purchased about a year ago considering as new . I did not used the car very often . The battery went out if I did not use the car for about three weeks.Hooking up the charger to my car battery was not a problem -LRB- yellow indicator was on -RRB- . But it only took about 5 minutes to overload the charger -LRB- red indicator turned on and yellow one turned off -RRB- . I could not reset the charger unless unplug and plug it back . Same thing happened again and again . I decided to keep it hooked with red indicator on . The unit got hot , not burning hot . It seemed that enven with red indicator on , it still charge a little . I left the charger with my car battery with the red indicator on over night and tried to start the engine next morning . Bearly , the engine started.I was a little disappointed with the product on the performance and design.I would not recommend this product to any one who is trying to charge the car batteries .
 I have a collectors car that the battery kept going low in while its not driven much . On reading and researching trickle chargers , the Schumacher got excellent reviews from several people . I ordered the unit , and when it arrived I found that it had no instructions . Having worked on cars a bit I figured out how to hook the unit up . First thing to mention . There are two different connectors that come with the unit . One is alligator clips as found on jumper cables but a little smaller , used for short term use , and the other are two brass loops used to attach the hook up permenently to the battery posts . The loops holes were so small , they would not fit anything without extensive drilling and enlarging . That took about an hour of my time . The battery we were attempting to truckle charge was holding just enough charge to get a quick ratcheting from the starter , but not enough to turn the crank . So we hooked up the unit and expected to see a yellow light indicating a low charge and that the trickle charger was working . We got a yellow light for all of 30 seconds , then it switched to green . Without instructions , I was not sure if this was correct or not . We left the unit hooked up for 24 hours and decided to see how it worked . Did n't to a thing . The battery was no more charged than when we hooked it up to this unit . I am very dissapointed , and do n't think I 'd recommend the unit to anyone .
 i have purchased two schumacher products over the last five years to keep my car 's battery charged over the winter . both have died . the first one in one year -LRB- just outside the warranty -RRB- , the other after two 1/2 years -LRB- once again just outside the warranty -RRB- . my experience suggests that these products are marginally engineered and i ca n't recommend them . BUY ANOTHER BRAND !!!!!!!!!
 This product was purchased to maintain a charge for my car battery at a vacation property when the auto was garaged and not in use . Worked fine the first year , and second time the 1 year old battery was rendered useless -LRB- totally dead and not able to be recharged was teh prognosis -RRB- and had to purchase a new battery . Assuming it was the battery and to give the charger the beneift of doubt , the charger was again used only to return to a battery with a very low charge that could not start the vehicle had to be charged with a full service Die Hard charger . Once fully charged , no issue with starting the vehicle - so no other issues . Just for the heck of it , I connected the Schumacher charger to the battery to see if it would show a full charge , and it would just not move from the yellow charging mode . This charger is now officially dead in my opinion and will be replaced with a more reliable one .
 This battery charger / maintainer lasted all of 8 days !! I 'm an electrician by trade and am well versed in areas like this.The owner 's manual says it has protection internal to the charger . It has a bad design flaw because the protection is an internal 10 amp fuse that is soldered on a printed circuit board.Once ya blow the fuse the charger is history . I guess the old adage '' ya get what ya pay for '' applies here . A circuit breaker external on an expensive unit is probably available .
 I had a Deltran Battery Tender for over 10 years it died . So , I was going to get another one and they are now about $ 60.00 . I got sidetracked with this one mainly because it was cheap and the reviews on Amazon were good . My red top Optima battery was also totally dead it is 7 years old . When stuff goes bad it happens all at once it seems . I put it on my regular charger and it came back to life fully charged . I hooked up the Schumacher and it started to do its thing then it went into abort mode . I tried it again and it went into abort mode and would not work . Scumacher says it can be because the battery needs to large of a charge ? It is 12 volt battery . I took my Optima to the AutoZone parts store and they tested it and it held a charge while they applied a load to test , the battery is fine . I returned this and bought another Deltran it is hooked up right now and has completed the charging and the steady green light is on . I keep forgetting that most of the time you get what you pay for . This may work ok on a newer system and for a car that is run at last once a week . Mine is a classic car that gets out just in the summer and is stored most of the year . The Schumacher for me was not good and I would n't recomend it to anyone for a car that needs to stay charged but is n't used much . Once it again for me I got what I paid for a cheap item that did n't work right .
 Hugh disappointment . Instead of disconnecting my battery cables when going to Florida for the season , decided to use what I though was a reputable battery charge maintainer by Schumacher . Read all the instructions , followed to a fault and left . Came home three months later and the car started , no problem . All of a sudden a day later , it would n't start after a short trip , after a jump , came home and charged battery with my normal battery charger . Went out again the next day , same thing , would n't start . Took it into dealer , and they advised '' fried battery '' . They informed my it was the charger maintainer that fried the battery . -LRB- new battery by the way -RRB- . Wrote to Schumacher and told them about their charger maintainer '' float mode '' did n't work . Never received a reply . Buy one if you want , but if your battery fries , do n't be surprised . Would n't buy anything from Schumacher again .
 Although the chart on the product description says that this unit can charge deep cycle / marine batteries , the chart in the instruction manual enclosed with this unit says not to charge deep cycle / marine batteries with this charger . Instead , the enclosed chart indicates that this charger is only suitable for maintaining a charge . Given the discrepancy between the Amazon description and the included documentation , I 'm not going to risk hurting my expensive marine batteries .
 I have had two Schumacher chargers . An earlier version of this one -LRB- the decals have changed -RRB- and a larger one . Neither one lasted very long . The larger one , Model SC7500A had a few of the lights go out , so you really ca n't tell what it 's doing . These chargers have been kept in the house , not left outside , and their use has not been substantial enough to justify this premature failure . Save your Money . I now have a Battery Minder which I really like as well as a Noco Genius . I think both are excellent . The Genius also has a 6 volt mode on it .
 This Schumacher Model . SEM-1562A wo n't even qualify as a poor boat anchor . I know it do n't qualify as a Battery Maintainer as it lasted 6 days connected to my 12 volt gas engine battery on the golf cart . The first thing that signaled it was no good was the fact the power -LRB- red -RRB- light did n't come on when I connected/hookup the first time . Secondly , the Yellow light a solid yellow stayed on for at least 10 hours , and than I had a Green light . Today , I went out to get the SEM-1562A and the Yellow light was `` blinking '' off and on indicating it was in the `` aborted '' mode , which meant it was gone/history as they say when something dies.Now I have a choice , send it back and pay $ 6.00 to $ 8.00 is shipping to get another one that may do the same , or salvage some of the parts ... electric cord , etc and trash the thing . And go buy a `` real '' battery tender . There 's an old wives tale ... you get what you pay ... $ 19.00 plus tax did n't get what you paid . Off to the moon and see what they may have up there that will work .
 Inexpensive to buy , but this unit had a faulty cord that prevented the battery from charging . Called the manuf after playing wit it for two weeks and found out if you ca n't show a receipt of purchase they wo n't stand behind the warranty . You get what you pay for I guess
 This unit only maintains car/truck batteries . The charging time chart in the description is not the same as in the box . The chart in the description lists charge times for car batteries ; The chart in the included directions shows ` maintain only ' for any car/truck batteries 200 - 1000CCA . The manufacturer should be more clear about this in their description . It kind of implies that it will charge car batteries . It should state `` charges some smaller 12V batteries '' not `` automatic charging accessory for use with everything from smaller batteries designed for motorcycles , tractors and mowers , to standard car / truck batteries and marine / deep cycle batteries . ''
 It is a maintainer , not a charger . This unit is great for topping off a battery , and/or maintaining one in storage . No issue with that , but it will not charge a dead battery . At a very low battery voltage like 10.6 V , it simply turns on its RED LED and shuts off - no go , unusable . That was on an unusually small car battery , for a Prius . I think it is cooling problem , because in final desperation , I set it up on end , with LED at bottom , and hot transformer at top , then it managed to work . Set it back flat , and it turns off.Disappointed . . risk is that it may not be there for me when I most need it .
 The charger worked okay the first 2-3 times that I used it overnight , but then left a battery on it for a few days and the charger case literally melted and it quit working . If you need to charge a low battery enough to start a car and can get it cheap , it does alright . However if you need something for more regular use , get something better .
 Alternate cable was mis-marked . -LRB- Black was red , red was black ! -RRB- Nearly burned my house to the ground . Fricking thing started smoking , scared the hell out of me . I threw it out , after I put it out . DANGEROUS . Run , do n't walk from this product !
 I 've have this for 3.5 years and on my third battery . So I 'm not this newbie that has had it for 1 week along with my new bike that I 'm still giddy about . I thought I was buying cheap batteries , but after hearing that guys were getting 5 years our of their Interstate battery . This past week I hooked it up to the bike and charged overnight and nothing the next morning . I did it again for 2 days and same . I pulled the battery and the cells were bone dry.This companion was NOT a friend of the battery . It is supposed to shut off when it 's done . This little vampire does n't shut off and I am just now find this out 3 years & 3 batteries later . I called Schumaker and told them the issue in about 30 seconds and ended that I bought the charger/tender/companion about 3 years ago.Her dry response , `` they have a 2 year warranty '' followed by silence ... nothing . I did n't mention that I waited about 15 min to talk to a `` technician '' . As I am writing this I am getting upset enough to call them back . It will only make me more upset . . So I called and at first she was just as receptive as the first . After almost laughing on how robotic their customer service is she asked if I wanted to create a claim for the previous batteries . Absolutely ! She is email me the form to fill our and adds that I would be dealing with legal from now of . After I got off the phone I think I realized what happened . I do n't think talking to `` legal '' will be much fun.What a hassle .
 Schumacher Battery charger seriously lacked the about to charge ... I would like to return but done know where to send ...
 Everything is fine except for the glass . When you look in the mirror it makes you feel like you 're drunk . I will be returning it .
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . These bulbs are so dim that they can not possibly pass federal standards . They are maybe 1/4 the brightness of a standard 12 v factory bulb . As brake lights they would actually create a situation where those following you might not even see them in daylight .
 The directional nature of this light makes it appear to be dim . I do n't think these are safe for use .
 0 stars . this light is very dim . can hardly see it during day light . they give off only a fraction of what the stock lights do . Dont waste your money . Wouldnt be safe to drive with them
 Fel-Pro usually has a great product . I am certain these seals would also carry the same quality . The only problem , but a major one , is that the set contains 16 seals and does not differentiate between the intake and exhaust . I had to buy a set from Acura to make sure everything worked ok . Not Amazons fault , but Fel-Pro 's for not labeling correctly .
 This part is of very poor quality . It 's not even close to OEM . The rubber is very thin and there is no ridge on the end flanges to keep the band from coming off.And , although they provide this inner band -LRB- shown -RRB- there is no outer band , spring clip or anything to secure the outer end of the part.Lastly , the OEM parts left and right bellows are different -LRB- at least for my vehicle -RRB- , the right side part being longer by about 2 pleats -LRB- the rack moves out further on the right side -RRB- . The `` right side '' K9367 part is exactly the same as this left side part , K9306.The OEM boots are also used in some Honda Odyssey vans , but I found my local Acura dealer had the better pricing . . $ 22 for the right side -LRB- 53534-SB4-305 -RRB- and $ 25 for the smaller left side -LRB- 53534-SB4-000 -RRB- . Check to make sure what OEM part fits your car .
 I bough this charger new about 12 years ago for $ 30 . So the price has n't change much over the years . It started intermitting about 5 years ago . You could pick it up and let it drop about a foot and it would start working again . It got where it just would n't charge at all so I took it apart.Turns out there is a design flaw in the Schumacher Heat Sink Dual Diode Assembly . The charger uses a pop rivet to mount the rectifier -LRB- Diode -RRB- to the metal heat sink . The heat sink is also used for current flow through the Single Pole Thermal Type Breaker to the positive side of the battery cable . As time passes oxidation and heat causes the resistance to increase between the Diodes and the heat sink . This can results in an intermitting charge and in time total failure.I found a new replacement Schumacher Heat Sink Dual Diode Assembly but it cost over $ 30 which is about what I paid for new charge.I repaired the old assembly by removing it , drilling out the pop rivet and cleaning the Diode and heatsink contacts , sanding the heatsink contact surface and using an Oxide inhibitor like DE-OX on the contact . I also used a small nut and bolt in place of the pop rivet.The charger now work like new . I would hope by now Schumacher would have corrected this problem . Since I do n't have a new model to check I have no idea . All in all I think this model SE-82-6 is over rated . After finding the problem it was hard for me to believe it was made in USA .
 RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX , THE 12V-6 AMP WORKED , BUT THE 12V-2 AMP , AND 6 VOLT DID NOT . I HAVE HAD TO RETURN THE LAST 5 OR 6 ELECTRICAL ITEMS THAT I HAVE PURCHASED THAT WERE MADE IN CHINA , -LRB- SOME FROM AMAZON , SOME FROM WALMART ONLINE -RRB- , BUT NET RESULT IS THEY ARE NON FUCHTIONAL RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX . THESE ITEMS ARE ABSOLUTELY NOT TESTED AFTER PRODUCTION . BOTH SALES OUTLETS ARE GOOD ABOUT RETURNS , BUT I AM TIRED OF BOXING THINGS BACK UP AND SENDING THEM BACK . THE CHARGER ALSO HAS NO ON/OFF SWITCH SO BE SURE TO UNPLUG IT AFTER USAGE . I AM DONE BUYING ELECTRICAL ITEMS ONLINE .
 Charger arrived broken . The insides were clearly not attached to anything and rattling around . I am afraid to even attempt to use this for fear of serious damage to the battery or damage to myself . This is clearly not a safe product to use in the condition it arrived in .
 I purchased this manual SE-82-6 charger back in March 2010 from local AutoZone store ... It was used ONCE to charge a depleted truck battery that was over 6 years old , and the battery was replaced soon after.Fast forward 2 years to October , and the charger had been stored in it 's box in a cabinet in a dry garage . I tried to charge a NEW deep cycle 12 volt RV battery that had been deeply discharged to less than 20 % -LRB- hydrometer -RRB- during a 3 day camping trip . Well , the charger does NOTHING but hum a little . The charge indicator needle will not move at all either in 6 amp or 2 amp modes ... I left it on the charger overnight and measured the following day -LRB- 18 hours -RRB- . . Guess what , dead battery ... . Voltage output of the charger no load was 0 volts . . So I bought a small 1.5 amp automatic charger and pluggind in to that , and immediately the output of the new charger was 13.6 volts , and it took 3 days at 1.5 amps but it did fully charge the battery and start the float/maintain mode.So used ONCE successfully , and then no good after two years on a shelf ... . No more Schumacher chargers in my future .
 Bought this item from amazon . Charger worked fine for about two months ... then quit for no reason . What a piece of junk !!!
 Was looking for a trickle charger for a 12-volt battery and thought from the advertising on the box that this one might do the job . If I 'd known more about chargers , the word `` manual '' would have clued me in , but if you 're as inexperienced as I was -- this does not have an automatic shutoff . Also , I find the gauge unnecessarily hard to interpret , with its two-way graph . A much simpler and smaller trickle charger is the Shumacher SEM 1562A/SFM 1562A .
 I have an old RV -LRB- 440 dodge engine -RRB- that I store in Mexico and always needs a jump to start . This would n't even turn the engine , even though I can jump the RV with my Suzuki Aerio with a 2L engine . So basically not enough power for big engines . At least I could inflate my tires , for what that 's worth.Note
 Bought for emergency jump starts at home or on the road . Had an intermittent electrical drain that caused all of my car interior lights to come on by themselves maybe once a year that drained the battery . -LRB- Bug in the alarm code . Dealer could n't fix . -RRB- Bought the B&D ; because it was highly reviewed on Amazon and offered 450 amps . Got my first dead battery about a year later . Charged battery . Tried to jump . Nada . Let car sit and charged another 36 straight hrs . Nada . Technically , when I hooked the B&D ; up to the car battery , the dash display lit up and therefore had some power , but this thing could not even crank the engine once!To be fair , the BMW X5 battery is a slightly different from a standard car battery in that it uses a bit more power up front than a conventional battery . But not much . And even so , my car only has a 550 amp battery starting a 3.0 6-cyl , not the V8 V10 or V12 engines . And the B&D ; could not even get my car to crank for a second on a full charge before draining itself again .100 % disappointed as you can imagine as it did not do the job advertised -- that being , when fully charged , this can jump start a car with a dead battery . Tried twice as I said . Glad I was not on vacation when this happened.My recommendations to my fellow Amazon shoppers looking at this jumper for `` real '' peace of mind :1 . Get a larger -LRB- or perhaps a professional -RRB- model with a minimum of 550-650 amps2 . Test it on your own car before trusting this on the roadHope this saves some of you the $ 80 if you own a BMW or have a larger vehicle or a bigger battery . They got me on this one .
 As a tire inflater , it 's still good and reliable BUT - and a huge BUT at that - the battery-charger worked only twice then petered out completely . Infuriating . Indicator lights tell me that I 'm fully charged but it 's a lie . No juice whatsoever . Bummer !
 I have a 2007 Tahoe which has a habit of not starting due to a dead battery -LRB- battery has been tested as fine and Chevy are trying to solve the root cause -RRB- . I was tired of asking for a jump start from people so though this would be perfect . Unfortunately i was very wrong . It 's next to useless and barely makes a difference when it 's connected . VERY disappointed .
 I have had a few minor issues with this jump starter since it was new , first the recharger quit . . after getting a replacement , it gets recharged about once every other month.and is not used often.while I might expect the battery to fail , that has not been the issue.Recently the unit showed no charge despite being recharged , figuring it was the battery , as an electrician , I have worked at a tool maintenance facility , so I opted to replace the battery.after taking the unit apart I was surprised to find the battery fully charged.trouble shooting found the on / off selector switch no longer worked.and two leads to the circuit board had fallen off?over all it looks as if the joints were not soldered on properly if at all . . pretty poor quality workmanship.long ago I stopped buying BLACK AND DECKER DUE to QUALITY ISSUES . . THIS JUST RE-AFFIRMS THAT DECISION . . given the gentle use this charger had a year is not to long to expect it to work .
 I love the tire guage and how quickly it inflates tires for how small it is . I use it for the bikes every spring . It did start my mom 's Camry once . I charged it to 3 lights , let it charge for two more hours , and it was still on 3 . I tried to start the car , thoroughly . No start . I let it charge for 3 more hours
 I used it to jump start a few vehicles and a riding tractor . I 've also used the inflator ... . all as expected . When I went to check battery level before this weekend 's snow storm , it showed little charge left . Immediately when I plugged in the charger , it fizzled and popped in my outlet and showed the unit being fully charged.Unfortunately , into the trash this unit goes . The plug-in charger runs $ 30 and a new one of these units goes for $ 60 . I did the math , and I 'm looking for a better replacement now ...
 this item arrived on time but with the plastic casing cracked . Package showed no outer damage . I must have been sent a faulty/damaged item . This item also has no 12v outlet that you can plug items into . Very disappointed and because it is considered ` hazardous material ' I ca n't return it to Amazon . A waste of $ 80 + .
 Do n't buy this Vector jump-start compressor . The compressor quit after less than 9 months , Amazon will not take it back , and there is NO customer service from the manufacturer . After several days of trying to contact Vector I gave up and am going to a retailer that will take the product back if it breaks . Amazon is fine for buying some things -LRB- like books -RRB- , but anything mechanical that could break I 'm going to buy at a retailer from this point forward due to Amazon 's terrible returns policy on many of their products .
 The model # matches the advertisment but the unit I received did not have the 12 volt plug in outlet .
 I have another battery booster -LRB- Century brand -RRB- that I bought in 2001 and still works great . I wanted another one for my Prius as it is easy for a valet to leave the car on and drain the small battery that powers the electronics and allows the car to start . After 6 months I found it would no longer take a charge and it is on its lowest charge state setting even after 8 hours of charging.The air compressor actually works better than my other 12 volt compressor only one but that was when it was new . Now it is junk and I need to pull out the NiCad battery so it can be disposed of properly . The compressor also adds considerably to the bulk of the booster so if you want something compact to fit in the trunk or under a car seat this is not the one to get.Thought with the Black and Decker that it would be better than average in quality but the reverse is true . Bought a PEAK brand for $ 55 to replace the B&D ; and will see how well it holds up . As with any rechargeable battery it is a good idea to recharge it at least every other month whether it has been used to start a car or not . Deep discharges are tough on battery life and many chargers will not recharge a battery when it drops below 20 % of its capacity though good units have a control to keep this from happening . The PEAK battery booster has an alarm function and will start beeping when it needs to be recharged which is a great feature for this type of out of sight out of mind device.I hate to be adding junk to the local landfill much less dealing with the toxic aspects of cadmium in batteries so having this Black and Decker fail so quickly is doubly irritating . When you need it the most - i.e. your car battery is dead , that is when you find that this booster is also dead and you are out of luck.Always a good idea to have a set of jumper cables just in case but the boosters are much handier and work great in situation where it may not be possible to get another car into position with its battery . With a booster it is a more idiot proof procedure with just two cables to connect and not having to worry about the sequence of the 4 connections as with jumper cables . Jumper cables may be a better choice if your car is outdoors in subfreezing conditions -LRB- can store the booster in the house though -RRB- or for very hot climates as baking at 160 degrees in a car out in the Arizona sun is going to greatly shorten the battery life .
 This piece of equipment worked really well as far as juicing up the battery when it 's dead , and it 's really easy to charge and use . Problem is , after I had used it a couple times , the cheapo plastic clamps BOTH SNAPPED . Now they ca n't grip on the battery terminals . Under warranty , but so expensive to ship -LRB- shipping not covered by warranty -RRB- that it is n't worth it . Great idea , shoddy construction . ALL VECTOR have these same plastic clamps , so try to find one with metal clamps .
 Pretty much , the battery option died after the first 45-60 days despite meticulously following the charging instructions . More specifically , it fails to hold a charge much longer than a few days while kept in a trunk starting around that time frame . As a tire inflator , it works fine as long as it 's charged . Today , after about 2 years of ownership , the inflator finally died too just a few moments ago . Perhaps that 's considered a good run and perhaps not . I 'd intended it for the convenience of not having to go to a gas station for the usual guy-routine tire checks.Black & Decker is not the product it was 20 + years ago .
 I used this on my PIAA 410 that is mounted on a grill guard . I installed it as per the instructions and realized the bracket is now very well protected from the bracket nut being loosened BUT there is nothing protecting the light casing from being separated from the bracket by using a simple allen key or socket.I feel this does nothing to protect the light from being stolen but your bracket will be protected .
 This $ 29.00 lock protects the -LRB- probably -RRB- $ 10 brackets while , as pointed out in another review , leaves the expensive lights easy for the taking . I am sure PIIA could have specified at the very least , simple torkx screws , or even better lock screws . They could have passed the cost on to the consumer . As is , it is fairly useless . If you have $ 29 to burn ...
 These locks `` seem '' like a great idea . They are installed over your existing mounting bolt with a hardened conical device that is difficult to grab with vice grips and comes with a key . Great idea right !? The problem is ... PIAA lights are attached to a bracket by a small bolt which is easily accessible by anyone . These locks will lock your mounting bracket down great ... and it may keep the honest thieves away . All is takes is to remove the small bolt between the light and the bracket and your lights are stolen . The thieves may not get your mounting bracket though ... but PIAA probably sells replacements for a couple bucks however . I purchased these locks , so I went ahead and installed them . It gives me a piece of mind against the honest thieves ... otherwise , do n't waste your money . I will replace the standard small bolt that attaches the lights to the mounting bracket with some sort of `` security '' bolt or torx bolt . Not guaranteed protection , but more piece of mind to protect my $ 260 investment .
 I bought 4 injectors . My mechanic installed them 2 were leaking fuel.I went and bought new seals for them still leaking . I put in the old injectors leak stopped . So the new REMANUFACTURED INJECTORS FROM AUS ARE POOR QUALITY .2 good and 2 bad.The injector body is very poor quality . Now i am going to buy 2 new and NOT REMANUFACTURED FROM AUS
 The build quality is very poor . Can you imagine the nice-looking front panel is actually a piece of PAPER loosely -LRB- you can lift it up and see the back -RRB- attached to a metal plate , which is also loosely attached to the rest of the box ? Worst , the one I got did not charge , and with a multimeter I found the output voltage is only 8.7 volt . I sent it back immediately.I purchased it because of the previous two five star reviews , so I do n't want other people to fall into the same trap . You have been warned .
 All I can say is this charger did not perform for the way it was designed . I read all the instructions and safety guidance to insure I was informed so to use the Charger properly ... The Green light did not function ! The machine shut off on its own from what I suspect was due to over-heating . I touched the casing after a shut off and it was medimum high hot to the point you could n't keep your hand there very long . The instructions tell you to use various switches for different functions , then in another paragraph it tells you not all switches are availsbe on all models . . -LRB- Why mention them if they are not available ? -RRB- The only way to shut off and turn on the charger was by removing the plug from the outlet . -LRB- I thought that was a little cheapish -RRB- My disappointment was I only had the Charger one day ! I followed the instructions to the letter . The charger only had two switches . One was for the amount of AMPS to use and , the other was the type battery to charge ... There was no choice for Voltage , 6 or 12 volt as I thought there should be.I telephoned the Schumacher Customer Services Rep. and spoke to a real live female who was very polite and helpful . I told her that that the Charger overheated twice and cut off on its own , also I only received the machine the night before . She told me to pack the charger up , and UPS would pick up the machine Monday , 1-03-11 ...
 Will not charge a battery very much at all . Does not recognize the proper voltage a battery must be charged to . The computer will not allow enough charging time so the battery does not charge much at all . Now is used as a display piece . I suggest that you get a manual battery charger that does not have the automatic feature . I got a small Battery Tender and although it charges slowly the battery is able to get a full charge.I did not realize the battery charger did not work correctly until after the return , warranty period was over . I am stuck with a white elephant.Avoid automatic battery chargers if you can . Automatic is a feature that is nice if it works right . This one never did .
 US company thats been around since the 1940s but charger was made in Mexico ? I bought this charger for my small John Deere mower because the batt keeps going dead . I have charged the batt all day and the lawn mower still will not start , even on the 50 Amp setting . When I tried using the 50 Amp setting the charger blew the breaker on my house . I have to use my truck with jumper cables to start it . This charger is too weak to even jump a small lawn mower .
 This product is the same as the Sears Diehard 200.071222 . Both made in Mexico and neither recommended . Both shorted out after little use . Beware .
 I am happy with my purchase . It is very useful with my Mobil automotive business and i would recommend it for those Mobil mechanics
 I purchased this charger for use at my second home . I was away on vacation when it arrived . By the time I returned home and opened the package the return date had expired . Too bad for me . The charger was filthy ; dusty and covered in greasy fingerprints . It was damaged ; dented on the bottom , and scratched . It appears to have been dropped . Additional the charger was simply rattling around inside its cardboard box ; no plastic wrap , or Styrofoam to secure the charger inside the box . There were no instructions , warrantee cards ... nothing , not even a receipt . It was like I had bought a used and abused battery charger at garage sale , or shoddy flea market , except I paid full price for it.Based on my observations I can only conclude Amazon sold me a returned/used item , without even inspecting the item before shipping it to me.My attempts to contact Amazon about this purchase , and pleas for satisfaction despite the expired return period , have gone ignored.This is the most unsatisfactory and frankly disgusting purchase I 've made through any website.Because of this incident I will think twice before making any further purchases at Amazon .
 OK , so I 've only owned 2 Schumacher chargers . But when you spend $ 70 for a charger you expect it to work at least twice , & this one did n't . One star for decent packaging .
 I bought this charger earlier this year , it still works but it hums so loudly now that I can hear it in the next room . It also gets very hot when plugged in for even an hour . I have a manual schumacher battery charger for over 15 years it still works and does not Hum at all nor does it get hot . I hope this is just a defective unit and Schumacher has not traded quality for price .
 I bought this charger a few weeks ago and it shorted out the first day when I plugged it in .
 I bought this charger 3 months ago and it failed this morning when I plugged it in . There was no load on the charger as the alligator clips were well separated and definitely not short circuited . Being an engineer I took the cover off , traced the circuit diagram and ohmed-out the transformer to find that the transformer had failed . It is not repairable.UL approval requires that the hot wire of the power line first go to a circuit protection device -LRB- fuse or circuit breaker -RRB- . There is no visible fuse or circuit breaker in the 120V circuit . The hot power wire goes directly to the transformer , which is a gross UL violation , unless there is a fuse inside the transformer , which I can not determine since it is a sealed unit . The neutral wire goes to a switch which chooses different transformer taps for different output current settings . Thus , it appears that the 120V circuit must be protected by the house circuit breaker.A small point , the 50 amp . output is unlikely since there is a 35 amp . 12 volt breaker in series with the negative DC output lead . This , of course , does not protect the AC side of the circuit.Be very careful with this product as it may be a fire waiting to happen . If you own one I suggest that you place it on a concrete floor far away from any combustible materials . Do not place this unit on a wooded work bench while plugged in to AC power .
 The title sums it up . Went to top off a new battery , the charger hummed and before I could unplug it I saw the genie escape and now I have an 11 pound $ 50 black box that does nothing . I could send it back for repairs , but after paying for shipping I 'd have more invested in it than it is worth ... wait , I already do . Schumacher 's certainly are n't what they used to be . My model CR312 still works after +20 hard years .
 What a F *** ing rip off ! part number has 5944/04 ... means four spark plugs as in the picture right ? No , it 's for one spark plug . Very clever .
 I purchased this product because of the price and the Bran name . I have already had to replace one side a second time since purchase . AMAZON was great in the warranty process they sent out the part and the shipping was made easy . I was doing an oil change yesterday and saw that the other side in no torn open . The Rubber boots are not holding up on this item and it is lots of work and time to replace them . There fore I rate it at a 2 star for the price only .
 I purchased these seat covers for my 1996 Ford Crown Victoria with 50/50 split front seats because regular seat covers are not wide enough and do not have an opening for the seat belt buckles which extends through the front seats.These covers fit very well once they are mounted , but this requires removing the seat from the vehicle.Even though the installation instructions claim removing the seat is not necessary , there is no way to pull the stretch cords out enough to get them through the vinyl flaps of the seat cover that need to extend through the seat crevice to the back of the seat . Likewise there is no way to hook the stretch cord underneath the seat to the S-hooks on the front of the underside.The seat cover material is okay , but definitely not heavy duty as I expected for the price . I would say it is the same as universal seat covers that typically cost around $ 30 per pair.Finally the opening slit for the seat belt buckle is not parallel to , but 90 degrees off to the seat belt buckle ... poor quality control , or poor design . The buckle will fit through it , but will disturb the surface of the seat cover.All in all , an okay product , but very pricey.P.S . Today I discovered after one week 's usage that the seat cover has ripped at the bottom of the backrest ; clearly the seat cover fit is TOO TIGHT even though they are supposed to be `` custom made '' for my Crown Victoria.This is now a BAD product and really overpriced !
 I was very cheap looking and the paint chipped off quickly do n't waste your money
 I thought this would be cute on my car , but was disappointed to notice that rain & snow washed off most of the black paw prints on the frame . Apparently the paint the manufacturer uses is NOT water-resistant . I 've noticed same plate on another car locally , same washed-off paw prints . Ultimately the frame ends up looked kinda battered & weird . Do n't waste ur $ here .
 A bumper sticker should have few words in a large simple font so it can be read from a good distance . This sticker is made up of two sentences , one in a small point size in reverse type . In most cases the punch line of this sticker will be missed rendering the set-up meaningless . Short statements or slogans work best .
 This is a nice theme , EXCEPT the sticker disintegrated after a short time on my truck . I would avoid it unless used out of the weather .
 This bumper sticker does not account for the fact that not everyone is from Europe . Some of us , in fact , are from Pluto .
 I found two problems with this item
 The concept of this charger is great , and it even works excellent when it actually works . I used it about 10 times , and the display `` froze '' 5 out of the 10 times . Basically , say the display says the battery is at 60 percent charge , it stays at 60 . So , i returned it to Amazon -LRB- 5 star return policy by the way -RRB- and bought the Schumacher SC-10030A . Which i could not be more happy with . It does everything a big old school wheeled charger can do .
 I used it to charge my deep cycle battery on my sailboat . In order to charge you need to push a button to set it to 10A deep cycle battery . Big issues :1 - if the electrical cord disconnects it resets to the normal setting/lower amps charge and it starts RAPIDLY discharging my battery2 - if you leave the charge connected to the battery and you disconnect the charger from the AC outlet , the charger starts draining the electricity from the battery , I guess trying to stay on . = &#62; often left the dock and the battery was dead a few minutes later because of # 2 problem . I broke 2 batteries already because of this , as they kept being drained by the charger for days until I came to find it dead . After paying for 2 new batteries I finally understood the problem .
 this charger came on and showed cond . of battery but would never charge . i changed every connection several times and even bought a new extension wire thinking the old wire might be faulty . i also tried it on another battery that i knew was ok . still did not work . i mailed it back to amazon yesterday .
 I could not get the charger to charge my car battery . Took battery to a local auto suppy store and they had no problem charging the battery . Sent item back
 Do not leave this unit switched on and hanged on battery ! - UNIT NEVER SWITCHES OFF AUTOMATICALLY - IT CAN NOT DETERMINE WHEN BATTERY IS CHARGED ! ENDLESS CHARGING ! ... - NEVER SEEN IN BATTERY TESTING or DESULFATING MODE - seems unit does n't use this AT ALL.I 've been using this device for about 3 years .
 I hooked this up to my brand new 100AH AGM battery , and noticed that it charges at / way / too high of a voltage.At 15A/10A in AGM mode nearing 100 % charge , the charger was showing 15V . As it hit float charge , it should have done the opposite ; 13.5 V. 15V is above the maximum charge current recommended for AGMs in general and specifically this battery 's specs -LRB- Exide Megacycle here on Amazon -RRB- . For every .5 V overcharged , there is massive long term battery life loss -LRB- 20-40 % for consistently overcharging it by 1V -RRB- . I noticed the battery was ever-so slightly venting gas -LRB- hissing sound -RRB- which confirms that it was charging beyond the specs of AGM.Beware ! It is not `` smart '' - it will work to charge from XX % to 90 % but beyond that , UNPLUG IT ! 15V will completely damage your AGM .
 I have a fleet of Chevy Express Vans and some sit idle at times and the battery drains . I bought this charger to charge the battery when this happens.The first one I got did not work . I would hook up the unit as instructed in the manual and would have to manually set it to 10 amp to get it to charge . It would look like it was working for 10 or 20 minutes but then the display would go out and all the lights would go off . Of course it did not charge the battery.I contacted Schumacher who informed me I was connecting it correctly and it must be a bad unit . They shipped me a replacement and I returned the original . Well the new one worked once the first time I used it . Since then it worked intermitently and less and less often.Now it does n't work at all . Save your money . Buy something else .
 Damn thing broke after 9k miles . POS ! I would not recommend buying this brand . I wonder if anybody else makes a speedo cable for an old Samurai .
 It does have some power , but not quite enough , maybe lower than 220 ft-lbs . A 18 '' or 24 '' breaker bar is better than this .
 I purchased these seat covers for my 1996 Ford Crown Victoria with 50/50 split front seats because regular seat covers are not wide enough and do not have an opening for the seat belt buckles which extends through the front seats.These covers fit very well once they are mounted , but this requires removing the seat from the vehicle.Even though the installation instructions claim removing the seat is not necessary , there is no way to pull the stretch cords out enough to get them through the vinyl flaps of the seat cover that need to extend through the seat crevice to the back of the seat . Likewise there is no way to hook the stretch cord underneath the seat to the S-hooks on the front of the underside.The seat cover material is okay , but definitely not heavy duty as I expected for the price . I would say it is the same as universal seat covers that typically cost around $ 30 per pair.Finally the opening slit for the seat belt buckle is not parallel to , but 90 degrees off to the seat belt buckle ... poor quality control , or poor design . The buckle will fit through it , but will disturb the surface of the seat cover.All in all , an okay product , but very pricey.P.S . Today I discovered after one week 's usage that the seat cover has ripped at the bottom of the backrest ; clearly the seat cover fit is TOO TIGHT even though they are supposed to be `` custom made '' for my Crown Victoria.This is now a BAD product and really overpriced !
 I bought this six years ago after I left the dome light in my car -LRB- since replaced with LED ! -RRB- . I plugged it in as directed , with a long-term charge and a 60A jump start , but it was unable to start my car -LRB- 2001 Audi S4 -RRB- . Six years later I used this again when the battery in my 2001 BMW Z3 was dead after a week of not driving it . The 2A overnight charge did n't do much , but the 10A charge did charge my battery enough to start the car once . The battery died again , so I tried an overnight 10A charge . It did n't work , and neither did the 60A jump start setting.The built-in voltage indicator seems to show increasing voltage , but it I guess in this case it has n't really corresponded to the charge level of the battery . To the charger 's defense , the battery 's built-in charge indicator was also indicating a full charge . I guess I 'll pack it away and try it again the next time I have problems with a 12V battery .
 well i used this charger with new diehard r.v.batteryit charges in deep cycle mode 30 amps/10 amps.well for whatever reason ... the battery or the charger ... my r.v. battery only will take 75 % charge after 6 charges in 1 year.could be the SEARS diehard R.V. battery.or the charger chargeing the battery @ too high amp rate ??? ron
 DO NOT BUY !!! Burned the plastic lens on my fog lights !!! Now it has cost me $ 100 for new fog lights .
 Ordered TWO -LRB- 2 -RRB- Wagner 4509 bulbs . Received one -LRB- 1 -RRB- Wagner and one -LRB- 1 -RRB- Phillips bulb.Phillips bulb came in a previously opened box and the date on the bulb was 10/31/01 !! Where has this bulb been for the past 11 years ? Has it been used ? Has it been dropped ? Under what conditions has it been stored ? For a lawn tractor maybe , but not taking a chance in an airplane .
 People said it is quiet , but it 's REALLY quiet . Its stock quiet . It sounds a little better than stock at higher RPMs but it does n't sound great . I do n't know if thats because I put it on my 08 VW passat which has 2.0 liter turbo 4 cylinder engine . Maybe it sounds better on a V6 or V8 . The guy who installed it told me we can mek it louder by removing the resonator .
 While it worked , it was great . Then , the batteries died , which is expected . But after replacing the batteries -LRB- 3 -RRB- the unit no longer works . The display lights , but it will not take a pressure .
 The gauge works very well for a couple years , then you replace the batteries , then it does n't work anymore . It just gives you a -0.0 reading followed by `` E. '' Batteries are exactly the right number and installed right , but it 's done . Ca n't recommend .
 I brought this thinking it would be easy to read , but in the daylight it is n't so easy . It works fine for a car or truck tire , but it 's TOO BIG for a motorcycle . I ca n't squeeze it in to take a reading of a motorcycle back tire . It was cheap so I threw in the trash and got a different one down at the local auto parts store .
 My gauge was great also in the beginning . Slowly after 10 or 20 uses it began to be more difficult to get a reading . Now it is nothing more than a paper weight .
 I bought this hoping to have a lower cost model for my son 's car . Unfortunately it is more cumbersome than the basic plastic bodied one it replaces , and also reads 2psi low on a 32psi tire . I DO suggest biting the bullet and getting the Amazon Basics Programmable Digital Tire Gauge for over twice the price . It 's a bit larger and DID match exactly with the tire shop 's reading.I will update this if Accutire offers me any way to recalibrate this .
 For someone who just wants a quick pressure readout , without having to mess around to make sure the gauge is inserted correctly , this tool is not that easy to use . It 's much easier to get an air pump nozzle over the tire nipple then to get this over the same nipple . At times I 've had the gauge show me 29 , then a few seconds later when I tried again , it showed 31 . I assume I was n't using it correctly . There must be easier gauges out there for people like me .
 Sorry , but this just does n't work . I tried it twice when I first got it , and it gave 2 ridiculous readings , about half what the actual values were.Since the instructions mentioned zeroing the gauge to ensure accuracy , I tried that . Since then the only reading it gives is 00.0 . I 've taken the batteries out and put them back in again , still the same thing . I hate to toss this kind of money so will probably try again before slamming it in the can , but I 've pretty much given up hope .
 Although many have given this gauge good reviews , it is in fact junk . Not only is it difficult to use , but mine failed after three months with very light use . The only way to get any satisfaction is to send the unit back to the manufacturer , which costs about as much as it 's worth .
 This digital tire pressure gauge measures pressure in 0.5 psi increments -LRB- e.g. 29.5 psi , 30.0 psi , 30.5 psi , but nothing in between -RRB- . It terms of accuracy , this gauge has always been within 1.0 psi of the actual tire pressure . However , if you use this gauge to take two measurements of the same tire right after each other -LRB- i.e. , no change in pressure due to temperature or other factors -RRB- , the readings can be up to 1.0 psi above or below the first reading.However , if you do n't have a tire pressure monitoring system in your car , this is a reasonable gauge for a reasonable price that is far better than the old fashioned metal analog variety .
 Takes a very accurate reading . i have no beef with that . HOWEVER , the part that goes on the tire valve and partially opens the shrader valve is entirely plastic . after nearly daily use , it only lasted a couple of months . The tip broke off inside and no longer opens the tire valve to get a reading . I will be need to buy a different one .
 The item looked promising until i put it to test my Elantra 's tire pressure . It had only one pressure to display ! I checked and there were no sticker or wrapper on the LCD ! Had to return it .
 Just be aware that you will need to replace the batteries in this air gauge . I 've had this gauge for 18 months and it worked fine the first two times I used it . The third time I tried to use it the batteries we dead . $ 15.00 to replace them . I threw the unit away and purchased an analog device . If you 're willing to be without it when you need it and willing to pay through the nose for batteries , this unit will be fine for you .
 The accuracy seems okay but the air leakage has become a real pain to me since I recently switched from solid tires to normal ones for my toy at home and am trying to figure out a best performance air pressure for the normal tires since the company provides info only for the RFTs . I purchased this guage to avoid the air leakage that goes undetected when checking tire pressure or just when riding . Sorry to say , I am very disappointed . My cheap analog guage is doing the same job except that fancy display .
 Have tried this one but does not work at all . I have made sure the batteries are good as I tested them on a laser pointer . I also heard the hiss sound when plugging it into the air nozzle of the tire . Nothing is displayed on LED .
 Its hard to get a good seal because its hard plastic and has no gasket . it works , but i lose a little bit of air compared with another one that my mother bought years ago which has a rubber gasket . i don tknow where she got it from though , maybe id go to wlmart to find one .
 Save your money for a better gauge - there 's a reason this flawed gauge is so cheap . The tire gauge works fine , but it eats batteries . I purchased the unit 6 months ago , have used it 4 or 5 times , and when I went to use it this morning , it briefly flashed 'LL ' on the display and then went dead - it needed new batteries . The unit requires 3 watch batteries , which would cost $ 5 + to replace , almost as much as the initial price of the unit . I 'm just going to toss this unit , rather than sweat replacing watch batteries every 6 months.The 5-star reviewers on this page clearly were a bit hasty in giving their reviews - especially the gentleman who was patting himself on the back for having figured out that he needed to remove the protective sticker from the display .
 Even though the handle is quite solid , the silver portion where the LCD display is housed , is made of two pieces of plastic and is not secured together properly , hence when I press the guage on to the valve this portion splits apart due to the pressure and I am unable to get a good seal.Useless now : -LRB-
 I purchased this guage for only one reason - to avoid the air leakage when checking tire pressure . Sorry to say , I am very disappointed by the top reviewer here mentioning there is no air leakage ! FYI - The air does leak ! My $ 2 analog guage is doing the same job except that fancy LED display.The air leakage has become a nuisance to me since I recently switched from Runflat tires -LRB- RFT -RRB- to normal ones for my BMW and am trying to figure out a best performance air pressure for the normal tires since the company provides info only for the RFTs .
 I found it almost impossible to get a reading because this gadget would not fit tightly on the valve stem . No other tire gauge I tried afterwards had this problem . I notice several other reviewers had the same experience
 I found the tire gauge readings to be accurate , and initially this meter was easy to use and quick to take a measurement.However , within 5 months , the plastic part of the gauge that you put onto your tire had deformed to the point that it would no longer take a reading from a tire . I do not work at a mechanical shop , and I have one car and I had taken a reading about once a week for 4-5 months.I would not recommend this product .
 I 've owned two versions of this gauge
 I got this one a year ago and used less than 10 times . It worked OK until now . It is showing `` 01.0 '' only , on my car tires , bike tires , whatever . Changing the 3 x 1.5 v button batteries did not help . So I opened it and found there is another battery inside , a 3v button one , which I am pretty sure ordinary users will never find out or imagine that it even exists -LRB- I also found two big pieces of fallen solders inside , kind of clinging to the 3v batter -RRB- . So I replaced that battery too . Still , it shows `` 01.0 '' only . And then the LED display fell off place while I was taking apart the gauge . So this is the end of it . I am going to have to find another one , for my bike which needs a range up to 110psi . I wo n't buy AccuTire again . BTW , the AccuTire `` sensor '' is actually a little touch switch pressed against a circuit board when air pressure is exerted upon and the touch switch can be easily contaminated due to poor seal .
 Gage works fine , but does not include a pin to let pressure out of the tire . How many of you hit the pressure you want exactly ? You pump and usually end up with a bit of overpressure that needs to be bleed off . But with this gage I need another device to bleed off the pressure . Unless I 'm missing somehting .
 The pressure reading is accurate enough for everyday use . It is more precise and easy to read than most analog gauges built-into air compressors . But one must take off the sticker written `` 28.5 '' before using it , but it seems like some people were unaware of this fact and gave this product and undeserving poor rating . If one just tries to get a good connection between the gauge and the tire 's air nozzle without air hissing , the reading is good enough.However , there are digital tire gauges in the market for cheaper price that functions the same . At this moment Amazon.com 's price is $ 9.99 plus applicable shipping , but Ebay has another product for 4.99 , shipping included.The part that I hated the most was the `` non-slip '' grip . Yes , it is rubber and maybe prevention from dropping , but if it becomes dirty it is really hard to clean . I ca n't pour water on it since the batteries are there , and wet towels get rubbed on it if I use them to clean this device due to the rubber 's friction . The rubber lets every dust stick on it and gets dirtier and dirtier over time . Most cars ' tires are dirty with the contaminants from the road surface . Your hands would be less than clean when working with them , and the uncleanable gauge will get dirty as well.Most people will find themselves using this product only for the duration of the batteries included in it from the purchase and not replace them . The bolt that was used to close the battery case is of cheesy material and so tightly inserted that it gets marred when trying to open it . It 's impossible to open a bolt with marred -LRB- bald -RRB- top . Besides , someone has stated on another review that the product requires three batteries that are fairly costly , making it better to buy a new , cheaper gauge .
 I bought this gauge from Target for around $ 11 . While it will give you a quick initial reading , trying to do a second reading never works.Normally I put air into a tire and then recheck the gauge to see if the tire is still under-inflated or maybe over-inflated . With this gauge , you only get one reading . If you try to do another reading after putting some air in , it just reads 0.00 , so you never know whether to continue filling air or to stop.This product is not recommended .
 The one Amazon shipped does not look like the picture , it 's the long thin one with tiny red LED . Got it reshipped and still the same tiny red LED one and not the one in the picture .
 this thing does not work at all ... what a waste of money . I would rather have a regular old fashioned gauge.twice in a row i got 5 PSI and then 53 PSI ... and then the garage 's gauge said it was 27 -LRB- which was accurate -RRB- .
 I bought one , and used it twice over the course of about a month . Seemed to work just fine , and was easy to use and accurage -LRB- the first time I checked it against another gauge -RRB- . The third time I went to use it , it was dead ... with no way to replace the battery .
 ca n't seem to get a good seal . I just got it so maybe I need to fix my technique .
 I 'm happy for all the people who have had a good experience with this tire gauge , however I did n't . It seemed at first glance to be great . It was easy to use and read and I thought that it was perfect . A few months later I brought it out to use it for only the second time and it had died . I guess those watch batteries do n't last even six months . Reading other reviews I note that one must either remove them after every use or replace them every few months or so . I do n't have a screwdriver that fits the tiny screw in the handle , so in order to use this product I would have to buy more batteries and a tiny screwdriver , which certainly increases my cost over the original purchase price . I do n't think so .
 This measured 6psi lower than my analog dial gauge , not sure which was off.My main reason for this low rating was that I used this item 2 times in less than 6 weeks , and it is already dead . I 'm not sure if the batteries are dead or the gauge is broken . I am sure though , that if it is the batteries , I 'm not about to buy a set every 6 weeks so I can use this one time a pop.Back to analog for me.Update
 We bought this brand of tire pressure guage because I 've used another one of theirs previously and was very pleased with it.We did not use this right away during the holidays , but last week when i used it for the first time , it worked once -LRB- for 1 tire -RRB- , then died!I 'm assuming it is a dead battery . I opened it to find 3 button cells , each of which probably costs $ 1.50 if I can easily find it!This is unacceptable for any product .
 I actually bought two of these
 I purchased this tire gauge becuase I wanted a digital display gauge that provides1 psi resolution . While the Accutire MS-4021B generally does the job , there are twoannoying features that should be changed :1 . Batteries can not be replaced by the user2 . On some valve stems , the Accutire MS-4021B does not make a seal to get an accurate readingRef . # 1
 Worked once when it was new . 6 months later it will only dimly show `` L '' on the backlit display . Brand new batteries
 Loved this product while it worked , but it has a very short lifespan ! . Everyone search for '' L '' -LRB- with a space before and after -RRB- in Amazon 's reviews of this product . There are scores of people who have had the same problem .
 My Accutire tire gauge eats batteries , lasting only about 5 months of weekly use . It takes 3 watch batteries , so this is a very expensive tire gauge when replacement parts are considered .
 Like other digital gauges , this one lasts a year and then its dead . Battery can not be replaced.Its better for your wallet and environment to go with a mechanical gauge .
 Gauge is easy to read . Only read it ever gave was -0.0 . I requested a replacement , hope it works . The return procedure is easy and prepaid shipping , so 1 star for Amazon , 0 star for the gauge .
 Puchased on sale at Sears . Very disappointed but did n't save receipt . In taking multiple readings , the values ranged from 28 to 36 psi on a single tire . No trend . Just jumps around . My old $ 4 Harbor Tool dial gauge and $ 7 Wal Mart gauge gave accuracy and precison reading + / - 0.5 psi when eying between lines .
 Has stopped working after 2.5 years . Used it maybe half a dozen times , stored in glove compartment . Should n't it have lasted longer ?
 I had the same problem with battery life . The cost is not so important as is the discovery of dead batteries at the time you need to use the gauge . I would not buy it again .
 The tire gauge was dead on arrival . It would n't even turn on -LRB- and yes , I did pull the tab out of the battery cover per the instructions -RRB- . I tried using it on both of my cars , and on all of my tires , and it never even turned on at all . I put it back in the box and back it goes .
 I 've bought two of these . Both broke after being dropped from tire height . -LRB- OK , I 'm clumsy . -RRB- Great otherwise , and cheap enough , but I 'll buy something else next .
 Gauge works but after a week THE BATTERIES DIED ? $ 5 for batteries at Walgreens.Plus the hassle .
 Used it once when it was first purchased . Did n't need to use it for 12 months . Tried and it did n't work . Replaced the batteries -LRB- $ 12 cost -RRB- , still does n't work.Rubbish .
 It also leaks a bit of air during use . Avoid .
 After I bought it , I put it in a drawer until I needed it . Just got it out a couple of months later and does n't work . Put in fresh batteries . Still dead . Crap .
 Worked fine for 3 weeks now it allways reeds -00 - . Maybe its just mine but i am disappointed in this product .
 It NEVER worked . Defective right out of package . The quality look average . I was disappointed it did not work , but Amazon gave me an immediate refund WITHOUT even having to return the tire gauge . So it 's in the trash now . Kind of sounds like someone knows this thing is finicky or even defective . But I am pleased that the refund was taken care of quickly and painlessly . Therefor I am a pleased customer . Crappy product , great service .
 Unit arrived dead on arrival . For what I paid for it it was n't worth the hassle of sending it back , or troubleshooting it to see if the batteries were dead .
 Amazon 's product features description says , and I quote directly , `` Accurate to within 0.05 PSI , reading air pressure from 5-150 PSI in 0.5 pound increments . '' That has a specific meaning , and that is a lie . The product 's own packaging says , `` Accuracy + / - 1 % '' which is something quite different . If , like me , you were fooled into thinking that this is a higher quality gauge that simply reports a reduced accuracy for the sake of making things simple for a normal consumer , well , now you know that it is not . It 's a cheap gauge like all the others ; may as well save $ 5 and get a cheapy.I 've been an Amazon customer since the beginning , and it is disheartening to see the increasing frequency with which it gets its product descriptions wrong .
 This device is disappointing . The 1st time I tried it , I could n't get a reading other than 0.00 . I was ready to give up on it , but I tried again a few days later . I was able to get a reading but it took multiple attempts per tire . I must have lost a few pounds of air pressure from each tire since it was so difficult to get a tight seal . I wanted to send it back to Amazon but according to the invoice they will only take it back within 30 days and I had waited too long to test out this device .
 This thing is not very helpful . It gave me a zero on one of my tires . It gives erratic readings on multiple tries on the same time .
 This gauge lasted two days , then locked up on `` 00.0 '' . Same thing happened to a much fancier version made by the same firm , but after 2 years of use.Called the manufacturer
 we bought this at canadian tire and within a year or so the tire gauge split lengthwise along the seam - making it useless - as the air just leaks out the side and does n't measure the pressure ... i give it one star for lack of durability -LRB- its not like we use it daily ... so maybe 10 uses ? -RRB-
 I bought this one and the other model MS-4652B to try both , but this one stopped showing the pressure after a few uses . The battery still works , but the pressure is always shown as 0 . It was great while it worked .
 The seal between the valve stem and guage is non existant.It is hard rather than rubber or something . Impossible toget a non leaking reading with out lots of air escapingwhile trying to take a measurement . The guage 's accuracyis of no use . Never make a good seal with the valve stem.Worst guage was the Accutire MS-4000B Tire Gauge . It wouldnot seal but was harder to work mechanically .
 The readings were all over the place , plus or minus by over 15 lbs . I know how to use this gauge and was very disappointed at the quality . I wound up with a Monkey brand from Checker that works fine . This digital gauge needs better quality control in manufacturing , it does not work as advertised or even come close to meeting the spec posted on the package .
 I bought this as a stocking stuffer for my husband , but it when he tried it out it did n't work . The gauge lit up and looked like it should work , but it did n't display the tire pressure . We tried several times but nothing .
 After changing batteries it was stillafter changing batteries it was stillAfter changing batteries it was still DOA.I threw it in the trash.Sorry but I had to be truthful.Phil W
 This gauge is accurate and easy to read , but it is very difficult to get a good seal . There is no rubber inside the stem and you have to get the right angle to get a good seal . In the meantime air is escaping and its a game to get the tire pressure right where you want it .
 I 'm religious about my tire pressure . I keep a pressure gauge in each of my vehicles , along with a manual tire pump . Moreover , I know what to look for with devices like this , and all my experience told me this one looked like a winner when I decided to purchase it.First thing I notices was difficulty in seating it on the valve stem . I lost 5 psi . before I got a complete measurement . I could have gotten used to that , but ... After about two days of using this product , it had a change of heart , deciding that all my tires , on all my cars , had 28.5 psi . No car of mine keeps pressure that low , so I let it shut down and tried it again a few times with the same 28.5 psi result.Now I have nailed it up on my `` wall of shame '' of all the cheaply-made and low-quality car accessories I have come across.My recommendation
 I had the same problem as Peter , the gauge would read 28.5 on all tires and even during `` calibration '' . No display movement , a constant 28.5 . This must be a comman defect .
 I bought this one a few years ago . It looked great and worked great , too , for over 1 year . I actually used it for about 10 times . Then , the battery was dead . You MUST disassemble it to pieces in order to get out the battery . I just throw it away .
 I didnt have this 2 months and it came apart , ended up buying a different one by SlimeI wouldnt waste my money on another one
 Received tire gauge and upon first use it did not give a reading and the screen was blank but the light on it was glowing . Tried multiple tires and multiple times go get a reading and nothing . Returned it and am looking for a different model .
 Did not work at all . Only registers 18.88 and LL . No way to fix . Unfortunately did not try until 60 days after purchase so it goes in the trash .
 I purchased this item because it rated well in a leading consumer magazine . Well , it worked once -LRB- 4 tires -RRB- and then quit . It just died and I could not get it to turn back on . I replaced the batteries and it came back on and worked for two tires and then died again . I replaced the batteries again but it would not come on at all . What a waste of money since it is not worth the time and shipping money to send this back .
 Do n't leave the pressure guage in the car ! It will be toasted . I lost two the same day because the temperature in the car got too hot . The 100 deg F temperature limit is simply too low for practical use .
 This product works OK , but it has one fatal design flaw
 I have one of the originals without the backlit display , probably 10 years now , and it still works great . I guess there is some non-replaceable battery inside . Then I bought two of these new ones for my kids . The replaceable batteries do n't last but 2 years or so -LRB- I guess that 's what the `` L '' in the display means , I no longer have whatever instructions came with them . -RRB- But , when I buy $ 6 of fresh 357 batteries -LRB- says they are compatible with LR44 -RRB- , the display still shows `` L '' ... done that on both gauges I bought . What a waste , I guess something else is wrong . Gim me the old non-backlit ones that do n't wear out the batteries.The thing works great for a couple years , then nothing . Not good .
 I purchased this gauge around two years ago for my girl friend . It has only been used a couple of times . When I tried to use it a couple of days ago , it was dead . New batteries would n't bring it back to life . Plus the rubberized handle has become sticky sitting in her glove box in the Texas heat over the past two years . Do n't buy .
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- There 's no way to verify it is functioning in the basic level . No beep , LCD display on or any indication when I insert the batteries . There 's no additional button or anything can verify its LCD can even be on -LRB- i.e. uC booted up OK internally -RRB- . The only way to check if it 's working is to use it to check a tire . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Getting a reading takes too long . You will not always see the reading screen during the tire pressure checking , because it depends on the Valve Stem location where the wheel happens to be at when car is parked . Due to problems described below -LRB- 3 -RRB- & -LRB- 4 -RRB- , you can not be certain if the reading is obtained , when you ca n't see the screen . Too soon to pull out the gauge , the LCD is in off state , and you do n't know whether the reading is not stable enough to display or the device itself is broken . Waiting too long , you see the issue -LRB- 4 -RRB- below . -LRB- 3 -RRB- There is not beep or anything to indicate that the reading is generated/completed . You need it when you ca n't see the LCD screen . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Once reading is generated , the display time is too short before it is automatically shut down . It probably only lasts 2-3 seconds , to `` save battery '' .
 Seems like every time I go to use this gauge I have to install new batteries . Gauge is accurate and very easy to use , but , next to worthless as the batteries drain down quickly when stored between uses .
 Bought it 3 years ago . It has been used in our 2 car family -LRB- i.e. residential use only -RRB- . Dead last week for no reason .
 I tried this gauge on my vehicle . It was not accurate by any stretch and not consistant . It also let a lot of air out of the tires . I can not recommend this at all and will be sending this back right away a different one .
 When I received it , I used it rightaway but it did not work . It did not show any numbers . Because it only cost me a few dollars , I wo n't return it to Amazon .
 What is the problem with these gauges ? Naturally I peeled off the label first , and , on eight tires on two cars , it would only read 28.5 PSI . Then I did a Zero Reset several times ; now it reads anywhere from 25 PSI to 29 PSI on tires I know to contain 34 PSI.I make sure it is seated properly , and there are no air leaks.Maybe that 's why it is being sold for $ 6.49 !
 I bought this gage 3 years ago . I was very happy with it , however after 3 years it quit working , kept saying `` L '' -LRB- I believe is what it said . It has a life time warranty , which is really worthless , because you have to pay to ship it back , and what it costs to ship it , is not worth it for what I paid for the gage . I expect a gage that is carefully taken care of to last for many years , and this gage did not do it . I will not buy another Accutire gage . The instructions said to return it to where I bought it from , AND SEE if they will exchange it . They wanted the receit . I did not keep the receit handy where I could easily find it . Buy a better quality gage .
 I would not recommend this product because it is not accurate . a digital machine like this should keep its measurements at all time but this one for some reason keep changing its measurements depending on the weather . When is very cold , it gives you the wrong preasure . I would stick to the simple non ditital tire gaufes .
 Almost forgot I had ordered this , then just gave up . Thanks for nothing . Paid so little for it , just was n't worth the effort . Guess I know why it was so cheap .
 The gauge seems idiot proof -LRB- hmm ... I 'm not trying to set myself up here -RRB- as it simply as a connector to attach to the tire and a LCD window to read the pressure . Mine would move away from zero when I would attach it to my car tire , but would not fix on a particular reading and would quickly return to zero . Unfortunately , when I tested it out and it failed to work , the return period had already expired . -LRB- Live and learn ! -RRB- Apart from this rather glaring flaw , it seemed pretty cheaply made even at the relatively cheap price-point .
 Difficult to get a seal with the fitting , too loose . Hard to read . Read 2 lbs lower than premium mechanical gauge . Very dubious . Weird calibration method in instructions , hard to carry out . forget it.specification emphasizes temperature sensitivity and operating range no higher than 100f . If kept in glove compartment in summer , may get too hot to operate.It 's normal for electronics to have limited high temperature operation . The old mechanical meters have their advantages .
 I selected this product after reading the reviews here on Amazon . I ordered two . One for each car . One of the two units did n't work at all . The other one was n't accurate when compared to two other tire gauges . Very disappointing . Obviously there is not quality control in the manufacturing process for these tire gauges . What 's the likelihood of two units being bad ? I do n't recommend this product at all .
 This tire pressure guage is not accurate at all and it leaks air everywhere . I kept getting a different reading every time . No matter how hard I pushed and how I positioned the guage it was impossible to stop leaks from the valve . I took a flashlight and looked inside the tip of the tire pressure guage . There is no washer/gasket at all where it 's supposed to make contact with the tire valve ! No wonder it leaks air . I ended up going to the local auto suply store and picked up one of those old fashioned tire guages . It works like a charm . Save yourself money and do n't get this piece of garbage .
 Perhaps mine was just bad , judging by some of the better reviews . However , I returned mine to Amazon immediately . No point in messing around with it . Really lousy instrument . Does not create a seal on the air valve and instead allows air to be released and the nozzle on the instrument separates and has to be clipped back together again . Useless .
 Open it and try to use it . Shows LL which means I need to sent back to factory . I will toss in trash and hope no one else waste there money on this digital tire gauge .
 I really thought this would be a great addition to my garage . Not only was I disappointed when it did n't work because the included batteries where corroded and had to be recycled . But the feel and Quality built of the unit is of a $ 1.00 product.This just became a toy for my two-year-old son ...
 bought these mats because the ad said they had the grommet hole to stay in place . Hole non existant . flimsy rubber and thin carpeting . I went with OEM for the same price on another website , trust me save your money and go OEM or another high quality manufacter .
 These Coverking floormats came quickly . But they do NOT have the precut holes as shown on the picture . There is no way to hold them in place , so they slip around a lot . Bad deal .
 These bulbs , in addition to not being bright enough , may not fit through the plastic backing of your rear light assembly . I could not get them to fit on my 2008 Honda Ridgeline . Not Recommended . It might work if your vehicle rear lenses remove , and not the whole plastic assembly . All in all though , not a good value for the price . A package of two regular incandescent 7443 's will run you $ 6 at the auto store . This is a 5x markup for two .
 I was assured that this would fit my '06 Subaru Forester . The opening is too small.BEWARE of info given as to fit may not work !
 I do n't actually know how well the bulb works . The problem is that the outside dimension of this bulb is large . It was too large to fit in the space of the OEM tail light . So be extra careful and take some measurements of where the replacement bulb is going .
 It was a complete sham ! They only sent us one bar of the ladder rack . Called the company to make it right and send out another bar to make a complete ladder rack and they would not work with us at all !
 I bought this kit thinking the digital tire gauge would be great . I guess it would be great IF I could actually read it when it was on the tire . I can never seem to position it so I can see the readout . The pliers and flashlight are useful , but I already had those . The bottom line is that I am disappointed with this purchase .
 I thought this would be a good tool kit but I 'm so not impressed by the cheapness of the product . The tire pressure gauge is PLASTIC . And I found it a bit hard to get a reading . I 'm so glad I kept my old fashioned metal gauge because it works accurately every time .
 bought these mats because the ad said they had the grommet hole to stay in place . Hole non existant . flimsy rubber and thin carpeting . I went with OEM for the same price on another website , trust me save your money and go OEM or another high quality manufacter .
 this item never worked , and trying to contact the supplier is hopeless because they do n't exist , an amazon is of no help either.Sorry i ever bought it
 The Beck Arnley 090-5020 Speed Sensor DID NOT FIT my 1999 Toyota Camry , 4-Cyl , Automatic Transmission . The sensor body was about 1 inch smaller -LRB- in length -RRB- that the OEM unit in the car . The shaft diameter and the center slot appeared to be the correct dimensions . You may want to check other sites to confirm that the Beck Arnley is the correct part number for your car .
 The very first time I used it , all I wanted to do was add air to one tire to bring it from 29 psi up to 34 psi . After 5 minutes , the motor stopped completely . I let it cool down , but it would not work again after that . Sent it back to company under their warranty . Postage was at my expense , plus I had to send them a check for $ 4.25 to cover the return postage ! They sent me a new compressor . About a month later I tried to use it and it would not work at all -- not even for a second . I 'm throwing it away , because the postage and aggravation exceeds the value of this item .
 Had this item about a year but used it only 2 or 3 times . It quit working and I couldn , t even put air in a basketball . I would n't suggest buying this item to anyone . The cause might be in the transformer that will overheat in minutes . To me it amounted to a piece of garbage .
 Do not buy this.I ca n't imagine this ever working . The compressor is so small , it must take an excruciatingly long time to get any pressure built up . Not that I would know - the plastic stopper on mine did n't actually cover the nozzle , so even in the `` Charge '' position , air would leak out . This made it impossible to actually get any air presssure built up , IE . make the product usable .
 I agree with the majority . This device is almost worthless . I really expected more from a name like Motor Trend . I 've had mine for about 2 yrs . Fortunately , I was able to use it once to jumpstart my car -LRB- actaully my 1st use -RRB- . At that moment , I was so pleased with my purchase . I had no idea it was a one time use device . It has not recharged fully since that day . I thought about returning it but I feared the cost of shipping . I now use it to charge my cell phone and a small portable tv when the lights go out .
 I bought this product two years ago to check the pressure in my motorhome tires . It appeared to be a rugged , quality product which I thought would work well . Unfortunately , I was mistaken , and wish I would have never purchased it . Due to its construction , it is very hard to use on dual rear wheel tires to obtain an accurate reading . The bleed valve which I thought was a clever idea , never worked properly , and if you overfill a tire and have to release pressure , I still had to do it the old way . The gauge started leaking air where the weaved metal hose attaches to the handle , and is now useless . I would not recommend this product due to its poor design and quality .
 Mediocre tire gauge that quit working after 1 year . Replaced the batteries to no effect . Will attempt to return it to this company , but from other posts , it looks like nothing will happen as they seem unresponsive .
 Gauge failed after one month of use , suppect Lithum battery . Tried contacting Accutire warranty by their internet site but that was useless.Returned gauge per printed instructions -LRB- using certified mail so I know they got it -RRB- over one month ago and still no response to either calls or e-mail .
 defective -
 I purchased this gauge to check the pressure on our motorhome tires . This gauge does not freeze the PSI reading so you must hold the gauge in one hand while pressing the other end to the valve stem which is difficult due to the fact that the gauge has to be turned upside down to read the digital PSI and this reduces the effective length of the tube by half . The gauge is no good to me if I ca n't easily and accurately check my tire pressure . I have returned this product .
 Purchase this unit one year ago . . Looks nice , but hard to use on a RV motorhome ... After one year of use the stainless steel connecting tube has developed a Leak making it unusable ... Just try and find the company that made this guage to get a repair or even a refund ... Accutire does not exist ?
 bought these mats because the ad said they had the grommet hole to stay in place . Hole non existant . flimsy rubber and thin carpeting . I went with OEM for the same price on another website , trust me save your money and go OEM or another high quality manufacter .
 this item did not fit my 98 honda civic hatchback perfectly and i wasted awhole day working on my car for nothing !
 I owned this item , and it died within about a year with only minor use -- maybe once every two months . The battery ca n't be replaced . What a waste of money .
 I bought this product elsewhere , but I must say it 's probably the worst car product I 've ever purchased.I used it ONCE . The next time I tried , it was broken or the battery was too low -- and that 's within 6 weeks ! Buy this product and you 've thrown your money away . Period .
 I purchased two of these gauges several years ago since the price was attractive . Although they were used very little , both have gone bad . Both gauges now read `` L '' whenever applied to a properly inflated tire . I even , painstakingly , disassembled one of them and replaced the battery ; but , that did not help.Judging by the other reviews , my experience was not unusual.By contrast I 've owned a Brookstone tire pressure gauge for about 15 years which still works perfectly with the original battery .
 At a glance you think the tire depth is also digital but it actually is n't . Part my fault for not reading everything therefore why , I rated as a 2 star ... otherwise it would be 1 star
 I bought one of these about 9 months ago and it worked just fine when I tested it . About 6 months later , when my tire pressure warning light came on in my car , the gauge was dead . I pulled the battery and measured it over the course of the next 2 months . It went from 2.9 v at 6 months to 0.6 v at 8 months . The product info says there 's a lifetime battery but realistically , what does that mean ? If I send this back , I 'll just get another unit that may die within a few months . If I go out and buy a new battery to replace myself , it 'll cost me about as much as getting an old fashioned mechanical gauge that 's guaranteed to work . So in the end , I tossed the gauge and bought a mechanical unit . This thing is cheaply made and it showed.Looking back , I should have known better . Seldom used battery powered devices in a car just do n't make sense . LCD displays do n't last and often fail in wide temperature ranges in a car -LRB- how many have seen LCD clocks or car stereos with bad displays ? -RRB- . But most importantly , this is not a device you use often so you do n't see the failure coming ... until you need to use it at which point it 's too late to have taken preventative action by replacing the battery . It 's also the kind of tool that you want to be working when you suddenly need it . I can see how a digital unit would be useful for the professional who handles cars very often . But this little pencil unit makes no sense to the average consumer . Go mechanical - they 're cheap and work very well .
 Sorry I wasted my money and time on this thing . No problems with the battery , which seems to work fine -- I ca n't get a working reading from it ! Followed the directions , which read `` Only a smell amount of air must enter the gauge to zero the unit '' to calibrate it . Bad sign # 1 - did anyone proofread the back of the package ? So I calibrated it and took a tire reading , which told me that my -LRB- fully inflated -RRB- tires either had 28psi of air in them , or 0psi -LRB- usually 0 -RRB- . Neither one was even close to correct . Back it goes ...
 The battery is soldered so you ca n't even change it . It lasted less than a year in my case . Dont waste your money on this garbage !
 I read where this item has a lifetime lithium battery warranty . So there should be no problem !!!!! Just return it . Right ??
 This gauge seems accurate , it gave similar readings to the other gauges I own . The downside is that it does n't seal to the valve stem well , so that one is tempted to apply maximo pressure . However , sooner rather than later , the head of the unit will break from the body -LRB- only make of plastic -RRB- . More frustrating , that area can crack before it fully breaks , so that one is getting artificially low readouts -LRB- so one applies more pressure , and `` crack '' ! -RRB- . Also , for motorcyclists , I prefer to place the wheel so that the valve stem is around 9 or 10 o'clock , so I do n't have to stoop so far , and I can use my other hand to place the head firmly on the valve stem . But then , one ca n't read the LCD . For on the road use , a metal pencil gauge is less fussy .
 I purchased this tire gauge last year opened it today and it does n't work , how do I get it replaced ?????????????
 Thought these were pretty dim . Many other lights are better than these . Look elsewhere if you need them bright . Would work for some applications .
 The Bulbs looked good , but one of them stopped working withing a week . The other bulb stopped working a couple of days after that !
 Not as bright as i thought i dont think they are worth what i paid .
 This product i do not recommend for the backlight of gauges in a car or on a motorcycle ... they fit and work just fine its just they dont provide really any light whatsoever for the intended purpose of mine . . once again DO NOT GET THEM TO USE IN YOUR MOTORCYCLE !!!!
 I had a BMW , and if anyone has had one you know that a constant problem is the appearance of the check engine light or service engine soon . Hopefully generic in all instances . I bought this small computer to find solutions to the annoying little light only to learn , the computer is worthless . It will give you generic little codes that correspond to the booklet , true , but will not turn off the tell-tell light on the dash . A constant problem is the fuel cap on the BMW when it gets loose from driving the light will turn on . This recently cost me a thousand dollars in trade in at the dealership cause the little light came on while trading the car in . Again for the fuel cap not being tightened properly . The dealership charges 125 dollars every time to reset the check engine light . I guess in the long run it is cheaper than this little machine that only turns it off for three turns of the ignition . The service desk just laughed at me when I showed them my little toy . Since they had a $ 30,000 dollar machine in the back that could actually reset the light and diagnose any technical glitches . It is a nifty little gadget to impress your friends with your knowledge of Automotive codes . But , not worth anything more than those little gizmos at Brookstone .
 THE PRODUCT WORKS FINE , HOWEVER , I NEEDED A TOOL THAT WOULD READ MORE THAN JUST EMMISSION ISSUES , -LRB- ELECTRICAL IRREGULARITIES , AIR CONDITIONING AND MODULE ERRORS , ETC.SO THIS ORDER WAS NOT EXACTLY WHAT I WAS EXPECTING , NOR DID THE ADVERTISMENT INDICATE THE PRODUCTS SHORT COMINGS.BUYER BEWARE.THANKS .
 El producto presenta buen estado y en principio funciona correctamente , salvo que los automoviles probados Opel Zafira , Hyundai Trajet se conecta al protocolo de la ECU pero no muestra los diferentes monitores activos . Solo tienen servicio tecnico para EEUU y Canada . El resto nos quedamos sin cobertura Web .
 After getting this reader , I got to use it 4 times before it goes Blank , DO NOT BUY ONE THEY DO NOT WORK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am very pissed off bout this item and when you buy it your stuck with this dam thing Maybe your kids can play with a 100.00 toy cause thats all it is ... . yeah I bought this brand new so I was told
 Main sticking point
 Purchased this and could not get it to connect to my 2000 Volkswagen Passat . I figured the '' # 1 selling '' OBDII scanner that represents it works with `` all cars '' would have no trouble . The help at their website says Volkswagens with after-market stereos have connections issues . I have the factory Moonsoon sound . I am returning it and looking elsewhere .
 It should have come with a booklet of code answers . It makes you sign up for their internet website and misleads you in thinking that it will give you answers from the computer for 1 month . You still have to manually input the VIN number and Code to get an answer . On top of this , they try to make you pay for a premium service for additional information . Do you want to pay $ 100.00 dollars for this and continue to pay for additional service agreement ?
 Well the tool was and is okay but I had issues with trying to get it installed on my computer . It seems it was an issue with Fire Fox being my ISP . Then once I get it running , I find out I have to pay $ 14.00 to see the cost and break down of the repairs I could do as well as what to expect to be charged from a mechanic if I brought it to them ? Had I know that , I would have tried carMD first . I thought I was paying for the software to give me the breakdown once on line but now find this hidden charge .
 The device is totally worthless . Unless your trying to get out of carbon emissions it is total junk.You actually get advertising as your trying to do an analysis of your car . It ask you on severalscreens do you want to buy this for $ 15 . Do you want to buy this for $ 10 . Yet I was like I paid $ 80 for what ? I get no diagnostics other then it can read my ID of my car so what theirs a damnplate next to my windshield I do n't need this . So I used the software went to website it was like a form that you can submit that does nothing other then if you plug in the USB cable to device upload it . You do n't get anything other then more advertising . This whole device is worthless . I test my mother 's SUV . I tried testing my BLAZER . I tried my sisters DODGE . No information . I was like at least tell me what 's OK . No , it suppose to give me back information well to get that you says you need to pay $ 15 to view this in the Digital Display .
 When I purchased this diagnostic tool , I thought it came with some kind of support ... it says that there were certified ASE mechanics on the other end to help with any problems or `` codes '' that this diagnostic tool would give once it was plugged in to your auto . Have I found out after multiple e-mails to the manufacturer about a code , there was NO response . This really made me say that this tool was only a gimmick that erases codes that may produce a `` service engine soon '' light . I would NOT recommend this product ! There must be a better diagnostic tool somewhere .
 I have read all the reviews before purchasing this item and found nothing but good reviews , however , my review is less than stellar . Out of the box the unit looks nice . I read the manual and went through the procedures . First off the unit wo n't go into the menu mode no matter what I do . The procedure seem simple enough . Just wo n't go ! Secondly the video on the attached CD plays with sound , but no video . Bummer !!! Thirdly there is no mention what so ever in the manual about the USB connector and what your supposed to do for updates . What a joke !!! I have n't hooked it up to a vehicle yet ... . I do n't want to be more disappointed than I already am . My $ 39 cheapie OBDII is easier to work than this is !
 Lamentablemente no recibi el software y no puedo acceder a la aplicaci&oacute;n del prodcuto en mi pc y tampoco lo puedo actualizar . agradeceria si me pueden colaborar con esto .
 This is a very basic OBD code `` reader '' , not a ScanTool . It can read an OBD code number IF an error has been stored by your vehicle and it allows you to view it and reset it . That 's about it . It ca n't read any of the very useful features and data that are available through the OBD protocol such as engine temp , rpm , percent engine load , throttle position , oxygen sensor voltage , lean , rich trim data , MAF sensor and EGR valve position , total mis-fire counts per cylinder , etc. . Most vehicles have over 80 sensors and variables that can be displayed and slightly higher end OBD ScanTools -LRB- some starting at $ 120 -RRB- can read many of those variables which can be very useful in fixing your car.I was surprised the model 3100 retails for almost $ 90 after looking at the feature set and trying it out . It ca n't check battery voltage , mpg , speed , vacuum , RPM , or anything else even though the data is there if they design the unit to use it . Since this one is a Reader only there is no real-time display of the engine parameters other than if the O2 sensor control is in open or closed loop mode.A basic code reader is useful in translating a check engine light into data that means something such as `` O2 sensor bank 2 is low '' . Meanwhile an OBD Scanner can read the code as well as the O2 sensor voltage as the sensor warms up , -LRB- for example -RRB- and it show you if it 's working or not . You can see the value change if you unplug the sensor so you know you 're replacing the right one.OBD Scanners display trouble codes and real-time data if needed while a `` code reader '' just displays the code , IF the car set a code . Sometimes things are not running right but no code is set , in that case you need the scanner to see what is going on.Most of the functionality of a Code Reader is provided by the vehicle itself . The vehicle monitors the sensors , checks the data vs known acceptable ranges , triggers the check Engine light if needed , and stores a small snapshot of data at the time the code is set.Since a `` code reader ' is not a Scan Tool with input capability it ca n't actually read any engine parameters on it 's own even if there are 50 or more sensors available . There is nothing the Reader can do unless a code has been set so if your check engine light is not on then the code reader simply says `` There are no codes stored '' . Overall there are better products available for less money such as an entry level OBD Scanner . Some at a similar price point can be left plugged in like a set of extra gauges that can display MPG , ignition timing , percent load and other parameters that you select.The older reviews giving this unit high marks probably are n't familiar with some of the better designed ScanTools on the market and do n't have a background troubleshooting vehicle electronics and control systems.If you already own this tool hopefully it served it 's purpose and has been useful to you by pointing you in the right direction based on the trouble code.The main point is for folks shopping for an OBD Scan Tool to do a little research first and look for one that can View live engine data parameters . That is so much more useful in the long run . Even entry level Scanners such as Actron CP9180 AutoScanner for about $ 125 can read quite a few parameters.Some ScanTools can display and store engine parameters for review later or printing out using your computer so you can talk it over with your mechanic . Other units will interface to all the vehicle computers including the transmission , braking , body control module , ABS and many others.Some units have a computer USB interface and can display high resolution data charts of whatever variables you want to plot such as engine load vs MPG or engine timing . Saving a chart of the basic engine data while it 's running fine is useful later as a baseline to compare to later if there is a problem .
 I watched the video that clearly shows the device hooking to the computer and launching an advanced diagnostic report but said NOTHING about it costing $ 15 . The video says `` Simply plug your Innova Tool into the PC with the provided USB cable and the repair solutions software automatically launches to give you a full diagnostic report , probable causes , repair procedures , most likely fix and more which makes Innova the most comprehensive diagnostic solutions company out there today . `` Feeling wronged because the video shows the report providing solutions and saying nothing about an additional cost , I called the company . I spoke to customer service and finally spoke to John who is in charge of marketing . John told me that the video is not misleading and was unwilling to see my point or offer any solution.I guess I will have to share my negative experience with everyone I meet .
 I 've never owned a scan tool and bought this one because of this statement in the advertising
 This device works ok it started and read as advertised however being a Macintosh user they do n't have any interface and I had to borrow a windows laptop .
 It does give you code but the website does not give you any `` free '' explanations . The promoted solution would not accept my credit card so I have no other comment . I would not buy again .
 Does n't work with my 2001 Nissan Altima - it is unable to recognize the computer . Other ODB2 readers work fine on the same vehicle . Buy a different product which is n't so finicky .
 Purchased my 3100 14 months ago . I was very impressed with its features . Really needed to use it today and guess what ... dead as a hammer ! Put in new batteries and did everything that I could to get the unit to power up -LRB- both on and off the vehicle -RRB- but no luck . The worst part of this scenario ... a 12 month warranty ! As they say , the rest is history !
 Does not link with all japanese import vehicles . Difficulty in finding updates online to link with .
 I have read lots of reviews about this item and advertisments that show this Innova 3100 works powerful with all cars that built after 1996 , that 's wrong . I have used it in many cars like Toyota , Mitsubishi , KIA and Mini . It worked with all those cars instead of Mini-2006 which is my car . I said let me try it with my friend car which is also Mini Cooper S , it has the same problem , it did n't work . I gave this product 1 star because the advertisments says it works with all cars but this is wrong . Be Careful Minis.Normally this item works very easy with other cars just plug and turn on the car than see the result ...
 BEWARE !!!!!!!! Out of the box the code reader will give you the basic code . The only way to access any data beyond a basic code is to subscribe for $ 59.99 a year or $ 19.99 a month . Total ripoff . Buy another brand , Innova is awful .
 Having used other units , I found the function keys on this awkward to use . Additionally , I found that I have to go on-line and pay for code meaning and pay for each time or subscribe to a service each year . That made the purchase and use totally bogus for me . It is okay for Ford products but not at all good for anything else unless I pay and pay and be dependent on Innova . I purchased this unit to be indepandent of service providers . I 'm very disappointed and would not recommend this product to any mechanic , whether professional or amateur .
 Very Disappointed . The fabric of this cover resembles covers sold for the price . When I picked up the box , I thought it was empty even though the shipping weight said 5 lbs . The weight of the fabric is similar to that which is found in the sleeves of a CD wallet . It does not fit the car at all . The front goes over the front bumper , but the back does not even come close . When placed over the side mirrors , the sides are 18 inches from the bottom of the doors . The elastic is weak as well . The first time I placed it on the car the winds were calm at 2-4 mph . I went inside for about an hour and returned to find it on the drive-way partly stuffed under the car . When I go to my local auto parts store and look at $ 80 - $ 100 covers I see some fairly nice stuff , but not in this case . Be warned of the sellers 20 % restocking fee as well as their `` Clean & Like New Condition '' return policy . A couple phone calls to the seller made it clear to me that they were not at all concerned with making me a happy customer . I will never buy from this seller again under any circumstance . I strongly discourage anyone from buying from them . I should have paid attention to Amazon 's `` seller rating '' as it was pretty low to begin with . I think I will just let my dogs have it so someone can get some use out of it .
 take care when buying handlebars , they should be stainless steel not regular plated steel , the Steel gets rust with in a month or 2 due to exposure to water and sun bu the stainless steel never rusts and will always look good , invest some more money and buy something reliable , enjoy
 Should of listen to the others before me . I ordered this hoping that I would have better luck . Looked up the seller online and they had good reviews , however one day after ordering it was canceled . No point in ordering a second time .
 Ordered handlebars , got an eMail confirmation , 2 days later order was no longer in system . Should have had the handlebars by now , but will have to order again -LRB- Not Here -RRB-
 If you ride a standard -LRB- I 'm on an SV650 -RRB- , and want that race bike feel , go for the drag bars , not these . They are the same price and offer a better riding position that is more like a race bike . If you insist on the clubmans , you 'll also need to get handlebar risers that give you a 1 '' -2 '' rise and a 1 '' -2 '' back-offset . Otherwise these bars place your weight way too far forward and you 're going to be off balance for high speed turns -LRB- you 'll end up putting all of your wight on the front tire , which only adds to its wear and makes the back end drift too much at high speed -RRB- . Also of note ... if you ride your bike more than 30 mins a day with these , you better be about 20 years old or they 'll tear up your back something fierce . Go for the drag bars or buy the superbike bars and install them upside down . I have tried most of the variants of bikemaster bars , and these -LRB- clubmans -RRB- are by far the worst for my application -LRB- `` spirited '' weekend rides and track days -RRB- .
 I ordered the wrong thing because I thought it said chrome door handle full thing not just the handle itself . . Gf bye $ 20 and does n't even fit on my 2000chevy 1500 . . Stuff happens so well I learned the hard way .
 I purchased one several months ago in case I ever needed it to siphon a gas tank . Today I needed it to transfer gas from my tank into a fuel can for a stranded motorist . I could n't even get the hose down to the gas . The hose was so pliable and weak it never made it down to gas to get pumped.As with all things intended for emergency preparedness , try them before using them in an actual emergency.They had a gas can , so I ended up driving to a local gas station to get them gas . Funny part about all of it ? There was a gas station 2000 feet away from their parking spot . It was blocked by an Applebees . Had I not been so single-mindedly focused on getting the gas out of my tank using this POS siphon , I would have used my GPS to figure it out.Chalk one up for poor situational-awareness . And chalk another one up to `` You get what you pay for . ''
 It went from the box to the trash . Not even worth the cost of mailing back for refund . Shame on Amazon for selling such garbage .
 I ordered one of these for each of my 2 cars . The one for the Town Car is great , but they sent me the wrong one for the second car . I contacted them and am STILL waiting to hear from the company about getting the correct one .
 this part is a very low quality piece . after installing this part in my car , the engine ran worse than it originally did . when it comes to parts for your VW/Audi , buy factory parts . do not settle for cheaper brands as they do not work well .
 the head lights i order was supost to come with xenon bulbs hi-low beam ! i called to complain , and this is what i got , unreal !
 From the description , it said the low beam bulb and fits my Acura MDX 2005 . However , it turns out this type of bulb only fits for high beam light on Acura MDX 2005 . I am really disappointed by this misleading information .
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 I was trying to save a few bucks and it backfired as it often does . These mats are very flimsy , do n't stay put , and tend to bunch up around my feet which can cause issues and hazards when trying to focus on the pedals . I hear the clear version is a little stiffer and might not move aorund as much , but the black and gray ones have the same issues .
 I was trying to save a few bucks and it backfired as it often does . These mats are very flimsy , do n't stay put , and tend to bunch up around my feet which can cause issues and hazards when trying to focus on the pedals . I hear the clear version is a little stiffer and might not move aorund as much , but the black and gray ones have the same issues .
 I bought these 2 years ago . They look very nice , but after a year the color began to fade . They are pink now after two years of use . We even park in a garage , and I drive fairly little , so it does n't seem to take much exposure for the color to fade .
 Amazon 's ` Find parts that fit ' feature said this would fit my 1971 Standard Beetle . However , upon receipt and eventual attempt to install , the upper bell housing of the shocks are too big and hit the vehicle 's a-arm making them not usable on my carMonroe MA803 Max-Air Air Shock Absorber
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I do n't know if this works or not because we were n't able to install it , therefore I 'm giving 2 stars as I feel it 's not fair to rate it any lower since it might work , just did n't fit on my vehicle . I drive a VW Passat and the battery is located near the dashboard and has a protective cover over it . My husband tried several different ways of mounting it -LRB- on top , sidways , upside-down -RRB- and none of them would work . It 's designed to mount on top and it did mount properly in that direction , however , due to the location of my battery , we could not close the hood -LRB- even with the protective cover removed -RRB- . Bummer ! I was really hoping it would work . I do n't drive my car much so as a result the battery tends to drain . We 'll keep looking for another option , until then I 'm back to trying to remember to start it up and let it run for 20 minutes or so if I have n't driven it in a few days . Oh well . Other reviewers said it worked so I 'm sure if you can get it installed , it would be a good purchase , just keep in mind that it might not fit certain vehicles . I 'm returning it .
 I purchased this product for my four daughters , myself , and my sister in law . I was so excited about it because I thought it would offer additional protection to my daughters and , since I live in both Florida and Michigan and have cars in both places , would eliminate the need to unhook the battery when I was gone.WRONG ! Everyone had troubles with it . The brain would disconnect the battery when there was no reason to . My daughters bought new batteries ! Still they had problems.Sorry , but do not buy this . If you travel , unhook the battery.Very disatisfied customer .
 Do n't Buy this , Looks nothing like the picture . Seriously !! the box came with two pieces of aluminum . Nothing for around the ford logo and nothing for the side vents , plus you would still see the plastic underneath if there was enough aluminum to cover the whole grille . Complete rip off ! Find an auto shop in your area that does custom work . Have them install a grille . It 's not that expensive . I got mine done at a place called Hunters in Nashville for $ 150 , and it looks better than the picture .
 This went onto my 1997 saab 900s ng . This is the 3rd and last auto adjusting cable i will ever buy . There is an inherent flaw in the design that causes them to fail at the auto adjuster . I went and bought a manual adjusting cable for half the price at saabsite.com .
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 The item is not compatible with the existing StreetGlow car kit i have.Even tho it is the SAME model and same brand yet the connector for this tube was a female type -LRB- should 've been male -RRB- and it has an extra pin!So I took the car to the StreetGlow dealer whom i bought the original product from and even their technician was confused!Anyway , what we did is we cut the female plug off , stripped all the wires , then we cut off the male plug from the damaged LED since it plugs correctly with the existing tubes , stripped it off and we matched all the cable colors together , but we ended up with the extra 7th cable in this replacement tube , which was a brown color wire.The system worked but with only red light and no effects ! So we started to touch the brown wire with the other 6 exposed connections till we were able to get -LRB- blue , green , white -RRB- to work with all of the functions . The problem is the replacement tube is not responding to the functions , it stays constant on.So this makes me wonder how come a replacement tube is NOT compatible at all with its own kit ?!
 I bought the Alpinestars Reflex Knee Guards for riding motorcycle , and have been using them for several months now . They suck . Are too way too bulky in order to use them inside any pants , jeans or trousers . Extremely uncomfortable . The velcro straps get stuck between themselves causing a mess and everything come unravel . Besides , it slides around all the time , just by walking . I do n't want to imagine what would happen in a fall . Already buying a different brand .
 I bought this exhaust to make my rumble bee `` rumble '' . Wrong exhaust for that . Also the pipe going into the exhaust from the tail pipe was bent wrong and had to be welded because the brackets would n't clamp properly . Not a good exhaust for beefing up your Ram . I do n't recommend it at all .
 I love the sentiment behind this sticker , but perhaps a few extra minutes for proofreading to make sure `` loser '' was spelled right would have been beneficial .
 I got these boots 22 months ago and used them for taking the MSF course . I did n't wear them again until 16 months ago when I bought my first bike and started riding . By 9,000 miles , 7 months ago , they seemed to be holding up except that a pencil-sized hole formed in the leather at a wrinkle spot adjacent to the left boot 's velcro flap . It leaks a little in heavy rain , but I could live with that . Within a month of noticing the hole I saw that the stitching holding the velcro to the boot 's plastic shell was failing and the velcro was peeling off the boot . I could live with that.Then one month ago , at 13,900 miles , the zipper handle broke off and left my foot stuck in the boot . It took some doing to get my foot out . I was able to work the zipper to the open position so that I can still use the boot , relying on only the velcro to hold it onto my foot . At that point I emailed Teknic to see if anything was covered under warranty . I certainly expected these boots to hold up better than this . They 've only been in the rain maybe a dozen times and never off road . I never heard back from Teknic . I tried contacting where I bought them but no joy there , either.Just yesterday the spring fell out of one of the boot adjusting strap latches and now it 's hit or miss if it will adjust . These boots are falling apart at 14,000 miles and 16 months . I expected much better from a $ 300 set of boots . If Teknic ever responds I 'll update here , but I 'm not expecting it.Edit
 Worthless pump . Does hard to start , hard to keep going , at the price I expected much more than something I could have made myself .
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 The product delivered was NOT a Supco product , but was another brand that I did not order or recognize . They did not sell me what I ordered !! Buyer beware !!! This is the second time I have submitted this review .
 I received my shipment today . To say the least I am not happy.The advertising on Amazon was for SUPCO RCO410 OVERLOAD CAPACITOR in fact they included a picture of the Supco part . Also the shipping documentation lists it as SUPCO RCO410 OVERLOAD CAPACITOR . This is not what the company shipped to me . What I received was a knock-off of the Supco part HS410 manufactured by Aspen Manufacturing Inc. , who ever they are . There is no information on the packaging or part to identify them . The part also is not UL approved , so it can not be installed in a customers appliance without the risk of fire and a lawsuit . In fact because of this deceit I lost a customer because I could not put this part in her appliance . If you are going to advertise , advertise what you are selling do n't be fraudulant . If a company tells me the truth about what they are selling I 'll make the discion on whether I want to buy it or not . I sent to the company exactly what is in this feedback without a response from them.I AM NOT HAPPY
 You will not receive Supco part . The prongs are different and the wires are not copper on the one that you will receive . I had to return mine .
 I connected this unit to a DC LED rope light . The load from the rope lights was 2 AMPS which is less then one half of the rated 5 AMP output capacity of the power supply ; which I verified with an AMP meter . The pyramid power supply overheats and goes to half voltage after 30 minutes . Cheap . I replaced the unit with a competitors standard low voltage , plastic case , inexpensive laptop power supply which worked fine .
 If you bought one , do yourself a favor
 These will not fit a 2007 , or any classic body style chevy , that does NOT have Fender Flares . Could n't even find any husky liners listed on this website that would work on the front without factory flares .
 This has been the most upsetting purchase that I have made in a long time.I specified the year & make of the vehicle , placed the order , received the item and took it to a body shop to be painted to match my sons truck . I gave it to my son , only to find that it did not fit the truck as he had a sun roof . I am very dissapointed that the ordering options did not ask as to whether or not the vehicle had a sun roof as this item will not fit if you do . Now I am stuck with a $ 450 investment for an item that we con not use and my son with a dissapointing Christmas present .
 Accel is an excellent brand for cars 1/4 of a mile , but personally regarding this type of spark plug estou not satisfied , its life was short , thanks amazon for good deals .
 The bike rack might work better in a ranger or toyota truck but my F-250 we had to add a link that dose n't come in the kit to keep it stable and from moving around in the bed . Also , you have to strap the bikes to the rack , the little sliding lock things do n't work on bikes over 20 '' . Will work with some modifications .
 Does a poor to fair job of holding Bikes upright . I am in the process of adding a second support to hold the other end of the bike to hold them upright.I would not buy this product again , and opt for another type of pickup bike rack .
 This is the hardest thing I have ever put together . The instructions are worthless . I still do not have it put together after working on it all afternoon .
 This bike rack while easy to assemble and install must have been designed by someone who does not know anything about bikes . If you try to rack the bike with the back tire as instructed the derailler is pushed to the outside . If you try to rack the bike from the front and have disc brakes as many mountain bikes do these days the disc hits and rides on the rack either way you are going to do damage to the bike . I would not recommend buying this rack to anyone .
 Bought this rack because it 's suppose to hold up to 4 bikes , however , I had problems with it holding my one bike . Like the fact that it fits in the bed of my truck , but the design is better suited to be used as a regular bike rack for your garage . 1st off , if you have a mountain bike the tire is too wide for the foam rollers to be effective in securing the wheel , just not enough room to wedge between tire and rack frame . If you try to position the rollers and then back the bike in , the rollers rotate and come off . A hassle . 2nd , you have to place the bike in rear wheel first and to get it in far enough you have to crank the derailleur forward . Can mess with the alignment of rear derailleur . Did n't like that at all . If you do n't secure the front tire forget about keeping the bike vertical . Even after securing the front tire , foam rollers and even using a cable and lock to secure the bike to the rack I still had to hold the bike with my hand by reaching out my back window whenever I made a turn . If you have a ten speed or road bike with narrow tires I do n't know how you are going to keep it from falling/leaning over when turning , possibly bending your rim and the foam rollers are not wide enough to secure a skinny tire . Stopped using rack after two trips . For my money I consider it a waste . Maybe I was doing something wrong , but I doubt it . Tried several different solutions but came up with the same result . Very disappointing . Gave it a two stars because it is simple to put together and the cable that is supplied for locking the rack up so it does not get stolen is nice .
 This bike rack fits great in the back of my small Ram 50 . However , it is very flimsy and lacks quality . The rack holds 24 '' and 26 '' bikes fairly well but 20 '' BMX bikes do n't fit in the slots very well . Using this bike rack alone will not securely hold your bikes in place . The foam pads are absolutely useless and always fall off . I need to use tie downs along with the racks to keep the bikes from falling over . Overall not a very good design . And for over $ 100 I expected the rack to work better for my needs .
 Unless you plan to use a bunch of extra bungees and straps with it I do not recommend . It is poorly made and hard to adjust . It is already rusting really bad and is already in the junk pile at my house . You 're better off with any other solution .
 I have a 6 by 12 trailer with kayak racks and thought this would be a nice addition for the inside of the trailer . At some point the info for the rack said this would stretch up to 6 feet which is incorrect so I had to put wood on the sides to make it hold . The rack slid some and had to be readjusted . As others have said the bar on the rack will hit the dearailer when you put to bike in . If you put the bike in a high gear it should help with that problem . Also , I ride a 29 '' Mt. Bike and the tire barely fit . I am not surprised by that since most bikes are 29 '' . For my needs an extension piece that could be adjusted to different sizes would have helped and the foam pieces were too big for my bike needs . It is worth the price but could use some improvements . I also had to tie the front of the bikes down to keep them from moving too much .
 Good idea but this thing is JUNK . It does not stay in place very well . The bikes keep trying to fall over thus pulling it away from the truck bed . If you have a full size truck like I do they do n't give you an extension rod for the lower front saying it 's not needed .
 Not very pleased with this product . Besides being very expensive - you need to purchase at least two of these overly priced tubes to procure the color change you 're attempting acquire.Don ' t recommend and will NOT purchase again .
 Let me say that Amazon is usually verygood at shipping and sending the right product . But when it comes to K & N air filters , I would say go elsewhere . The drop down tabs wo n't produce the right filter for your car or truck . I ca n't believe they could be so messed up ! Even when you verify the right part number through K & N the measurements are incorrect on Amazon . I ordered 1 filter for my 2002 F-250 and 1 for my 2012 Hyundai Sonata and both were wrong .
 Received product on time but did n't fit my car a second time . Sent it back to get money . Amazon is having a problem with its part matching tool which matches the part to the car .
 About a month ago I installed this filter on my CT200h . I immediately saw a decrease in both performance and milage . The problems continued until I reinstalled the factory filter . The performance is back and , based on preliminary info , so is the milage .
 i wish these would have been brighter then they were , you can hardly tell they are on and they are about equal to the stock lights .
 Not very pleased with this product . Besides being very expensive - you need to purchase at least two of these overly priced tubes to procure the color change you 're attempting acquire.Don ' t recommend and will NOT purchase again .
 BAD SELLER ... !! All Sales 55004P Polished Billet Aluminum Third Brake Light Cover - Oval Cutoutyo he comprado este articulo -LRB- PICTURE -RRB- para mi suv FORD SPOR TRAC 2007 , pero al llegar ! me llego OTRO !!! como tiene el titulo solo es un covertor de luz ... . califico como pesimo vendedor . . ademas Me cuesta mucho dinero regresar este articulo .
 very poor fit Did not lay flat by the door sill and I hit the mat with my foot every time I got in . . I purchased Weathertech which fit great .
 I ordered this item according to Amazon 's parts locator . When I installed it I discovered it was not the right part . Unfortunately , my brother disposed of the box so I was not able to return it . I purchased a replacement locally . I sold it on ebay for .99 cents . $ 32.00 wasted on Amazon . Lesson I learned ? Never buy auto parts on Amazon . Their parts locator is `` wacked '' . I rated the item a one star because it was not the right part NOT because of poor quality . Rating has to do with Amazons pat locator NOT the item .
 Beware of Monroe Shock absorbers . These shocks , As well as all Max-Air shocks , come with NO WARRANTY from Monroe . Make sure you have your auto parts store give you a written and signed warranty from the store . Customer service dept at Monroe is of no help even though various auto parts stores list a `` limited Monroe lifetime warranty '' .
 This alternator does not fit a 2006 Mustang GT as advertised . It is the part number and may fit a 1999 - 2004 Mustang . Does not fit .
 The air-max shocks did what I wanted them to . That is the good part of it . The bad part is that one of them leaked . I removed them and found it to be leaking where the air stem attaches to the shock . I cleaned up the leak area and applied J-B weld . So far it is holding air . I also question whether they are Monroe shocks or knockoffs . If it continues to hold air over the long run then it was easier to repair it than send them back .
 These were not Monrow shocks . They had a monore sticker on the box but they were black in color and cold rolled not welded and would not hold the air pressure rated for monroe MA705 . I contacted Monroe and they said their shocks are white , like the photo in the ad . The rubber dust boots were already cracking and the hardware was of the cheapest softest steel I have ever seen , rubber mounting bushing were alot smaller than the old ones I took off my car . I suspect these are knockoffs and not the product Monroe would sell .
 THIS DECAL BEGAN PEELING WITHIN TWO WEEKS OF ME HAVING IT . NOT GREAT FOR CAR WINDOWS ESPECIALLY IF YOU PLAN ON EVER WASHING YOUR CAR AGAIN . WATER AND THIS DECAL DO NOT MIX ... ITS CUTE BUT NOT VERY LASTING .
 CUTE BUT NOT GOOD FOR CARS . DOES NOT STAY ADHERED ON CAR WINDOWS LONG AFTER WASHING .
 I previously had a basic snap down cover on my 2006 Ranger shortbed which I absolutely loved . Unfortunately 11 of the snaps had broken and it was time to replace . The Extang Blackmax is a great looking cover but it did not fit well and I found the features to be more of a liability than an improvement . First , the snaps on the bed rails are made of fiberglass and will warp if you do not fit the cover snap perfectly cetered over the rail snap before attaching . If you try to come in from the edge it causes the snap to peel back and in my experience this was unavoidable on tight corners . Second , the snaps are free floating on the rails . Sounded pretty cool to me but ... NO - I would much rather prefer snaps that anchored with screws that stay firmly in place . You have to wiggle the cover around to center it . I 'd rather take the time to align the snaps once and make it secure . Third , the spring loaded bows - thought that sounded cool too . But no , the caps pop out easily which is no big deal but that just increases install/uncover time . And last ... the fit was impossibly tight . I set the bows to the lowest position and the snaps to the loose side but still struggled . There 's no way this thing would go back on w/o sunshine and warm weather . Therefore , I returned and purchased a trifold which was more money but much more functional . I understand many customers are happy with the Blackmax and the company has a good reputation for quality ... but this just did n't work out for me .
 I would not buy these boots again . I bought these Teknic Defenders at a M/C show in Feb and within 3 weeks of light riding the shift pad wore completely through . I 've had a pair of old engineers boots for over 12 years and a pair of Tour Master Response short boots for around 3 years and they are still holding up well.So I do n't think there is anything special about my shift lever or how I shift.There was also a defect on the inside near the zipper that caused a corner to dig into my leg above my ankle . I was able to fix that . After that , they were quite comfortable and warm.The dealer from the show has been trying to contact Teknic for a couple of weeks with no results . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 UNC - Chapel Hill NCAA Car Floor Mats -LRB- 2 Front -RRB- NC LogoI purchased this mat and recieved two mats that were black with a tarheels logo not the NC logo on a blue mat .
 Firstly , this product would have been awesome &#8211; if it worked ! Great size , form factor , appearance . Nasty smell though , not sure why -LRB- rubbery/electrical smell , not burning -RRB- . It 's got an AC 120v outlet and a low power DC USB port . The 120v AC outlet , the meat and potatoes of this little number , works beautifully . It 's the reason I bought it in the first place , the USB port was an added bonus . Unfortunately the USB was dead on arrival . Tried multiple cars , multiple USB powered chargers , etc. . There 's no reason why a company like Kensington should have such brutally obvious and testable defects in any of their products &#8211; but this is clearly an OEM product from China that they stuck their name on . There 's not even a mention of USB in the product manual.If the USB did work , this would have gotten a 4/5 from me , 5/5 if there was no smell -LRB- it 's really bad ! -RRB- .
 These DO NOT fit the 1994 Cadillac DeVille . You need a shock that has a stud on top and a bushing for a bolt through on the bottom . These have bushings for bolt through on both top and bottom .
 I just finished cleaning my filter . All I can say is `` What a Mess ! `` The cleaning kit costs $ 10 plus 45 minutes of my time -LRB- so far -RRB- cleaning and now it is setting on the bench to air dry . How long do I leave it dry ? Who knows because K&D ; does n't say how long ! Once dried , I have to treat the element with the special K&D ; spray.The mess reminds me of the old days of cleaning Oil Bath type air filters.If you like cleaning stuff then this is the filter for you ! If you would rather do other more pleasurable things , do n't even consider this type element for a street vehicle!Sorry K&N ; , you make great products for off road and racing but after the next cleaning when I run out of the cleaning kit components and would have to spend another $ 10 for a cleaning kit -LRB- plus my time -RRB- , I 'm going back to paper elements.For now , I am going to walk to the post office while my element dries for who knows how long !
 Bought these because they were supposed to be molded or custom-fitted to our vehicle . The edges by the door did n't form to the floor and stuck up . No way to use them because you would constantly hang foot on them when getting in vehicle .
 The product was purchased for a Nissan PatheFinder 2002 . Later it was discovered it did not fit and then the connector broke . Not sure why , since it was purchased for daughter 's vehicle and I do n't have the part yet to look at it ... This may be one of those issues where the product may not have really been correct for the vehicle , which is not the manufacturer problem but the order processing at Amazon . . Therefore , `` A word to wise . Always make sure the product is made for the correct vehicle and model '' .
 This item is n't worth buying ! It does not show the correct voltage ! I have removed it and reinstalled it and each time the voltage is different . The range is 12.8 to 14.5 volts . I have check the battery voltage with my Greenlee volt meter and it consistently reads 13.8 - 13.9 volts.For some strange reason when I rated it with one star , it automatically jumped to four stars . Will try one star again .
 It looks cool and worked great , but it only worked for 1 day and that was it . Perhaps just like everything else in life ; You may get a bad batch from time to time .
 The numbers are clear even at night however after just 5 days of operation , the green back light died so I ca n't see anything at night . The meter still works so I can only use it during the day . I called their tech support and said that they 'll replace this one if I return the faulty unit , however , I have to pay for the shipping ! Since their product failed , I believe that they should be the one handling the return cost . Returning would already cost half the price I paid for this item .
 Try unit out when I first bought it . Everything seem ok . Did not use for a month and then when I try it again , background light no longer works . Only used it once prior to light burning out . Too late to return unit with incurring shipping cost .
 bought this item , plugged it in for a day , by the nextday it was dead , not blown fuse , DEAD . cheap rubbish .
 Monitor indicated the same identical 13.68 volts for two -LRB- 2 -RRB- different 12 volt batteries in two -LRB- 2 -RRB- different cars and displayed a red light -LRB- PROBLEM -RRB- . Returned it for a refund . The old adage applies
 We have had repetitive charging issues and this tool has been a great asset to help my wife determine if the charging system is working -LRB- via led 's -RRB- . Update
 The LCD panel is bright and legible . The LED lights provide a quick overview . The unit correctly identifies the monitoring mode , battery vs. charging . I personally found the 2-decimal place voltage reading unnecessary and distracting while driving.I suspect the voltage reading is not totally accurate ; one of my cars has a brand new charging system and battery , 6 months since they were installed and less than 2500 miles in usage , but the battery voltage reading tethers 12.3 v. I get the same reading on my other car as well . I hooked up both cars to a battery tender and with the tender in floating mode -LRB- indicating the battery is basically fully charged -RRB- the voltage reading still does n't exceed 12.4 v and the battery icon shows the batteries about half charged . I believe a few other people have reported a similar problem with the battery icon .
 The shipping cost was doubled after I ordered this item . I will not order any products from this vendor again .
 I purchasted this unit to use in a small aircraft that has no built in battery monitor.The unit failed within one hour of use.It was too cheap to bother to send back so I took it apart.I found two loose screws holding the circuit board and display in place and a bad solder joint.I repaired the solder joint and tightened the screws and the unit has been working fine ever since.Unless you are an Electronic Engineer like me I would not recomend this unit.Strangely enough , the internal components appeared to be high guality.It was not assembled correctly.It 's OK if it works .
 The light 's blink like a Christmas tree , it shows i have a red blinling led while the ignition is off and it is a brand new charged battery . I tested this in three vehicles and got the same result . In the garbage can it goes .
 worked for two weeks then this thing is saying that i have around 7 volts on my battery that is also not charging . yeah ... that was about three months ago and it is sitting in the glove box until i decide what to do with it . if you are not a car person , my car would not crank on 7 volts so this thing is lying .
 I followed the instruction to test the batteries in my 2012 Honda Odyssey and 2008 Honda CRV . In both cases , when measuring the `` state of charge , '' the meter kept telling me that my batteries had only about 12 v of power , and the red light further indicated that the battery was low in charge . Not sure what this meant -LRB- my Odyssey is less than 1 mon old and the CRV just got a new battery last Oct -RRB- , I took the Odyssey to the dealer , and they measured it and told me that my battery was in good working conditions . The Odyssey has a built-in `` low charge '' warning system which never came on so it further suggested that the meter 's reading is wrong . Is the meter defective ? I assume so so I have returned it . It is also possible that in some cars , the auxiliary power outlets do not output the full 12.6 v so one can not use this to measure the actual voltage in the battery . Either way , before you buy this , be aware of this issue and talk to your service manager first .
 When I plug in the first time , the signal light changed from read to green or yellow . I was very confused and wonder whether there is electrical problme of my car . I brouhg my car to two different garage for check up . After several hours of waiting , there is no problme with my car at all . How much can you trust this little cheap but convenient device ?
 The first one shipped did not work . The second one works in one mode only and not able to check battery charge level when car not running . Too much trouble to send it back again .
 I only used this for about a month and a half , it is busted already . I used it in my 4x4 and the car . It was working okay and one day suddenly stopped working !! I have tried it in both the 4x4 and the car but no luck . As far as I can see there are no batteries or anything to be replaced so I guess I will have to throw it in the bin ! I am in Melbourne and it is not worth trying to return this item .
 Item does what it says . Easy to use , but sparse on instructs to decipher . You pretty much have to figure out what the read-outs mean on your own .
 First of all , the unit shows you voltage with a total of 4 digits.Second , once the car is started , you get a circluing arrow in the left top corner of the display , indicating that a charge is occurring . However , this is a static icon , it does not rotate as at least I would have except.You also get a bar on the right side of the display showing the battery charge level and a 3-light indication at the bottom . And in case you should forget I guess , they even added a little battery icon in the display.However , I seriously question the accuracy of these units -LRB- this is the second one -RRB- . When plugged in -LRB- my van has multiple outlets , I check on 4 of them -RRB- , the unit shows 11.4 Volts and a red light . Wow , never had an issue with my battery nor charging system . Started the car -LRB- which it did fine -RRB- , unit showed 14.8 Volts . Really!I went to the shop and had everything checked . My high-output alternator -LRB- 120 amps -RRB- was working above manufacturer 's specs ; my 1000 cold cranking amp battery is in excellent condition.I exchange the unit , the replacement showed the same odd numbers . Now , the manual you can download from Equus -LRB- wich does not come with the unit -RRB- states issues like that there could be dirty battery terminals etc. etc. . I had the shop check the voltage on my cigarette lighter which a regular voltmeter and it showed completely different numbers.We even hooked up the car charger which went into float charging -LRB- meaning battery is full -RRB- within 2 minutes.The only reason to have this monitor would be to , well , monitor your battery . For this you need accurate readings , and I can not see these on this unit .
 I tried to plug it into two cars . It did not work and could not able to check battery charge level when cars not running . 13.68 on the screen all the time . I 'll do some research to buy a different one .
 I have a 2005 Sea-Doo 3D and wanted a backup key . Would n't program using the dealer 's key maker . So now I have a nice purple paper weight .
 Took my capri to sears auto center and technician said that this cv axle wasnt even remotely close to fitting . Also said this was for an ABS vehicle .
 This is n't even what I ordered . I got it for my sister , and I 'm deployed to Iraq and ca n't return it ... I WANT A REFUND OR WHAT IS PICTURED
 Tried this on a Wrangler Rubicon with 4 '' Lift and 33 '' x 12.5 '' tires . Fixed steering wobble immediately but wore out in 4 months of use .
 According your `` Find Part that fit your vehicle '' , I ordered and received the wrong product for my Grand Cherokee Limited 2000 , the Monroe SC 2929 Magnum Steering Dumper , which is not the one that really fit the vehicle . The correct one is the Monroe SC 2962 Magnum Steering Dumper . I got not idea if if possible for you to send me the rigth one .
 Paper quality is good but it is too wide causing it to bend during fitment so there is an opening that causes air to go unfiltered.I cut it a little bit to make fit .
 If you use the handy tool on the website and type in 2004 Ford Ranger XLT as I did -- you will be told it fits -- but it also says it is for an 84 '' bed -- the bed on a Ford Ranger XLT is 74 '' . Check the fit in detail before you buy . Seems to be a good product but because of the hassle factor must call it a `` 1 ''
 Although Amazon says that this brake caliper fits my 1985 Toyota Corolla GT-S Coupe -LRB- Rear Wheel Drive -RRB- it does not fit . The brake line fitting is in the wrong location , and the caliper is the wrong shape . I believe the proper Centric part number for my car is 141.44083 , listed here : Centric Parts 141.44083 Semi Loaded Friction CaliperDo n't buy this part unless you are sure you have the right part number .
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Works well with thicker -LRB- 10W40 -RRB- oils when kept on a workbench , but you probably keep an oil can for that purpose . The unit leaks with thinner penetrating oils -LRB- my intended purpose -RRB- , and you would not want to keep it in a shirt pocket for the same reason . I thought it would work carried in a tool box , but you ca n't readily tell if it still has oil in it , so you may find yourself out of oil at the job site . I would not buy it again .
 I would not buy these boots again . I bought these Teknic Defenders at a M/C show in Feb and within 3 weeks of light riding the shift pad wore completely through . I 've had a pair of old engineers boots for over 12 years and a pair of Tour Master Response short boots for around 3 years and they are still holding up well.So I do n't think there is anything special about my shift lever or how I shift.There was also a defect on the inside near the zipper that caused a corner to dig into my leg above my ankle . I was able to fix that . After that , they were quite comfortable and warm.The dealer from the show has been trying to contact Teknic for a couple of weeks with no results . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I would not buy these boots again . I bought these Teknic Defenders at a M/C show in Feb and within 3 weeks of light riding the shift pad wore completely through . I 've had a pair of old engineers boots for over 12 years and a pair of Tour Master Response short boots for around 3 years and they are still holding up well.So I do n't think there is anything special about my shift lever or how I shift.There was also a defect on the inside near the zipper that caused a corner to dig into my leg above my ankle . I was able to fix that . After that , they were quite comfortable and warm.The dealer from the show has been trying to contact Teknic for a couple of weeks with no results . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Although others said this fit their 2002 Pontiac Montana , the airlines did not fit and I only learned this after taking them to my mechanic to get them installed . I just ordered the separate adapter kit and hopefully that does the trick . I 'm hoping these work because the OEM shocks are junk and I 've been through 3 sets -LRB- luckily all died just before their warranty expired -RRB- and I 'm hoping these last longer once they finally get installed.Amazon should not say the adapter lines come with these shocks , as it does not , and also recommend the separate adapter kit -LRB- Monroe AK29 -RRB- be purchased .
 you use there parts checker to see if its right and then they say its your problem when its wrong
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 It does look like a work of patches but instead of being a size too small i ordered two sizes too large . Jillian leather does n't answer emails and they only have xxl and up on their site for this style jacket . if your going to buy this i wear an xl usually but a medium probably would have fit me .
 Says it fits a 2005-2008 Doge Magnum , it does not this part -LRB- 20002 -RRB- is actually for a 1984-2001 Jeep Cherokee witch have completely different cargo areas your best bet is part -LRB- 20051 -RRB- for a Magnum but it is in black not gray .
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I am one of those consumers who rarely writes a positive review because my motivation is to do other things with my time when I am satisfied with a product . I DO read reviews when considering a purchase and am grateful for them . When I am really frustrated with a product then my negative energy has to come out of me and therefore this review . Do not buy this product for a Mercedes C-350 . It may work well on other vehicles but definitely not on this one . The forward flange of this unit actually curves outward instead of inward to lock the device into a secure place along the window rim . I waited too long to return it so I had to modify it by hand to make it fit . I had to heat that end of the plastic with hot air and then bend it so it catches unto the bottom of the window rail . For the other end , I had to file the edges so it would n't catch when the window slid up to close . Without these modifications the product is worthless and flies off when driving or closing the door . Close to $ 80.00 for 2 pieces of molded plastic and yeez , where is the proper engineering .
 As a relatively new cloth convertible top owner I wanted to pro-actively to take good care of my top from the start . All roads lead to RaggTopp Fabric Protectant , which essentially meant that it has the recommendation of the Hartz Fabric Company recommendation . I have used this product before and it worked , but this year it was a disaster . First of all they changed the spray nozzle on the aerosol can to produce an extremely fine spray . Whatever their reason for this was it now means that it is impossible to use this product outdoors as the slightest of breezes sends it off into the wind . You must apply it in a garage setting only . Secondly when my small top failed to bead water after apply three coats per the directions I contacted the manufacture to try to understand what went wrong . They were far from professional , in fact I would characterize their behavior as nothing less than insane . First telling me that I did not apply enough . Then telling me that I applied too much . And a few other really bizarre comments were sent to me written in all capital letters ! It appears that this company is really just a one man and a bitter and unhappy fellow at that ! But the good news is that this interesting information that I would like to share with you . This is not the only option for fabric top protectant . And of the alternatives there is one that had been the defacto Hartz recommended product for over 20 years -LRB- RaggTopp was only recommended by them for the last few years - do I smell a bribe , or should I say paid product endorsement ? -RRB- . The alternative is a product called 303 Protectant - High Tech Fabric Guard . It is available from Amazon and it is less expensive than Raggtopp . 303 also makes a fabric cleaner . And 303 has a manual pump spray which allows for much greater control in applying the product . My top beads water again thanks to 303 . Goodbye RaggTopp , your horrible customer server has turned me and now everyone in my roadster auto club off of your products for good .
 Save your money . Water beads well for about two weeks , then it 's as if you applied nothing . Silicon is probably just as good , and a lot cheaper !
 I received the first of these and the laser pointer was not working . I exchanged it for a second of the same model and that also had a non-working laser pointer . I returned it and purchased the 52224A model instead and have had no problems.Atleast the return process was quick and painless .
 I bought a Dual Temp Infrared Thermometer from place-k and it said NEW . When i got it . it does n't have a instruction book and no laser point target when pull trigger . It 's look like am having a defective part . I got it from a seller frank dull from hebron OH . Now how i can get a replacement or get my money back ... Ben from ATL Georgia
 I was , and still am VERY upset with the shipper and the lack of attention to detail . Upon opening the package i noticed right away that the wrong item had been sent . The item that was in the package was the `` Belt bolt-in kit '' . If it wasnt for me being stationed over seas i would send the item back to hopefully get this corrected . But being that the shipper does not ship to APO addresses , it would be too much of a hassel for my self and the third party that i have toi use just to get packages to me.Again , THANK YOU ! to your lack of attention to detail . This problem is VERY upsetting .
 Only plus is that they look good.The fit is mediocre . There is no stretch areas so fitting them is a pain and there are still areas that are either too tight or too loose . Getting them on the back of my front seats required cutting out pieces of the factory seats.They are n't waterproof at all . They might as well be made of terrycloth , they absorb liquid that well.After 1 year , I have multiple tears , including the back seats which see VERY little use.Buy the Wet Okole
 The product was easy to install , but the bags did not hold up . Three months later one bag developed a pinhole leak , and the other one had a tear on the side . I called the customer service , he said I have to buy new bags for 85 dollars each . What a scam !
 I had the product for 2 weeks and all the ball bearings came out . Quality is very poor and would not reccomend this product .
 I had a bunch of old Yakima kit and round bars for the old clip-style towers from my previous cars , so I got this control tower and landing pad base to continue using my previous Yakima investments on my new car with fixed-point roof attachments . The idea of being able to quickly remove the control towers/rack from the landing pads is nice.Landing Pad 11 is the one Yakima said I had to use on a Mazda MS3 . It 's huge and ugly , and It 's not particularly quick to install and remove landing pads from the car . Instead of fitting inside the roof rail as Thule 's fixed-point tower system would , Yakima 's sits all around on the roof metal . Although they 're sturdy as Yakima has always been through the years , they 're some seriously ugly warts on my roof when they 're capped.I 'm only giving them two stars because I really dislike the wart look and air gap over the roof rail . I 'd have given them five stars if the pads would have just fit inside the roof rail . As the fellow with the BMW laments , you ca n't torque down the attachment bolt too much , yet you want to get it tight enough to keep the rubber from wiggling all over your painted surfaces as dirt accumulates . With the Landing Pad 11 , dirt and road grime will get completely inside the rubber foot because of the air space it leaves over the roof rail . If Yakima fixes the landing pad fitment 11 with some new type of control tower base , I 'll amend this review . Today , though , I would tell anyone starting from scratch to go with a Thule aero bar system .
 I 'm not a mechanic but I do lube my truck and trailer myself . What I was looking for was a right angle adapter that would fit a standard grease fitting . This will only work on a smaller fitting with the tip that was included . I 've never seen these smaller fittings used on anything .
 Bought this jack and it will not lift if there is any kind of heavy load .
 Complete chinese junk . Stopped working after a few months of use . I 'm not even going to bother to try and rebuild it . Going to scrap .
 I have used a lot of floor jacks before and this is not a good product . It could hardly jack up on end of my Ford Ranger than after 20 or so uses the seals went out and now it is useless !
 A three ball one eh ? NO . Didn not get the 3 balled one . Got a regular hitch . Not worth the effort in sending back and getting another . Went to local store and spent MORE money but got what I needed . Time was a issue by that point . Somebody somewhere either didnt read the order or just did n't care when they packed and sent this .
 Before buying be sure the dimensions are correct for your vehicle . There appears to be an error in the dimensions listed in the Amazon material for this item
 We bought this to suck the oil out of our car at the dipstick -- the drain plug is glued in place . It seems the the car isdesigned to disallow passage of anything not shaped like adipstick into the crankcase.We sent it back.Might work on its designed purpose but not for 90 's Acura Autos
 my wife and bought a dodge 2500 ram Thunderroad 4x4 quad cam ,5.9 Cummins in 05 and we made a deal to purchase a large camper and sell our motorhome when we made the last payment . we did .33 ft Forest River Wildwood rear lounge with slides . i decided that at 50k on the clock the truck was probably ready for new shocks if not it would be with the added load.so i purchased 4 Monroe Reflex.wow nice shocks.completely different truck , so i boughyt a new steering damper the one here SC2964 Magnum Steering Damper . looked nice was smaller than the oe but what they called for.first issue the nut was soft and stripped before it would get tight , called the seller no response , called Monroe no problem issue they admitted to ! sent new mounting hardware 4 days without truck ! got the new parts installed the part . the first couple trips to work about 5 miles everything was ok . my wife had to go the the hospital which required a short trip on the interstate . well my life was about to get interesting ! truck shifted into overdrive about 54mph . first expansion joint i thought i hit an IED.TRUCK SHOOK VOILENTLY WHEEL ALMOST CAME OUT OF MY HAND IT WAS ALL I COULD DO TO GET IT TO A STOP AND TO THE SIDE OF THE ROAD IN VA BEACH NAVY TRAFFIC !!!! . i took the side roads to the dealership i always go to and Joe Myers put it right on the rack.nothing broken , worn , the only variable this damper . got home called the monroe hotline.they told me to send it back where i bought that it was the only listing they had for my truck ? well being a car guy i new no way . did some checking turns out Tenneco is Monroe and Rancho . the later makes a lifetime warranty monster shock why could the help line not tell me this.nice product RS5412 . just letting you know before someone gets killed . it was close for me . my local Advance took it right back with no problem and traded me up to a new one . as i had purchased the shocks there.love AMAZON but hate this product . i would have to have paid to ship it back if not for local dealers help.buyer beware.thanks .
 When I went to purchase these mats on the Amazon website it was stated that these mats would fit my 2007 Honda Odyssey . When I received them it was obvious they expected me to cut them to fit . They are way too narrow to begin with so trimming would n't help . Very disappointed .
 This part does NOT match my vehicle as indicated . I went back to see if I made a mistake , every model of 2002 Ford Taurus is indicated as `` fit '' . I have the U vin , it does NOT fit .
 If it works , it works pretty good . Chances are you will get one with a missing O ring though . Several people on car forums I am a member of receive defective items including myself . I called customer service after multiple emails went unanswered . I told them I think it was missing an o ring because it would not hold a vaccum . They said `` yep it might be '' and that was it , no `` we will get one right out to you '' or ship it back for an exchange . They were very rude . I just sealed it with some gasket maker and it works now but looks terrible . I would go with a different unit with beter quality control .
 Mityvac 7201 Fluid Evacuator PlusThe MityVac 07201 sold by Amazon was not functioning from the start . I have heard other reviews where this happened . The pump creates no vacuum at all . If you have this problem too , check the following . While pumping with the hose plugged , listen around the top lid for a wheezing sound . If so , then it is possible that the top lid is missing the top rubber seal -LRB- P/N 822821 -RRB- like mine was . It looks like a reasonably designed product for the price , but c'mon ... they got ta have all the parts to start with to make a go of it ! I will be ordering another one from Amazon again . I will keep everyone posted on the next one I get .
 Straight out of the box , this looks like a quality unit . The plastic seems fairly thick and well molded . There 's only three moving parts and the directions are simple -LRB- if you bother reading them -RRB- . So what could go wrong?Ahhhh , as some people have already noted it appears the manufacturer produced a number of these without inserting the gasket/seal/o-ring / whatever between the black plastic top and the main body . So , it wo n't hold a vacuum . You will find this out as you 're pumping like a MAD MAN and all you get is a hissing sound from the top . If you remove the screws holding the black top down , you can see where the gasket/seal/o-ring / whatever WOULD BE if you had one.Bottom line - hold off on buying until they work through this bad lot . I received mine on April 11th , 2009 . Give it a good six months .
 I ordered this item to use on among other vehicles a 2005 Ford F-150 . On the F-150 I slid the smallest tube down the dipstick tube just like the instructions said and when I went to pull it back out it would not come . I pulled hard enough to risk breaking it off -LRB- which I did not want to do -RRB- . I called the tech support line and the guy said `` Yeah , some vehicles have a flap or other similar item that it can catch on , just depends . You 'll have to drop the oil pan to get it out '' No warnings , let alone a list of problem engines are in the enclosed manual . In case a waste of money . The manufacturer will not give me a refund and the return period has expired with Amazon so a total waste of my money .
 I 've used my Mityvac 7201 less than 10 times . I have treated it very carefully , as I do all my stuff . But still , it works poorly for me.The selector valve that you use to switch between evacuating/dispensing is ridiculously difficult to operate . I ca n't just push or lift my selector valve to operate it . No , I have to twist it while pushing/pulling like a madman , and hope I do n't break anything -LRB- including my fingers -RRB- . I was able to loosen it up somewhat by spraying the valve with silicone/Teflon spray , and operating it repeatedly . But -LRB- 1 -RRB- It 's still not easy to operate , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- I should n't have to do that.The expandable plug that must be expanded to evacuate/dispense or removed to pour fluid out is ridiculously difficult to remove . It 's just a poor-fitting device.The tube connector where the main evacuation tube enters the top of the unit leaked when I put it in dispense mode . I had to pay over $ 27 to get a replacement `` Tube Connector Kit '' -LRB- 822566 -RRB- , since my unit is out of warranty.After replacing the tube connector and trying dispense mode again , I found that the top plate leaks . I had not noticed this before , but it explains why it always took so much pumping when I evacuated oil ! When I use it in dispense mode now , the main tube does n't leak anymore , but air and oil come out from under the top plate . I removed the top plate , and sure enough , `` Look Ma , no seal ! '' It would be bad enough if the seal had merely failed , but for the seal not to be included in the first place is inexcusable . Because I did n't notice this problem sooner , the seal -LRB- 822821 -RRB- is costing me an additional $ 13 , including a ridiculous $ 8.75 fee for shipping.Now I 've added -LRB- not replaced -- added -RRB- the top seal , and while doing a test , I can hear that the unit leaks air at the top of the pump assembly . I give up on this thing.This would be a great practical joke if it did n't cost me so much money .
 Evacuation function works great . Unfortunately I was unable to try the product out until it was past the amazon return period . The pumping function is broken as others have reported . Return of this for the manufacturers warranty seems not worth the effort . I am sure I am not making an operational mistake , since the reversing valve is a simple function .
 Amazon is selling these without a gasket around the canister , I had to return 2 defective units . I ended up buying it from a discount supply store online elsewhere . The unit itself works amazingly fast . Its a couple pumps and go watch some TV for 20min . Come back and your done.Just make sure that you have the tube all the way down the dipstick hole and that you release the engine cap and filter to let as much oil drop down into the oil pan as possible .
 Good luck if you roll the dice on this product . The first one that was delivered had a broken gasket at the top of the pump , so it did n't hold any pressure/vacuum . I sent it back , and the next one had a broken bracket between the pump and tank . So the pump was n't correctly supported . If broken out of the box , I can only assume the rest of it wo n't be far behind . I returned it and have n't re-ordered . Clearly some folks get decent versions of this based on the reviews , but I was not one of them .
 Bought based on good reviews . This would not hold vacuum pressure , I had to constantly pump to extract the oil . By constantly , I mean not the 5-10 times the directions say , but rather hundreds of pumps . I would rather have bought the 12volt pump for much cheaper . I returned this item .
 A great concept , but the container would not seal properly from its first use . A great deal of money gone to waste .
 I purchased this namely to save time on oil changes . I have performed two thus far with this machine and have found it to take considerably longer than conventional methods . Quality of unit is inferior
 Imagine my disappointment when using this product . I have owned a similar product with a smaller capacity . The smaller one performed well . This product took me over 1 1/2 hours to drain my oil . I do not recommend this to anyone.I am going to see if I may have my money returned .
 I was excited to start using this oil extractor because I thought it would save me time and mess . I was wrong . The first time I used it , I had to keep pumping it over and over and over and over to get the oil to come out -LRB- even after warming up the car -RRB- . It probably took at least 20 minutes to get the oil out and I am not convinced it all came out . Plus , I did not think about the oil filter when I bought this . You still have to remove the oil filter , so you still have to put a pan underneath your car to catch the oil . So , I still have to use a pan , which is what I was trying to avoid . I was willing to live with these things , but the THIRD time I went to use it , it started shooting oil out of the lever that control the direction of the flow . In my opinion , I would save your money ...
 The pump in theory suppose to suck oil out of the dipstick hole . It did not do it for Honda engine . It did for snowblower . You will need to get dirty to change your own oil .
 The product is totally rubbish . I bought a month ago , used it first time and it did not work . Unfortunately , I used it just one day after the Amazon return window . Amazon would not take it back because it was one day over the return window . And company 's customer service is horrible.I would recommend this product only to people I want to take revenge from so their money can go to trash .
 I am very disappointed . I have a 2002 Ford Explorer with the V-6 engine . The smallest tube supplied would n't fit in the dipstick tube . I still have n't been able to find a tube that will fit , so the pump is useless !!!
 This little mousy vac does n't work Period . I 'm mechanically inclined and work on cars all of the time . Followed instructions , what little there are , and had read through many reviews before buying it.Its going right back in the box . Pumped at least 200 times , got maybe a quart.Run , dont walk away from this product .
 I just received this product and I have to say it 's a real piece of junk . I purchased it to change the oil on my 99 ML 320 because I got tired of paying $ 125 for an oil change . Anyway , after wrestling with it for 3 hours , I finally jury rigged a line up to my shop vac and sucked the oil out in 5 minutes.I would not recommend this product at all . I pumped my `` a ** '' off for three hours and frankly even at my advanced age I can pee a better stream than what came out of the hose . The instructions say `` Pump 10-12 times '' and the flow will start ... total BS . Do Not Buy This Product unless you 're looking to exercise your back and arms . It 's just plain useless for oil changes .
 I could not get enough vacuum to draw the oil from the crankcase ... unit would not work . I am very dissatisfied with the product .
 This is my second unit of Mityvac - used to have the 7300 . Better then the 7300 because of the separate air pump , and the reversible flow.This particular unit did not hold the vacuum , so extracted out around 2L and then stopped . I could hear the fuzzing sound near one of the screws . Kept bumping and tighten the screws with no positive effect . Returned for a refund . I ended up with an unsuccessful oil check with 1/2 new and 1/2 remaining oil - wasted oil . Need better QA checks before getting these out for customers .
 I bought this and was able to use it for 4 oil changes to my BMW.It works well when it did , saves me the hassle of driving my car onto ramps.Here 's the problems .1 . The rubber used to connect the larger hose to smaller one -LRB- which goes into the dipstick -RRB- gets hard and does notseal very well , I had to use teflon tape to make the fit tighter . This issue happened the second time I used the device .2 . The designer put the oil inlet too close to the drain outlet , so when you pour out the oil , some of it will naturally go out the inlet causing a mess . I had to plug it so this would n't happen when I try to empty out the device . Take a look at one of the customers photo -LRB- top view -RRB- .3 . WHY THE Heck did they choose to use a rubber stopper is beyond me . a simple screw on cap would have made this much better . I fought with the stopper since day one . to press the metal lever down which expands the rubber to create an air tight seal . Well you also have to pull real hard to remove this.After a few use , the rubber seal has become deformed , and also caused the top of the case to crack/split where the two halves of the top case is molded together , Now it 's is useless . The crack on the top wo n't create vacuum.I 'm left to wonder if I should spend $ 35-50 dollars to buy the replacement top and possibly a new rubber stopper.This could have been a much better design.LIke :1 . putting in screw on cap rather then the rubber stopper .2 . make a second screw on cap with a hole for the oil tube . this way you do n't need that extra hole for the oil tube which is a pain when you try to empty out the dirty oil .3 . if they do have a screw on cap , it would also make it easier to have different caps for different size tubings too . for Oil , or brake fluids , etc. . .
 Bought from Snapon , worked great for a couple years . . However , be ready for the deficiencies :1 . Rubber stopper a bear to get out , even after lube .2 . Tubing connections fiddly .3 . Dispense/Extract valve sticks repeatedly .4 . Final death occurred by implosion of the actual polyethelyne chamber . Just crumpled like a tin can . Made me jump about a meter , and got oil all over my driveway . Not like I used it more than a couple dozen times , in total , either . Just for oil changes at home.However , I may buy a replacement , as it works well if you can live with all the fiddly stuff , and that final scary crumple .
 Overall ca n't comment on the functionality of the unit . But unfortunately as a Brand New In Box item it came without the 5 foot house , adapter et . Makes you worry about quality control . Dip stick accessory also missing . Thankful for Amazons quick , easy and free return and exchange policy . Lets see how the next one goes . Dr. Tasso Pappas
 I discovered that my new car does not have a dipstick , so I returned the product and as of today have not received credit .
 I received product on time and it worked great the first time I used it on my Merc C300 . Yeah the seal is missing , but it still had suction so I continued to use it . Even reading about the possible flaws
 I bought this thing to use on my Mercedes a few months ago . Last week I was going to test it for the first time but of course did n't which was a mistake . Tried to use it and I ca n't get the pump handle to go all the way down . The leaflet says to pump 10 times but with all 200 lbs of my weight on the handle I ca n't as there is a tremendous pressure felt . The best I could get was maybe oil in the tube 10 inches above the oil pan . I even bypassed the extract valve with tubing and could feel suction on tube going into the reservoir from the pump but nothing or very slight suction on the tube going into the oil pan . Called technical support and about all they could tell me was how it was suppose to work and I would have to return it to the vendor . I 'm glad I did n't pay full price .
 Returned the first one as oil would stop evacuating once the pumping stopped.On the second one , there was a leak where the tube inserts into the mityvac as the connector ring came off . Grease or tape did n't fix the leak.On the whole , a very bad experience .
 Looks like you either get a good unit that works or a crappy one that does n't . I read the reviews , decided the odds were in my favor -LRB- and extraction is the only real way to do an oil change on my car -RRB- and bought this unit . Went to do my oil change and burned 4 hours to get 2 Qts extracted with several hundred pumps of the handle . The `` 10 pumps '' recommended in the manual does n't get the oil over the top of the dipstick tube level . More like 20 pumps to get it about 10 inches past the dipstick and another 30 or 40 to get it to the cylinder . -LRB- Yes , the oil was hot , the lever for the expansion plug was pushed down tight , the connections were correct , oil fill cap on the engine removed , etc. etc. -RRB- Finally gave up for today and will try again tomorrow after I make a gasket for the top -LRB- I took the top off and no O-Ring to seal it , seems to have been a problem going back to 2009 at least so do n't think that problem 's been fixed -RRB- . Whether that fixes it or not I wo n't change my rating - I did n't spend $ 100 for a do-it-yourself project . I rolled the dice counting on the odds of getting a good unit were in my favor but came up craps instead . Junk is what it 's called when a product does n't work out of the box . Legally I can demand a refund -LRB- UCC Warranty of Implied Merchantability applies in the United States -RRB- ... but it 's a PITA to go through that grief , better to just chalk it up to a junk product and avoid anything else made by this company ever again and let others know that they 're still chancing getting crap by ordering now .
 As many have noted , some of these ship without a required gasket/o-ring that is needed to keep the vacuum . I had hoped this was an issue worked out over the many months since the first complaint , but I just received mine and it was DOA out of the box . While the overall impression is that the tool is a good quality , it simply does n't work . At the very least , if you order one , test it out right away . If you wait until you need it , you might be stuck with it .
 Mine leaked out of the box . I love the idea of this and may try again but it seems they have a quality control problem .
 I do all my own oil and fluid changes on 2 4X4s , so when it comes time to change the gear oil in the differential and transfer cases , I was looking for something better than the little one quart pump that comes with the 90w oil . Since you ca n't just pour the oil in from the top like engine and transmission oil , it 's nice to have something to pump the oil in underneath the vehicle.The Mitivac Fluid Evacuator seems like a well designed , reasonably well made tool . It holds a lot of oil and can evacuate oil from hard to reach places like old-style Ford differentials that have no drain or removable cover plate . Having it 's own pump , you do n't need a compressor.How does it work ? For me , slooooooooowly ! The small diameter of the tubing -LRB- if you use the extension needed to reach under a vehicle -RRB- makes it really difficult to work with 90w gear oil . The other problem is that even though the lid has quite a few bolts holding it down , it leaks air so you have to almost continually pump the darn thing . I tightened the bolts but it did n't help . The pump does n't move enough air to keep up with the leak , and was still slow before it leaked.Between the small tubing diameter and the leaking lid , the Mitivac Fluid Evacuator is not the best solution for changing 90w oil . It might work OK for 5-30W engine oil , but most people do n't need it for that .
 Air was leaking from the top side cover in between the two screws where the suction tube outlet is located . I have tightened tightened the screws/nut and it still leaks air unless i 'm clamping on it with my two hands . I tested it out on my brake master cylinder reservoir and it worked fine . After pumping till my arms got tired , I only ended up with about a quart of used oil , which in fact was at operating temperature . I 'm sure if there was no leak , I would n't have had to pump as much . I ended up just draining from the bottom , which was 100x easier .
 So far this has been a big disappointment , but I think it 's due to a quality defect . I tried pumping the oil out of my BMW -LRB- 8 quarts -RRB- , and it took 45 minutes and 200 + pumps , and yes the oil was hot and the cap was off.Upon investigating , it appears the main plastic tube was poorly cut at the end -- almost like a crimp , which wo n't let it seal with the second tube going into the dipstick . I will re-splice and try again , but even if that works , they get 2 stars for the out of box failure .
 This wheel chock works great on a level concrete or level asphalt . When used on a slope , they slide before `` digging in '' to hold the wheel . Having a trailer move while uncoupling from the pickup is not a very confortable feeling .
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 I unpacked this black Westin Bull Bar and rust scale dumped out of the end of the tubing.Are you kidding me ? Rusting in the box , dry , clean , never even mounted on the truck . How is this piece of s. . t going to hold up against Michigan winters?I called Westin and they said they do n't sell to end users so I have to take it up with Amazon who say it 's past the return date .
 I returned the first one due to crinkling and streching in the material . The replacement was the same . Amazon wisely refunded my purchase and did not send a third .
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! I just installed a pair of Valeos last night -LRB- 12 feb 08 -RRB- for an impending snowstorm , and when I got out the snow this morning , these things chattered and squealed like crazy ! I did n't get one clean swipe at all . And worse , the ice on my windshield started to build up right in the center of the wiper - and my direct line of vision - absolutely blinding me!I 've been driving in the Canadian winters for the past 32 years , and I have NEVER had a worse product on my vehicles !!! I paid $ 35 for the pair , and it was my biggest waste of money EVER ! Utter GARBAGE ! And even though they froze , my summer blades did a better job cleaning my windshield !
 I 'm updating my review . I thought after some break-in they would work better on my 2012 Jeep Grand Cherokee , but the 22 '' blade on the driver 's side just does not make good contact with the windshield and leaves an area that will constantly have water on it during a rain storm right in the middle of the wiper . This makes these wipers unsafe for people that own a 2011-2013 Grand Cherokee . I bought some Valeo 600 series -LRB- bracket style -RRB- and they work perfectly and are almost half the price.The 900 series work better on my Lexus IS300 , but if it is really cold the contact wo n't be perfect either . I 'm going to just go back to buying the cheaper and better Valeo 600s .
 I ordered them for my 1999 Toyota Corolla but they did n't fit . They seem to be for some other model .
 After about a month of slight use , the center portion of the wiper blade dislodged itself . Now there is a section in the middle that does n't clean the windshield . Even before it broke , they were still pretty horrible wipers . There is nothing `` Ultimate '' about these wipers ; stick with the Bosch .
 I will tell you , this is the worst wiper I have bought , it just flew off the vehicle when I was driving @ 40mph in light rain . The little plastic which holds the wiper was broken . You can imagine after the wiper flew off , I had to drive back in that rain by really struggling to see what is in front of me . Please do n't buy this as it is a serious security issue when driving in rain . It just happened to me and I wanted to let everyone know this as I understood how difficult it is to drive if your wiper is broken , when you are 30miles away from your home and when the rain is never stopping .
 I purchased the 24 '' and 18 '' Valeo Ultimates from Amazon about 3 weeks ago . They worked fine at the beginning but now they are useless . The rubber sticks onto the windshield creating lines across the glass . Not only do the lines block your sight , they get the actual blade stuck and it flings to the end of the windshield ! All I here is SQUEAK-BANG-SQUEAK-BANG ... the under portion of the blade vibrates and squeaks across the glass.I decided to try to contact Valeo but it seems that they do n't have customer service . I 've called multiple times and it tells me that there is no one available to answer the phone . It then goes on to tell all the places you can purchase the wiper blades -LRB- just what I want ! -RRB- . Finally it says you can leave a message.If you expect any support , warranty coverage , or a reliable product , look elsewhere .
 does not work on my g35 . The blade does not have a full and even contact with the glass as it only has effectively one point of contact , where it attaches to the arm . The top edge on my car does not clean and leaves about 2 inches . I also wrote a review for 18 '' -LRB- unfortunately I bought both -RRB-
 I bought two of these for my vehicle . The first time we had a sleet storm , the ice built up on them terribly , even though I have great defrosters . They say on the package that they are good for winter blades , but I disagree . When I knocked them on the windshield to dislodge the ice , the mounting clip shattered on one . I sent them an email to request the part since it was only 6 weeks old and received only an `` message received '' email in return . Luckily I had the old blades still in the truck , otherwise I could not have gotten home . I have traditional Bosch blades on there now . Can not recommend them or their customer service .
 I bought 2 of these valeo blades for my Audi A4 , i even checked on their website which particular models would be fitting my vehicle . So after all this research i went ahead and ordered them waiting for an `` ultimate '' quality blade what I got was a pair of so called `` ultimate blades '' with the following results : Installation
 Amazon says this part fits my Mazda , but it does n't work on `` hook type '' wiper arms . There are no adapters at all , so it only fits `` top clip '' types . I usually just buy wiper blades at Walmart , and I 've never seen anything but `` hook type '' , usually with a few adapters that I throw away.These are some OE part . You would be wise to google the part number before buying this item , or you may end up returning it . Despite the error in the description , I was charged a restocking fee to return this.Never again Amazon !
 I bought these for my car , and they worked great for about one month . After that they were terrible , not wiping well at all , just smearing water all over the place.Installation was easy enough , and initially I thought they were good.My old stock $ 5 toyota wiper insert replacements worked MUCH better and cost less.I was so disappointed in these wiper blades that I 'll never use them again.I had to tear these out in the rain and put back my toyota blades at the gas station so I could see !
 The blades look great , worked good for about a month and then started to streak along the window after a month of use . I would not recommend these .
 While wipers operating in rain blade came off arm . Retrieved blade , arm connector had detached from blade , releasing blade rendering it unusable . If you purchase keep your old one !
 Length :
 I used the manufacturer 's website to obtain the model for my 1997 rav4.The passenger side blade did not fit properly -LRB- does it provide full contact with the mirror near the blade end -RRB- . The blades -LRB- both driver and passenger side -RRB- also began streaking within weeks of usage .
 some people say its ugly , i actually think this is a nice look compared to my old wipers that were the same style as oem -LRB- i have a honda cg2 -RRB- but the downside of this product is that it curves and does not match my windshields natural curvature therefore at the end of the wiper it does n't have good contact with the windshield
 Ordered two blades -LRB- 1 26 '' , 1 19 '' -RRB- . The 19 '' blade had a clear manufacturing defect.Based on the low price of the product , I will not waste the time returning.If you are looking for wiper blades , look elsewhere - - or buy them somewhere they are easy to return !
 I went out on a limb and purchased these wiper blades at a premium . It took less than a month before the blade itself slipped out of the metal guide . While the blade can be positioned back into the guide and works great when functional , every week or -LRB- 2 -RRB- I have to fix the same issue . I have used this new style wiper from other brands , and this is the only one that has given me this issue .
 Thought these were going to be great wipers reading the descriptions and reviews . I have a 2009 Dodge Journey . They seemed to be fine at first but now they 're leaving a smear streak at eye level . I tried cleaning them and pushing down on the wiper arm to get a tight attachment to the window . That works for a little while but it soon returns to streaking . They do still freeze up in icy conditions . Ca n't say they 're any better than any other wiper .
 I PUT THE WIPER BLADES ON MY 2002 CHEVY SILVERADO WORKS GREAT IN THE RAIN , THERE IS A CLEAN WIPE . NOT USED YET WITH FROST , SNOW , OR ICE ON WINDSHIELD . THE PART THAT IS NOT GREAT IS THAT THE PASSENGER SIDE WIPER DOES NOT CONTOUR TO THE WINDSHIELD , LEAVING 3 INCHES AT THE BOTTOM RIGHT AND NARROWING DOWN TO 1 INCH AT THE TOP OF WINDSHIELD THAT IT DOES NOT EVEN TOUCH . I SWITCHED THE WIPERS BUT IT MADE NO DIFFERENCE . THESE ARE EXPENSIVE WIPERS , BUT AMAZON HAD THE BEST PRICE . YOU WOULD THINK THEY WOULD FIT PERFECT OR THE MANUFACTURE WOULD SAY NOT FOR THIS MODEL TRUCK . THANKS AMAZON FOR YUOR GREAT PRICES , FREE SHIPPING ON MUST ITEMS , AND NO TAX UNTIL I BELIEVE 2015 WHEN YOU WILL HAVE TO START CHARGING TAX HERE IN TN .
 This product does not work well in rain -LRB- like it should -RRB- and it is even worse in snow . The problem is that the wiper does not bend to the contour of the windshield therefore leaving water and streaks behind . I bought two Michelin wipers from Walmart that do a much better job for only $ 6 each .
 So I decided to pick these up as they were 50 % off and to a normal price . I have had them for several month and they are nothing special . No difference from my old one that from these . Unless they are 50 % off , do not pick them up .
 Length :
 My vehicle takes a 24 '' blade on the driver 's side . The factory blade was 24.5 '' long . The Rain-X Latitude I replaced it with last year was marked as 24 '' and was actually 23.75 '' long . I chose this blade for its good reviews and it does so far perform well but even though it was sealed in a 24 '' marked box , the actual blade is only 22.5 '' long , which leaves a large , unwiped wedge between the two blades . So be warned , and check your sizing . I could 've gotten the 26 '' model and it would probably have been a better fit if they 're all sized short .
 I waited for two months of continual use before writing a review
 I have purchased 4 of these so far . One came Missing a Piece that hold the Wiper Blade in Place and I Lost one . I called and talked with a Customer Service Agent 3 weeks ago . They Were going to rush my out the parts I needed and Rush is normally faster than 3 Weeks . It 's not an Easy Company to get a hold of and Now it 's raining . My Best Plans to be ready for the Seasonal Rains are now failed unless I go purchase Wipers so other place . I 'm not a happy Customer .
 These wiper blades are fantastic ... when they work . The right blade makes full contact with the windshield and works great . The left wiper does not make full contact with the windshield . The blades i previously had on there -LRB- rainx latitude -RRB- did n't have this problem . I 'm quite disappointed with this because I can see the potential of these blades , but unfortunately , they just dont seem to make full contact with the windshield .
 Apparently the engineering team that designed these `` ultra high tech '' blades was not the same one that designed the 5 cent plastic part that holds the blades to the wiper arm , which broke while I was driving in the rain after just a couple of months . Not recommended !
 They are just OK . No better than the cheaper pair I replaced them with . Save your money.They did not last long and I doubt I would purchase them again .
 Installation was easy . Performance is good . But after a few weeks , the wiper started to jump across the windshield rather than slide across smoothly , and this was in pouring rain .
 I have had bad luck with this type of wiper blade . The special curved blade does not work on my car after about a month . I saw the reviews on these wiper blades and decided to try them out . At first , I was really happy with them , until about a month later , they were leaving smears and streaks across my entire windshield . I am going to buy conventional wiper blades again . I hope those work better.Other info : My car is a 2000 honda civic LX .
 I bought two of these wipers in different sizes . This one -LRB- the 26 '' one -RRB- started doing slight streaking from the day it was installed ; I cleaned it repeatedly , but the situation never improved . It passed the last state inspection , but I will not purchase this brand again .
 I ordered two sets of these when Amazon had a special 2 for 1 deal . It took forever for them to arrive as the company apparently did not gear up for the sale . Although placed on the same order , the blades were shipped in two separate boxes ... what a waste of paper and shipping cost ! The installation went well and the product initally performed OK . There was a minor squeeking for the first few weeks until I lubed my windows with Rain-X to get rid of the noise . I 'm thinking that the manufacturer did not actually make these blades to fit my Durango , yet they listed them as a proper fit . The worse part is that these blades were only able to perform for less than a season ... the passenger side wiper began to unfold at the tip , causing bare metal to scratch against my windshield . I would not recommend these blades at any price .
 I bought two of these blades a few months ago , but did not install them untilthe middle of August . After two days and three uses the plastic broke and the wiper fell apart.I will never use this product again .
 These are just ok . Nothing special . They are not worth the extra money they cost . I put these on and the old ones worked better . Save your money .
 I purchased several of the Valeo 900-xx-xx Ultimate Wiper Blades for several difference Mercedes models . This part number 900-22-1B is identified in the Amazon.com Automotive Part Finder as a OEM replacement that fits the 2003 Mercedes C-Class C230 Kompressor sedan . Well , it fits the left side -LRB- driver side -RRB- wiper arm with plenty of clearance around the windshield frame . In fact , the 24 inch version of this Valeo wiper blade actually fits the driver side . The vehicle was delivered new with a 24 inch driver side and 22 inch right side -LRB- passenger side -RRB- wiper blade , although the Amazon.com Automotive Part Finder does NOT provide a part number for a 24 inch blade on the driver side.Here is the hitch ... . The Valeo 900-22-1B DOES NOT FIT the 2003 Mercedes right side -LRB- passenger side -RRB- . I repeat , the Valeo 900-22-1B DOES NOT FIT the 2003 MERCEDES C230 Kompressor as OE replacement . The end caps on the Valeo 900-22-1B are too big and catch under the lip of the Mercedes right side windshield molding . The wiper catches and the results is a rather interesting slap , clap and chatter until is frees itself , then wipes up to the center of the windshield . The return motion to the park position at the bottom of the windshield is fine , but upon the start of the next cycle to the top , a repeat of the slap , clap , chatter continues as the oversized end caps on the Valeo wipers interfere with the windshield molding.I rate the wiper as a `` 2 '' because the wipe quality and clearing quality are superb , but the fit for my vehicle is OFF THE MARK !!! Since in a hast to get a wiper that has a quality wipe , my handy razor blade cut sufficient end cap on an angle to allow for clearance with the windshield molding . Hopefully the cap will hold with my custom modification . There is not a lot of material left to keep the assembly together.Hopefully Valeo makes a 21 inch version in this model and attachment type.Cheers !
 blade difficult to install - broke part - requested replacement-neither manufacturer or vender responded to email - do n't ever buy this-buy bosch-same type of blade
 Purchased both a 26 '' and 16 '' Valeo Ultimate All-Season for my 2007 Scion tc . What a disappointment ! Installation went O.K. but the clips that hold the blade to the arm are rather flimsy and would come loose on the 26 '' blade . Both blades would streak badly and leave several areas of the windshield not wiped or poorly wiped . Terrible blades . Good thing I kept my worn factory blades because they went back on ! Terrible lousy blades ... save your money and look elsewhere .
 I purchased these wipers as a replacement for Bosch Icons and I am unimpressed with both products . Neither wiper lived up to the hype . The Valeo , however , definitely performed worse on my Toyota Highlander than the Bosch . The Valeo started streaking within a month of installation . The Bosch took about three months before it started to streak .
 I thought these were great because they worked great at first , but it was n't long until they started streaking -LRB- just a few months I believe -RRB- . The streaking was very noticeable and annoying .
 Apparently the engineering team that designed these `` ultra high tech '' blades was not the same one that designed the 5 cent plastic part that holds the blades to the wiper arm , which broke while I was driving in the rain after just a couple of months . Not recommended !
 Not much space between rubber edge and frame . May damage glass . Streak left on glass . Not what I thought it would be . Poor quality .
 The product that was delivered for a 1999 4Runner does not fit a 1999 4Runner . Most annoying , however , is that the blades are shipped one blade per box ; i.e. , you have to explicity order two blades to get a pair . I should have read the marketing materials more closely , but it never occurred to me that Amazon would not ship a pair . One wiper blade is like a left shoe without the right . I would have returned it , but the time and effort to return exceeds the price of the single blade . Perhaps my sizing problem was just a rare occurrence , but based on my experience , I ca n't recommend this product.Valeo 900-17-1B All-Season ULTIMATE Wiper Blade - 17 ''
 I have had these wipers for about 4 months on my Jeep Wrangler.Pros
 Although both Amazon and the Valeo website say it will fit but it will not fit a Subaru Tribeca drivers side . This is for 9mm bars -LRB- what MOST cars have -RRB- but the my car has a 12mm bar on the drivers side .
 I bought 2 of these valeo blades for my Audi A4 , i even checked on their website which particular models would be fitting my vehicle . So after all this research i went ahead and ordered them waiting for an `` ultimate '' quality blade what I got was a pair of so called `` ultimate blades '' with the following results : Installation
 Not for a 2009 Murano , the wiper stops an inch shorter on the drivers side and has a higher profile than orignal wipers .
 I bought these wipers for 5 vehicles , 4/5 are broke . The clips snap off the back and the wipers come off the arm . They worked good while they lasted , but at $ 40/pr I would like more than 3 months out of them . I heard the bosche are better built , have n't tried them yet . But these , these are junk .
 Very difficult to install ... going to return them ... do n't waste your money ! The directions are small & confusing ... would never buy again . Valeo schmaleo !
 The wiper will not stay attached to the wiper arm.I was supposed to get the second wiper free , but there was n't anyway I could place the order as such so I deleted the whole order . I was surprised to receive one wiper in the mail . So I thought since I have it I will try it.So I was disappointed with the product and Amazon .
 I have 18 and 22 -LRB- 900-22-1b -RRB- on my Infinity G35 2004 sedan . Valeo wipers work much worse then stock blades . The rubber does not hug the windshield and the top 2 inches of the driver -LRB- and 3 inches -RRB- on the passenger side are not cleaned at all.better off with a regular blade.pro
 I thought these were great because they worked great at first , but it was n't long until they started streaking -LRB- just a few months I believe -RRB- . The streaking was very noticeable and annoying .
 I bought two pairs of these for my 2 cars . They produce a good result . However after about 1 week both of my cars strangely on the same day lost 1 wiper due to breakage . The Clip down part was broken on both accasions . I had to do a quick fix with drilling and tie down zip ties . I am not certain if the interior clip where it clips onto the wiper spindle was perhaps not clipped tightly causing movement upwards and then snapping off the lock mechanism but something strange happened . I have never seen a wiper suddenly break off before . So I ca n't really recommend them !
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 Purchased this for a 2003 F-150 , not the correct part . Even in the paper work it says it 's for a 2002 and lower . And as far as the piece itself its very cheap plastic and feels flimsy .
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 Looking at the product online , it appeared to be adequate for the purpose . But after recieving the Pilot PL330c lights my friends opinions were correct . The mounting bracket is very thin and flimsy , The bracket to light housing bolt is a little to long and tightens up against the light housing . It does n`t take much to knock the lights out of adjustment . Inside the lights the shiny metal piece over the bulbs are not centered and are bent , you can see this easily and they look very cheap !!! Well I just wanted something to fill the holes in the aftermarket bumper cheaply and that ` s just what I got ! . If you can , by a better product and pass on this one , wish I did ...
 I had a Yakima rack for years and it was fine . Did what a rack should do . The high price maybe was worth it , maybe not but that 's up to you . The problem with this expensive system was made clear to me one day when I came out to my car and the rack was gone . Yes , I bought the expensive locks and it was locked . How could it possibly have disappeared ? Turns out these clips are n't really designed to stay on so seriously . Apparently you can just jam a screw driver under the clips and pry them out from the door recess . You 're thinking , but wo n't that scratch up the car quite badly ? Yes . Yes it does . Beware this system . It 's not as secure as Yakima wants you to believe . I 'm just glad there was no expensive bike on it when it left . Getting better mileage now and I do n't have to worry about parking garages !
 Your website was unclear as to how many clips came in the box . For 30 $ I expected . Usable set of 4 clips but instead I had to make a second order and spend twice as much as I expected to eventually mount my rack . Does Yakima think I only need one crossbar on my roof rack ? Anywho , I was less than satisfied . DK
 Give me a break -- WAAAAAAY too expensive ... and never on sale anywhere ... and hard to put together and get on your car without scratching it up .
 I am installing this on a 1997 Chevy Tahoe and the original bumper was in good shape except somebody had dented it one day in a parking lot and the bumper step pads had faded badly -LRB- even after repeated applications of preservatives -RRB- . I take really good care of this truck and decided to replace the bumper with a new one . This Westin bumper seemed like a really good deal.The first thing I noticed is how much lighter this new Westin bumper was compared to the old original bumper . Next thing I noticed is the bow in the bumper from one side to the other , it is not flat . Next is that the Step Pads do not fit as well as the oem , one side sticks out too far . And the center plastic step pad pops out really easy , I 'm going to have to add some RTV adhesive to help hold it in place.The worst problem though was that the bumper mounting bolt holes did not line up with the truck frame holes causing the bumper to sit to high and prevent the rear doors from opening . I had to open up the holes on the truck frame with a carbide cutter . After fixing the bolt holes , the bumper installed without any further problems . I also sprayed the back side of the bumper with clear paint to hopefully slow down any possible rusting.If you are willing to accept that this bumper is not going to be as good as an oem bumper and that you might have to hammer and file to make it fit , then it could be considered a good value . It does come with new license plate lights , clips , harness and bulbs . It also comes with new mounting hardware but I elected to use the oem bolts/nuts . One problem with the replacement license plate lights harness is that it does not come with a connector , instead it has two splices . I had to use this new license plate harness because I could n't get the old bulbs out of their sockets . I wonder who the idiot was that designed a bulb socket that makes the bulb replacement impossible . But the problem with the replacement harness is that the splices are not waterproof and if you use them as is , it wo n't be long before they are corroded . You will either have to use waterproof splices , waterproof heatshrink tubing or fill the splices full of grease . I used marine waterproof heatshrink tubing over the splices to protect the connections .
 I was looking forward to saving money with this item . Being able to recharge alkaline batteries would have saved me a great deal of money . Every alkaline battery I charged worked for a short time but would then leak.Cost me a very nice 35mm digital camera . As well as 2 battery operated tooth brushes . Too the cover lid will not stay closed . Stay away .
 After 4 years of low mileage use of this pump , the bearing went out and all my coolant got dumped . Now I am back on Amazon shopping for a replacement from any company but this one .
 The package includes a filter but the picture is MISLEADING ! Even though there is no mention of a gasket or the lack there of ; One would assume that the filter would include a gasket . Attached to the top of the filter a piece of paper reads `` NOTE
 Make sure to measure your clearance in your auto . I could not use the blind spot mirror in my sedan as the rear view mirror was to close to the roof .
 I was very disappointed and unhappy with this product . It does not provide any better visiblity and for me it actually hindered visiblity because of the awkward shape and curve to the mirror . I would not recommend this product to someone trying to see thier baby in the back seat either simply bc it does n't work .
 I have been buying from Amazon almost as long as there has been an Amazon . I have purchased hundreds of items and spent thousands of dollars . I have never been disappointed with anything from Amazon until now . This model was described as die cast.I am also a collector of die cast vehicles , when most manufacturers say `` die cast '' they mean mostly metal . The only metal on this model were the screws that hold it to the stand . Besides the lack of any metal parts , some of the plastic pieces which were chromed have the chrome partially off . Some of the glued on some pieces can be seen and some assemblies such as the blower are loose.There were other engine models I have thought about buying , not anymore ! Be sure if it says `` die cast '' , it is `` die cast ''
 Product is not as pictured . Does not fit our toyota tacoma 96 that has a seat exactly like the picture . When it came we were disappointed to find that it came with covers to fit 2 single seats and 4 head rest covers . The quality was also poor , I have better quality seats covers for my Subaru which i got at target for 26 bucks . I hate writing bad reviews , but this item is just not as pictured .
 Just received two of these . Yes , how dumb of me to buy two not knowing much about it . The quality of the casing is really poor . The plastic is very flimsy feeling . The labels were all half-way peeled off upon opening the box . They show signs of just simply being really old.The instructions are written in many languages which is fine , but there are things they fail to tell you . I also ordered the Juice AA 4 pack and 2 of the batteries arrived dead . The charger blinks red with those batteries , but the instructions do not even bother telling you what a blinking red light means.If you go to the juicebattery website , they do not mention this product anywhere . Not even when you search for it . A good chance this is a fly-by discontinued product . The company themselves have not responded to by blinking light question for 3 days now.As with many things , made in CHINA!I got a few more days yet before I need to return them via Amazon 's return policy which as we all know , ROCKS !
 The charger supports various formats of batteries and gets them charged , eventually ;-RRB- It would be nice if the charging worked quicker , but other than that it is a decent product .
 The print is fading and the adhesive is letting go and it 's been on my truck for only two months .
 The shipping on this item is rediculously high . If you order both sides , they charge shipping of $ 12.99 for each part . Stupid ! That 's why I 'll never know what the part is like . I 'll never buy it . I ca n't imagine anyone in their right mind would either .
 I spent the extra money to get an american made AC Delco product for my 1969 Camaro . Instead I recieved a POS made in India.The sellers need to put this information in the product discription.ACDelco D1756 Relay Assembly
 I entered my year/make/model -LRB- 97 Civic -RRB- and this item came up . I confirmed that it would fit by using Amazon 's `` make sure it fits '' feature . It did n't fit . The large end was visibly too small , and no amount of shoving , twisting , pushing , and cajoling would get the thing on . So in the middle of my repair I had to run to the dealer and get the OEM , which fit with no problem . Complete waste of money .
 We were given these as a gift . They are pretty small and the `` First Years '' logo on the outside is huge . There are probably better products that wo n't make your car feel like a moving billboard .
 I was disappointed in the purchase . At first , I thought what great deal to have two for such a great price . Installing the screen was a different matter . I have larger windows in the back and it does n't cover the entire window . Also because of a slight curvature in the window - the suction cup does n't stick to the window on the bottom . The velco on the bottom is not an option for me . It still hangs there , but will need to find a better solution when he is no longer in his infant carrier with the canopy to cover from the sun .
 i got these and thought they would be pretty good . well i had them for 2 weeks and they broke . they are poorly made and would not reccomend . i got better use out of the cheapy ones at walmart they have lasted longer .
 I did not realize the battery would be shipped `` dry '' . I called the company and and they told me to go to Batteries Plus and have them fill it . I understand they can not ship the hazardous material but it cost another $ 15 ... Next time I will go to Batteries Plus and buy the battery .
 Take a long look at the picture . The boards stick way off the mount . They scrape in almost every turn . Also , the bolts tend to back out . Do yourself a favor and buy the cobra boards .
 This does not fit a 2005 V6 like the add says . The correct part number for the 2005 V6 Mustang is 575-2566 . Feel free to call K & N direct to confirm . 1-800-858-3333 . On line add : Compatibility ChartMake Model Year Engine NotesFord Mustang 2005 4.0 L V6 High Performance Air Filter KitFord Mustang 2005 4.6 L V8 High Performance Air Filter Kit
 This product fit my engine , but did n't fit the frame of my car . Only one of the two mounting points worked for me ; which meant that it flopped around inside the engine compartment . Perhaps it was designed for the shortened LX platform -LRB- Challenger -RRB- since it is considered sportier than my 300C ? I 've been repairing / building cars for the last 40 years -LRB- I built a `` rail '' -LRB- dragster -RRB- from the ground up at age 15 -RRB- . I 've found that some performance products do n't always do what is claimed . As for this CAI 's claimed horsepower gain , my controlled 0-60 mph performance test showed no improvement . During an Internet search I found `` CAI Performance Challenge Tests '' published on the LX Forum web site . The tests were financed / performed by a consortium of LX owners . Those tests proved that you could obtain just as much performance from the original OEM air cleaner and air box as with any after-market CAI system.I 've met people who erroneously feel more engine power when subjected to more noise . They would love this CAI as the stock 300C sound box gets disconnected when you install the CAI -LRB- the `` sound box '' connects directly to the stock air cleaner assembly to muffle the air intake growl that 's typical with large V8 engines -RRB- . I did n't like the growl as it let everyone else know when you were at wide open throttle and thus had no more oomph to give . It is also loud and startling enough to alert every cop on a coffee break within 3 blocks to chase after you for `` going for it . '' It totally drowned out the throaty rumble of my $ 1400 Corsa exhaust system.I do n't believe that the manufacturer outright lied about improved performance , but instead used pragmatic rationale . I 'll relate the rationale I 've seen used by other performance vendors to a CAI . No one would ever pay for a new air cleaner and then decide the very next day , `` I 'm going to buy a K&N ; CAI today . '' No , probably only after their OEM air cleaner was downright dirty and clogged and needed replacement ; would they then justify the expense of a CAI . Thus , the manufacturer tests the efficiency of their new CAI to the typically old dirty , clogged air cleaner that the customer is replacing . With this situation , performance gains can be achieved . Another tactic is to find the one vehicle type where a CAI does make an improvement , and then publish that number for every other vehicle that they adapt to .
 I really wanted to like this solution , who can say no to rolling down your window ? I purchased the Lionheart because I read a review from another website that stated -LRB- incorrectly -RRB- that these shades were NOT folded and were in fact rolled to help with the application . Well this is incorrect . Another problem is the static/installation squeegee device . It is made of a hard plastic and it scratches the shade horribly . I also think that if it came with some sort of magic liquid like the protectors for phones/ipads that it would help keep the bubbles down and help it to adhere to the window better . I also agree with a previous poster that you should take some caution the first few times you try to change lanes or merge , it takes some getting use to .
 I had to send that to K&N for a refund . It says it will fit a 2003 5.3 v8 but it will not . Not enough cleanance between the fan and the goose neck of the new filter kit . K&N said not to use it .
 I would n't recomend a quick steer ratio gear to anyone!You can not parralle park ! It doese n't come back to center after you turn a corner even after I ajusted it and I feel the seller did nothing to help me on the return only to say what will I do with a used gear ? Answer ! SEND it back to the shop that put it together !!! Also the shaft was NOT the same as the picture showed and I had a loud squeak in the dash on every bump !
 I recieved my order about one week and a half ago . The front mats that I ordered were the correct size and fit perfectly in my car . The rear mats however . were the wrong size from what was described in the order . I recieved mats for a 7 series BMW but the order stated that it was for a 5 series E60 Model which technically fits any 5 Series . I Contacted the seller to let them know the issue with the order the same day that i recieved the package and i have yet to recieve a response to getting my item exchanged and have my return shipping credited . . WORST EVER . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER
 We bought two dashmats on Amazon for two different cars . The other one was so badly done we had to send it back . This one only had one flaw , a silly 1 `` x6 '' flap that was mis-sewn and hung wrong . No matter how long you let it sit , it would never look right . We folded it under and now the dashmat looks ok . Maybe cut it off someday and resew the piping to make it look like a professional job.As I 've said in another review , Dashmat products we ordered on Amazon do n't seem to be the quality they once were . I 'm looking at other brands from now on .
 I am beyond disapointment with this product . It 's a great concept but the design is flawed to the inth degree because it leaks from almost every connection . Upon inspection I discovered that my unit did not have washers at every connection . The least the folks at Whirly wash could do is supply replacement washers for the unit and solve the problem , does anyone have a customer service number?Contact for whirly wash is Gary Devroy garyd@trillww.com for washers for this unit . Hope this helps !!
 Ooops I did it again . Believed another infomercial . From the beginning had problems . While washing my car , or rv , the attachment brush kept leaking water out , and kept coming off . Very disappointed , just sitting in my garage . Will never use again .
 The worst product I ever bought . Nothing worked as advertised water leaked from every fitting and the brush broke the third time we used it . Do n't wast your time or money .
 WhirlyWash TWI-9001 Water-Powered Cleaning SystemThe soap dispenser broke the very first time I appempted to use it . The brush has far too few bristles . The spinning brush is pathetic . It stops rotating when the slightest amount of pressure is applied . I used it once . I am disposing of it in an enviromentally friendly fashion . Save your money .
 I bought this in March to wash my car and boat . I finally tried it out last Sunday , it leaked from the soap dispenser and from where the head screws onto the arm immediately after turning water on . I shut off water , disassembled and reassembled making sure gaskets were in place , and then tried again . It continued to spray a large stream sideways from both joints . Finally , the head fell off and the cheap looking plastic screw that held it together split in half . Of course , it is too late to return , so now I have a $ 25 piece of plastic sitting in my garage . I 'll sell it to you cheap if you want one of these ! Seriously , save your cash .
 This washer is worthless to use on a car , scatches the heck out of it because there are not enough brisles on it , works ok on house siding though
 Very disapointed . It did the job but leaked terribly at the joints . I tried adding multiple washers at the joints and it did not help . The soap dispenser leaked teribbly also . Wo n't buy another . I would ask for my money back but I did use it .
 Got this on Friday 2/4/2011 - attempted to use it 3 days later -LRB- 2/7/2011 -RRB- . Thought is was a good thing to use to get some of the snow dirt and salt off of my truck , did n't expect it to be anything great , but I did expect it to work . The soap dispenser totally exploded the minute I turned it on , spraying water in my face on a 42 degree day - Great ! The brush is cheaply made , bristles were left on the vehicle and makes a loud noise . I was totally embarrased when my neighbor heard the sound and came over to investigate my new gadget - it made for a good laugh . Should have read the reviews before buying it . Save your money this thing is a JOKE !! Nice video , poor product.Sharon _ MarylandFeb . 2011
 I 've seen these advertised on TV , and my son was looking forward to it making his car-washing chore easier , but the unit is poorly made , and does n't deliver enough pressure to adequately wash a car . Additionally , the plastic joints did n't fit well , and it leaked like a sieve.I returned it . Thanks for your awesome return policy , Amazon !
 I bought this product and used it when it arrived . The soap/water/off switch broke . I tried to deal with the seller and had no luck . Amazon refunded my cost because of the A-Z gaurentee .
 I purchased this product a couple of weeks ago and thought it would be a good way to keep our cars clean without having to go out to the local car wash . I am very disappointed with the this product . After connecting it for use and adding car wash soap to the container , all connection areas leaked . I shut down the water pressure to the wand to check for missing washers etc. . All were present in the right areas . The soap dispenses in about 5 seconds , no where near enough time to wash a vehicle . I tried adjusting the unit to make it half way workable but to no avail . The concept is good but the product is junk . Ergonomically it is horrible .
 When I received this product one piece was broken . I phoned them and they sent a replacement part right away . It worked great for one wash of my truck and then the same piece that was replaced cracked and was leaking so that more water sprayed on me then my truck . It is a good idea just built so badly that it 's junk !
 Have yet to install.Have yet to install.Have yet to install.Have yet to install.Have yet to install.Have yet to install . Not able to rate it yet .
 I thought this was a great deal on a box of these disks ... looking at the $ 100 + suggested retail price . I got ONE disk , and the shipping cost more than the disk itself , which would not have been bad if it was a BOX of disks , but for one , I would have been better off going to a local body shop , or buying several at once .
 Nice at first but maybe a month later just looks like a white ball not a baseball!red wears off and hard to tryto put the seams back on . Not worht the money
 Purchased a set of the Valeo Ultimate blades for the Town and Country . Thought the frameless would improve the winter and summer performance over the really cheap framed blades on the van when we purchased it used . Nope , much worse , just as streaky , even after multiple cleanings of the windshield and blade element rubber . Cover for the hooks also popped loose constantly , did not harm anything but I found it distracting when driving at highway speeds . Also noted that the large lip , the spring steel holding the rubber in place gets snow and ice built up under it very quickly pushing the rubber off of the windshield . Also had the not so great experience of getting tree sap on the windshield , and watching the rubber pull out of the steel as it twisted , causing me to put the used blade back on . Good thing I saved it . Moral of the story is that frameless blades are not good for winter use , at least not for longer blades . Save your money and buy what works instead of the new way in this case .
 It looks pretty racy , but it would not fit on a standard Taurus steering wheel . It 's in the trunk , waiting to be thrown out .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 For what I used this on , it is junk . Metal is so cheap , and the taper is non-existant . For auto fuel lines , go with the cheap plastic inserts . They work much better . This ... not so much.This tool is a combo , and do to that , it makes it hard to get into tight places ... like on top of a fuel tank . It also is a pain -LRB- litterally -RRB- because you must sqeeze it to keep it together , and then push forward rather hard . I would stay away !
 THEY SELLING DUPLICATE PRODUCT . NOW THEY DO N'T WANT TO REFUND MY MONEY EVEN THOUGH I RETURN THE PRODUCT . THIS WAS MY FIRST PURCHASE FROM AMAZON AND IT IS WORST EXPERIENCE .
 I hate to throw rocks at such a simple thing as a bondo file , but this thing is a piece of crap . 3M was once a mighty fine company , but over the past 20 years they have been all about big business . They buy companies like bondo , accuspray , dynatron , etc. . and destroy them . But back to the file ... it 's made in china and nothing like the ones that we used to get from the paint store . Cheap cheap cheap . Please , 3M , stop selling out your heritage .
 I have gone to The Century website and requested a source for a replacement Bellows Flush Pump , mine is deteriorated from sunlight , and I have never received a reply ! I think a month is a fair amount of time for a reply from a reputable company .
 Leaked from two places on first use - Around the latch from the upper water reservoir and around rubber seals . Unfortunately warranty expired . Terrible product , do n't buy .
 This is the worst portable toilet I have ever owned . It has a problem with leaking and the flush handle pulls very hard . I have to keep a towel under the toilet at all times because I never know when it is going to leak on my floor in my Man Cave . Would not recommend this toilet to anyone . I very sorry I ever purchased it . I have to keep it because I can not afford to buy another one . I have sent the company Century Camping a email and I 'm waiting to see what they do to correct this problem . Will change my review if they do something about my complaint .
 Received the Century 6210 Portable Toilet today 1/13/2013 , pleased with the fast shipping . Box had damage , but everything ok inside . I bought this for our Aliner popup camper , and if the toilet was the size they stated in the listing it would be perfect , BUT , it was 16.5 '' high , not 14.5 '' high as they stated . Wo n't fit in the compartment I had planned to store it in , and I ca n't modify the area for it to fit ... . Have n't decided what to do yet . As everyone knows , its a pain to ship stuff back to a seller.UPDATE 1/14/2013 : Decided to return Toilet for my above reason .
 I have owned this model for 1 year . I have used it on 2 separate week long trips in my RV . Initially , I was very pleased with the design , it is sanitary and easy to clean , it does not get smelly . However , I just pulled it out to use for the third time and the water tank has sprung 2 leaks right where the latches on either side attach . I am going to try patching it with caulk , but I feel this product should have had considerably more life in it .
 I purchased this Portable Toilet in July 2010 for use in Sept. 2010 when we traveled . It is for emergency only and used very little . In May of 2011 when we were on the road again , we noticed wetness around the portable toilet , thinking we had spilled water when filling it , we used it . This portable toilet is in our van , on carpet , not out in the elements . When we added the sanitizer liquid which is blue in color did we see the large stain . The Carpet ruined . It took some time to find the leak , two 1 inch cracks on the bottom tank in a `` most unlikely area '' . When holding the tank to the light it is very visible and one can see the lousy workmanship of the cheap plastic molding , thin on one side , thicker on the other . Of course this Portable toilet was made in China . For $ 93.89 dollars it is not worth it and cost us even more due to the damage to the rug . To bad it took us 3 trips to figure out where the leak was coming from .
 It 's a toilet . One of the simplest machines known to man . They are all the same . This one however , arrived with a cracked cap on the waste tank . Sure , I found out the hard way . Anyway , I emailed the company via their web site . After getting no response for almost a month , I called the 800 number , and was greeted by one of the least interested to help agents I 've ever encountered . I explained the problem , and what I had done , and her response was , `` Well , we need proof of purchase '' . So she gave me an email address , which I emailed along with my receipt and surprise , surprise , no response .
 Hello , I 'm confused with this product . Generally must be 2 horns low and high , however you shipped only one Low . Why ?
 Bags seem a little stiff , not as soft as you would think . Already showing some signs of age ... not weather related , just drying out . Straps are already coming apart ... very thin material ... not very well made . Manufacturer has a two year warrenty ... do n't think they will make it .
 I bought these at the beginning of the summer . 3 of the four plastic buckles have already broken . The last one broke before not long after that .
 Product discription states 30 each size for the Heli-Coil inserts , I got 30 total , only 6 for each length of insert . Now the company says it was not there mistake so I am stuck with a product that I got screwed paying $ 40.00 more than I could have bought it for in my own home town . This is what happens when you buy something on Amazon.com. , no one is responsible for anything , and the buyer ends up taking it in the shorts . People beware what you purchase on Amazon.com. , and remember if you get screwed thats just to bad for you .
 When I received the Putco chrome trim I was pleased that it came as a two piece set
 This J-B Weld 8272 Marine Weld is not a product worth buying ! I had small cracks at the bottom of my bathroom sink which was leaking water . I mixed the tubes -LRB- all of each tube -RRB- together and applied the mixture with gloved hands . I waited 48 hours to cure and tested the faucets full force ... no detectable leakage , BUT , after a few days a use , water leaking through this epoxy ... very disappointed !
 I purchased this from a local parts vendor for a few bucks less and in two short weeks one of the eyes quit working and then a few days later , one of the red eye lenses fell out . Overall it is a nice hefty piece of cast metal with thick chrome plating . The mounting tube is plastic but it works ok . My complaint is that the eyes got all screwy on me . I get stuck with it because the vendor discontinued it and would only replace with the same item . I gave it a two bewcause it just did n't work right .
 I have gotten this product several times and always loved it . The hitch mount was always plastic , but the skull itself was chromed metal , heavy , solid , indestructible . In fact , I liked the skull so much that I built my own hitch mount piece from steel for it . One that I 've had for years burned out an electrical connection , so I ordered a replacement ... imagine my surprise that NOW THE SKULL ITSELF IS ABS PLASTIC . Same chromed appearance , but probably weighs 8 oz instead of 5 lbs . Surely going to scratch and scuff now . I do n't know what product genius decided to replace a metal skull with a plastic one and leave the description and price the same ... But it FOR SURE should now be $ 10 instead of $ 25 !!! I recommend looking for one of the old ones in a Wal Mart or somewhere that you can inspect it in person ... And I hope Amazon fixes the description , which is accurate for the old model , but now is not .
 H1 bulbs are for the most part easy to replace . In the case of my vehicle , it can be done without removing other parts only if you have small hands . In other words it is not fun . These were ordered to replace a previous brand that only lasted one year . It was shocking to find each bulb came in a box with no packing material to secure it . The bulb was free to rattle around in the box . Installed them anyway and within a week , one stopped working . An inspection revealed the bulb would flicker on and off when the connecting wire was moved . A check of the wire proved it was OK . The bulb was switched to the other lamp with the same results . A return to the factory was requested , and here is the gotcha , they required the return merchandise be packed securely . That was easy it only takes a little bubble wrap . A warranty return requires you pay the outgoing postage and send them money for the return package . The service was fast but their packing was the same , the bulbs wandered about in the box all the way from who knows where . These were installed and if the poor fit of the bayonet lug -LRB- the lug is too thin -RRB- to the vehicle wiring is any indication I doubt these will last very long . When they fail , there will be no return to the factory even if it is within the 10 year warranty period , why invest the postage and handling fees in something that is inferior ?
 UpDate Follows below/Well , ever since I purchased this unit , I find it not very helpful.Little did I know when it showed up 2 years ago that it does not display in real time what it 's doing other than the AMP mode you picked.If it does n't like the battery you hooked up , it just quits and gives you a code you need to solve by looking at the list of codes on the rear panel . Usually , it says replace the battery.Using a different charger , and the same battery does fine.In de-sulphate mode , all you get is rotating led 's . You have no idea what it 's up to.You may find it 's still in this mode for days , so you have no proof it 's performing anything.No voltage is displayed at any time in any mode.Now the bad news.I used this unit less then 10 times . If all you get is ` FULL ' , well then it should be charged.You need to verify with meter if you want the facts . But some people care less about details , or why anything works . As long as the results are worthy . Like I said , it can charge batteries.But it never got that far , and yesterday in less than 20 seconds attached to battery , it 's life came to an end . Hooked up to a 12 volt deep cycle battery and switching through the modes , and battery roughly at about 50 % from sitting over winter , the charger let off a sharp pop , a quick flash followed by puff of smoke that came out through the fan vent and then it quickly died.No idea why it died so suddenly . Obviously no excuse . The clamps are always politically correct , but quickly had to remove the unit , and set it outside so not to contaminate all the air in the shop . You never what to know what that smoke is like to smell . Sorry New York , but the wind was going that way.After 40 years of servicing batteries , I feel I gave it more stars than it deserves.I have 3 others , but they do n't have the name Vector on the label . Thanks ' China.Schumacher makes a nice unit with display showing percentage of charge and voltage in real time , and he had no issues taking over where old smokey gave up.Feb 13 09UpDate/Well , I found the original box , and called the service warranty dept , and they had me send it in.I really did n't expect much more than , Your right , it did blow up.To My surprise , I was sent out a new version and so far we 're happy.I still want true voltage gauge , and will add one .
 I have had the charger for about three years , and I hate it . It works great if your battery is just low and needs recharged , and the 100 amp start feature works very well . If the battery is nearly or completely discharged , though , forget it . You will get an error code -LRB- which you have to look up -RRB- telling you the battery is no good , and the charger shuts itself off . Or you will get a message that the battery is fully charged , and the charger will shut itself off . You can hook up another charger to partially charge the battery , and this charger will recognize that the battery is good after all and will finish charging it . If you have to have another charger to start the charge , then why do you need this one to finish it ? Smart charge ? Not in my opinion ! I have not had any problem with the clamps breaking . They are pretty much a real pain when trying to hook to a side terminal battery , but they are pretty sturdy .
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 it was at $ 18.64 but maybe because they just have 1 more left in stock , they raised it to $ 47.70 , it caused me a problem with my country taxes 'cause they did n't figured it out from where i bought the product at 18.64
 Installed this starter and 3 days later was stranded 35 miles from home . Had to go get a rebuilt at Pep Boys which was fine . This `` NEW '' starter turned slow right from the start and arced like crazy inside the motor . So much for that $ 165 . Worst part , since there was no core required I did n't save the original and the Pep Boys starter has a $ 100 core charge . So no matter how you look at it , I 'm out $ 100 . Thanks Bosch !
 Though I can not speak of quality , I can say a word about fitment . It does NOT fit.The OEM belt is double-sided , and this one has groves only one one side , like most belts are . Due to this , I could not use it and had to return . Unfortunately `` OEM Quality '' sometimes means `` Try your luck '' and not equivalent to OEM spec .
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 These are the thinnest gloves I 've ever seen . I think saran wrap is thicker ! I should have listen to the other reviews .
 About half of the gloves have holes in the before you even put them on , which of course means once you wear them , the holes stretch and pretty much make them useless . If they are not ripped already , they soon will be , definitely not mechanic gloves , way too thin and cheap . Lowest quality latex gloves I have ever used .
 I 'm not a fan of these gloves . The arrive in the box all stuck together and when you try to open them , so that you can put you hand in them , they rip ! I think out of 100 of them I 've ripped like 10 of them just trying to open them up . Also they do n't last any longer than any other normal gloves that do not try to sell you on being tough . Do n't waste your money and just get the regular gloves .
 I do not recommend this charger -- it does n't have any sort of mechanism to keep it plugged into the phone , so it 's constantly falling out if the phone gets moved at all . This is not convenient , especially for users that are talking on the phone and driving at the same time .
 I thought this price was too good to be true . The title of `` Handspring Treo 650/755P Car Battery Charger / Adapter '' , the link to `` Other products by Handspring '' , the picture displayed all implied that this was an authentic adapter by the real company.What got shipped to me was a cheap clone which did n't look at all like the picture , has a short , thin cord , and feels like it 's going to fall apart in a couple months just like the other cheap clone Treo car chargers I have purchased in the past .
 SENT THE WRONG ONE-RETURNED IT - FOUND IT CHEAPER AT A DIFFERENT WEB SITE-GOT THE SAME BRAND -LRB- DASHMAT -RRB- OTHER SITE WORKS GREAT NO PROBLEMS
 I ordered one of these for my subaru - did n't even come CLOSE to fitting properly . It 's the usual cheap automotive grade carpet as well . Avoid and get something you can see in person and make sure fits .
 Out of the twenty or so I 've used so far , a large portion of them were so compressed that each glove is stuck fast together . Meaning you really have to work just to get them open so you can stick your hand in . It 's time consuming and frustrating , to the point where I 'm tossing stuck ones instead of using them . Those that do work , work fine ; they seem fairly resistant to my pet peeve with these style gloves - the fingertips tearing off . I think if they had just packed them into a larger box , they would n't have had this problem and I would 've rated them better . But my next box will not be these .
 This is the 3rd box of these gloves I 've purchased . The quality has tanked !! I used nearly half the box replacing a water pump.I 'll bet they make a lot more money , but the product now stinks !!!
 I bought these gloves to be used specifically for what they 're made for
 Gloves we ok once you get them on . Too many tore at the wrist when putting on , or were so compressed that you could n't get the things on . I 've had several boxes of Advanced Tool Design Model ATD-6998 and they are much better quality .
 This product is undoubtedly the WORST product ever received . The first three gloves tore when putting them on , the next got on by putting powder inside , but tore upon removal . Looking at the next one before even trying to put it on holes were obvious between the fingers . As these gloves are obviously rotten how are they supposed to protect my hands from anything ? I do n't suppose I can even return them as the box is opened , so will just have to eat the price and look elsewhere for a product that will hopefully give me some relief . 11-20-08
 These gloves are horrible . The fingertips tips split open after little use and several have split open on the side . It takes three or four pair to get though most tasks . They fit me properly and I 'm using them for light duty work
 These gloves are terrible they tear if you touch them , i would n't recommend them to anyone . Do n't waste your money , if it were n't so much of a hassle i 'd send them back .
 First off I have n't used any other nitrile gloves to compare to so keep that in mind when reading.I completely rebuilt our families bicycles -LRB- 4 bikes -RRB- every piece was cleaned , polished and lubed . I went thru almost a whole box with 3 bikes . I would be working and after a while I noticed a tear somewhere and I had n't been working with any sharp edges . Once in a while , guessing 1 out of 10 would actually last the way I would expect.Solvent was mineral spirits and I relubed with MagicLube which is rated for incidental contact as a food equipment lube . Nothing strong there . As one tore I just removed it and put another on - was able to keep my hands clean so they did they 're job I suppose . At about 13 cents apiece I would expect more.These just seemed to tear way too easily to be considered mechanic grade . I am looking at other brands for replacement .
 Do not buy these bottles . Straight out the pack 4 of them did n't work and within a week the other two that did work stopped working . They are poorly made and a waste of money if I could have given it zero stars I would , since it is not even worth one star .
 I wrote that these bottles were `` as advertised '' after using one , one time , when I first got them . Did not actualy test them.After slowly going back to them , here & there , I say '' waste of money '' !!! None of them lasted more than a half hour , going around spraying round up on my driveway .
 I 'm not a user of these headlamp bulbs , but as another driver encountering these headlamps on the road , they are like piercing laser beams . If you want to see better , use the standard headlamps , save $ $ , and USE HIGH BEAMS only when necessary . ThanX .
 Having grown up in a gas stations , service shops and the race tracks in the Midwest and west coast I have never seen anything as crude , unprofessional and amateurish as these head lights . Never in over 40 years as an active car enthusiast have I seen the low quality that was used to produce these lights . I have probably changed 500 headlights in my life time and never once did I see one with glue all around the lens . It looks like they were recycled and poorly at that . There are buff scars all over the lenses , glue globs all over the lenses and as questionable as the manufacturing I have no faith in performance or duty life . It these were $ 2.00 lights on one of the auction sites I would expect the workmanship , not full price , name brand and a reputable brand at that . Not impressed , bet they do n't last a month ...
 Other places list this as a TIRE & Bumper brush . It is very stiff . I wo n't be using it on my wheels for fear of scratching them . Unfortunately , I ca n't find this product and a description on Carrand 's website , so I ca n't find the official information on the proper uses for this brush .
 Just installed these on my 2001 Jeep Cherokee that had factory equipped daytime running lights . These lights do not work in that mode . Already chucked my old lights so I guess I 'm stuck with these ones .
 It would have been fine but they sent me the wrong one after they had me fil out all the stufe
 The threads that hold the head on to the handle were stripped and the head came off the first time I used this . It can not be repaired . I 'd return it but I 'm not wasting any more of my time and money on this . I would not recommend .
 The rubber is hard , so it does n't flex well around edges . I feel like I 'm scratching the paint as well , because of the hard rubber . In the future I will purchase a Pilot water blade .
 So i purchased this stuff to clean carpet stains in my car . It worked so well that i started wondering what the hell is in there ... I downloaded MSDS -LRB- Material Safety Data Sheet -RRB- file for this product from bluemagic web site and freaked out . . ! Active ingredient in this cleaner is 2-Butoxyethanol - a known harmful chemical which when tested on animals produced reproductive problems , such as reduced fertility , death of embryos and birth defects . In addition to inhaling 2-butoxyethanol vapor , research has shown that skin can also absorb 2-butoxyethanol vapor from the air , making skin a major pathway of exposure to this chemical . It has been linked to some autoimmune diseases such as chronic fatigue syndrome and autism and some forms of anemia.In fact , employers are required by United States federal law to inform employees when they are working with this substance and I as a consumer who just purchased this product have no idea that it is even in there !! Why did BlueMagic not put a warning on the label telling us that it has such a harmful ingredient ??? If you use this in your car , imagine driving every day and inhaling this stuff ... every day !??!! What if you have kids in your car every day ?? Now i have to figure out how to completely remove this stuff from my carpets . I will try alcohol extraction and will keep windows in my car rolled down for a couple of days . Hopefully that will help remove some of it .
 it is not worth the moneycarbonated water works betterIt did not work pet stains new or oldDoes not work on coke stains
 Never received it . The seller never sent the item and screwed me out of the $ $ $ . Looks like a great item though
 I am an avid vehicle detailer and have always taken the very best care of any vehicle I 've owned.This Wash Brush is by far and away the very worst product I have ever used ! The handle does not stay on tight to the hose , the extension easily loosens and the brush turn like having a mind of its ` own . Do n't even think of buying one of these . Its ' a waste of money and nothing but a piece of JUNK !!!!
 THEY CAN NOT SEND THE PROPER PART ORDERED IT TWICE AND RECIEVED THE WRONG PART TWICE . -LRB- HAD TO PAY TO HAVE IT RETURNED TWICE -RRB-
 I got these boots 22 months ago and used them for taking the MSF course . I did n't wear them again until 16 months ago when I bought my first bike and started riding . By 9,000 miles , 7 months ago , they seemed to be holding up except that a pencil-sized hole formed in the leather at a wrinkle spot adjacent to the left boot 's velcro flap . It leaks a little in heavy rain , but I could live with that . Within a month of noticing the hole I saw that the stitching holding the velcro to the boot 's plastic shell was failing and the velcro was peeling off the boot . I could live with that.Then one month ago , at 13,900 miles , the zipper handle broke off and left my foot stuck in the boot . It took some doing to get my foot out . I was able to work the zipper to the open position so that I can still use the boot , relying on only the velcro to hold it onto my foot . At that point I emailed Teknic to see if anything was covered under warranty . I certainly expected these boots to hold up better than this . They 've only been in the rain maybe a dozen times and never off road . I never heard back from Teknic . I tried contacting where I bought them but no joy there , either.Just yesterday the spring fell out of one of the boot adjusting strap latches and now it 's hit or miss if it will adjust . These boots are falling apart at 14,000 miles and 16 months . I expected much better from a $ 300 set of boots . If Teknic ever responds I 'll update here , but I 'm not expecting it.Edit
 I got these boots 22 months ago and used them for taking the MSF course . I did n't wear them again until 16 months ago when I bought my first bike and started riding . By 9,000 miles , 7 months ago , they seemed to be holding up except that a pencil-sized hole formed in the leather at a wrinkle spot adjacent to the left boot 's velcro flap . It leaks a little in heavy rain , but I could live with that . Within a month of noticing the hole I saw that the stitching holding the velcro to the boot 's plastic shell was failing and the velcro was peeling off the boot . I could live with that.Then one month ago , at 13,900 miles , the zipper handle broke off and left my foot stuck in the boot . It took some doing to get my foot out . I was able to work the zipper to the open position so that I can still use the boot , relying on only the velcro to hold it onto my foot . At that point I emailed Teknic to see if anything was covered under warranty . I certainly expected these boots to hold up better than this . They 've only been in the rain maybe a dozen times and never off road . I never heard back from Teknic . I tried contacting where I bought them but no joy there , either.Just yesterday the spring fell out of one of the boot adjusting strap latches and now it 's hit or miss if it will adjust . These boots are falling apart at 14,000 miles and 16 months . I expected much better from a $ 300 set of boots . If Teknic ever responds I 'll update here , but I 'm not expecting it.Edit
 This is of course a completely new product , but the one I happened to receive was defective and did not function right from the beginning . It was determined that spacing was not the issue , as the starter motor still did not function , even when removed from the car . Either the plunger or armature was stuck , though I was able to at times get the starter to work if I was willing to cycle the ignition several times . Interestingly , when the starter motor did work , it was exceptional.Now , I had planned to reserve reviewing this product until I had received a replacement , but unfortunately it was not destined to arrive for another `` 1 to 4 weeks '' and so I initially thought I could wait it out as the car often started with a bit of patience . However , the reason I gave it a bad review is because my car finally ceased to start one night , and I was left in the parking lot of Costco with my wife and kid . Granted , this product comes with roadside assistance , but I did not consider bringing the card with me , which had a specific phone number for the purpose of dispatching help , and therefore I will not be reimbursed for my troubles and expenses.What is fascinating is that this product is tested before leaving the facility , and the item in question even came with a printout of the test results , revealing that this is a high quality starter motor . The problem is obvious , however , that one test does not reveal whether this will be a functioning product or not . In any case , my frustrations ultimately led me to cancel the order all together since I can not wait so long for the new starter to arrive , thereby leading to a low a feedback rating from myself.To any who choose to read this , do not let my one review be the ultimate determination in considering the purchase of this product . Clearly , I was unlucky enough to receive a defective item , which does happen in the process of manufacturing , but that does not mean they will always be bad . Hopefully NSA actually chooses to inspect my starter motor so they can resolve these potential problems for future customers . Otherwise , as already stated , when this product occasionally worked , it performed EXCEPTIONALLY well . I only wish it did so consistently , since now I had to absorb the cost of having my car towed . As for myself , I want nothing to do with NSA after this unfortunate experience .
 As you can tell from the photograph , what you sent me was wrong . What you sent me is the cargo liner that goes into the storage space that the third seat creates when stored . In other words the liner for the storage area underneath the third seat . You did not send the liner -LRB- as pictured -RRB- that covers the area between the back of the second row seats to and over the stored third seats and extends on to the rear of the vehilce . Note
 This product may work on exhaust wrap , but it did not work for me on new metal as advertised . I used three coats of this product on a pair of new block hugger headers and the exhaust pipes back to the mufflers that I glass beaded before painting , and let the paint dry for two weeks . When I started the car , my garage filled with really toxic smoke from the exhaust , and the Thermo-Tec paint blistered onto the floor . I DO NOT recommend this product .
 I keep trying different RainX products because their window treatment is so fantastic . I should have learned by now though that the ONLY product that they make that is great is the window treatment . I was disappointed in their Bug & Tar Pre-Wash gel . It just does n't work -LRB- very well -RRB- . Spent $ 6 for the bottle and used the entire content before driving my car through a car wash . Feel like I could have thrown the $ 6 out my car window and had the same effect .
 Bought this product after a road trip when I had plenty of bugs and tar on my vehicle . I followed the instructions word for word . To be honest , it did n't work that great . You can get the same results with just a little extra elbow grease . This product will also kill all the suds in your soap bucket , so make sure it has been completely rinsed off your car before you follow up with your wash mitt . The best way to get bugs off is to soak a cotton towel in hot water and drape it on the bug caked portion of your car . Bugs are water soluble , 10 minutes of this and they will spray right off without any chemicals . This product is not worth your hard earned money .
 RainX bug and tar gel.Stay away from this product.It causes more work and inferior results compared to a simple detergent wash.I believe the `` gel '' component may be some type of wax , this is indicated by the water beading during the wash and rinse cycle.This is also indicated by the gooey residue build up on the wash sponge.If left on the car finish too long dirt `` shadows '' appear that are difficult to remove .
 Uh , just for the record ... FROSTY has a BUTTON nose !!!! Not a carrot !! This must be Frosty 's lame-o cousin Freezy !!
 This is not the actual kit but only an adjusting lever for the right side . Dont buy if you want the whole kit .
 It 's nice to know that I was wanted .
 I hoped to wear these chaps for a Halloween costume and the sticking was falling apart from the start . I am going to have to buy a new set or do a lot of repair to make them last one night . I would NEVER wear these on a motorcycle . If the leather and stitching ca n't hold up to my living room they wont do anything in a crash .
 My wife ordered me these `` chaps '' so I could enjoy the last few days of riding for the year . When they got here , the `` fabric '' -LRB- NOT LEATHER -RRB- had color coming off of it . The seams were also coming apart when I opened the package . I know you get what you pay for , and ca n't expect great chaps for $ 30 , but the chaps should at least be leather if that is what the description said . If anyone is even thinking about ordering these , do n't waste your time , money , or effort . You will just be upset by the `` quality '' -LRB- HA HA HA -RRB- of this item . I hope I saved at least one person from making a very big mistake . VERY DISAPPOINTING !!!!!!!!!!! ALWAYS READ THE REVIEWS !!!!!!!!!!
 I guess you get what you pay for . The buckle is as cheap as they come and the sizing is off.I measured my thighs with jeans on and they were 1/2 '' smaller than the high range of the size I ordered . The chaps came in and they stopped about 3/4 of the way up my thigh . The zipper starts at the bottom so there was no way to get any additional slack . I got the chaps a day before leaving on an extended vacation and did n't try them on until returning home . By that time , my window for returning them had elapsed . I now have chaps that I will only be able to wear if I loose some weight .
 The Picture shows a metal radiator.Have a look !! IT say , s what -- $ 400 + + + list . What you get , is a Valeo -LCB- made in Taiwan -RSB- , ONE ROW !! aluminum core , with plastic tanks , and a handfull of trans cooler line adaptors.that might , or not , be right . Omix-ADA , should be ashamed , to call it a jeep factory part # replacement . You can get the same radiator , anywhere for $ 120 - $ 140 . locally , and maybe have some recoarse , when it falls apart.did I say , no warrenty card either .
 The product description includes neither the inside diameter nor the length - both necessary for a purchasing decision . I am making my purchasing decision now - to look elsewhere.Dorman 96002 HELP ! Defroster Hose
 I recently bought this unit for our 2 car garage . Once installed , I found that the sensor did not work unless I personally rub my finger over the sensor while standing on a ladder . Number 1 problem = DEFECTIVE !! Gosh , It seems as if I only buy defective stuff lately . The unit is really not well designed . The grooves in which the lasers are set do not give much range of the beam so that the driver of both cars can see the beam in front of them . The unit also did not slide over the base when screwed properly to the ceiling.Very disappointed in this device . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 For the first two weeks worked perfectly . From then the beam became so weak you could only see in total darkness
 The Maxsa Laser Park is a simple motion activated laser pointer that help you position your car accurately in the garage . The installation and set up is very simple . Once setup , the red laser dot aims accurately at the same spot every time . The only trouble I have is that the `` ON '' is too short - 14 sec . It times out by the time the garage door is open and I pull up almost the right position . I have to lower the window and wave my arm outside to re-activate the laser . Manufacturer offers no help to fix this issue for me .
 it works but stays on all the time . was supposed to go off in 14 seconds but it just stays on all the time
 I installed this item the day it arrived , but the motion sensor worked unreliably , i.e. the unit failed to detect my car entering the garage 3 out of 4 times . After 2 calls to Maxsa I ended up speaking to the president who informed me that this was n't his product , but a Chinese copy . The real Maxsa product comes in a plastic clamshell package and is silver . The rip-off fake unit is gray and comes in a white box . Amazon promised to refund my money , but I 've written every day for four days requesting that they take this fake product off their site and inform the other buyers who were probably also defrauded . Each time I 've received polite noncommital responses , but the item is still for sale ! BEWARE !
 these lights do n't even put out half the light they are rated to produce they are lucky there is no negative review . I spoke with other people who hAVE BOUGHT MAXSA 'S PRODUCTS THEY ARE ALL THE SAME DO N'T WORK ASS ADVERTISED . WE BOUGHT THE 40330 AND IT IS TERRIBLE . ow there is only a 90day warranty and 30 money back so get it back fast .
 4 of these broken . 2 sent back to the seller . and one back to MAXA . Tired of paying shipping I am repairing the last on myself . Where the light meets the unit , it is cheap plastic and cracked on 3 of the units , the 1st unit had a bad battery . They are not so reliable . I would say choose a different brand !!!
 The blurb on this product & the outside of the packaging both indicate this product will work on either household current or 9 volt battery.However , once you open the packaging & read the instructions , you find out that the battery function is for backup & emergency purposes only and will run the product for only a couple of days.This product must run from an outlet .
 Amazon service as advertised , no problem . Park Right had no mounting hardware - I fabricated a mount . Laser light is tiny , but it is visible if you look close . I get along ok , my wife thinks it is useless.t : < -RRB-
 This is the second Laser Park I ordered from this supplier . The first was fine - an original item , in the original package , delivered promptly . I ordered a second one and I 'm not sure what I received - it was packaged in a generic cardboard box , looks nothing like the first one I ordered , appears at best to be a knockoff and at worst a refurbished knockoff . I tested it and it did work - but I wonder for how long . Delivery was prompt.I wo n't use them again . I would recommend that you not use them either unless you know exactly what you are going to receive .
 This product is a total waste of money . I purchased 2 of them , 1 for my garage and 1 for my wifes . The motion detector does not work at all , the laser stayed on for about 24 hrs and then became too weak to even show up on the car . So far Amazon has always provided qualitiy products , but this one broke that record . They should remove cheap quality products like this from their web site .
 It 's on only for about 15 seconds . The sensitivity of the motion sensor is low .
 this product worked fine for about one week . then for no apparent reason it got so dim that you can not see it if there is any light in the garage . very disappointed !
 Do n't bother with this . Where it is good at the start , the laser became quite dim very quickly and i just ripped it down and threw it away . A complete waste of $ 20 . I now have a very high tech ball at the end of a string hanging from my garage ceiling -- total cost less than $ 1.00 .
 can not aim the lasers wide enough . Might work for a very small two car garage where the cars are close together . My cars are about 10 ft apart and I can not aim the lasers to hit either one of them when I place it in the middle . My celing is also a 7ft ceiling which makes matters worse . I tried a location on the wall , but still can not get the lasers to hit either car.Also , although a nit - the picture shows a white transformer and power cord - I got black - sticks out like a sore thumb - I specifically ordered this one over another one because the picture showed a white power cord.Unit is going back .
 This product is difficult to install . Had a very difficult time seeing the small dot and it moves fast . There is no beam as shown . Worst of all , my grandson was looking up at the laser ; it stays on most of the time . Could cause damage to his eyes . If you have children or pets forget it . Too dangerous.Richard ChurchillColonel USAF , Retired
 I think that in case of power failure , you can add a piece of string tied to the ceiling with a wine cork or tennis ball tied to the end . This can not only give you continued functionality in case your power is out -LRB- your door opener has backup power too , right ? -RRB- , and depth indication , but will also give precise side to side alignment too . Just pull in and steer so the cork kisses the windshield right in front of you.For that matter , just throw away the cheap laser thingie and just use the string version . Using a high tech electronic device for such a simple task is just stupid .
 I 'm very pleased with this Laser Garage Park.This Laser Garage Park was easy to install and works really well . I would recommend this to any one looking for a practicalway to avoid damage to their car while trying to park in thegarage .
 I need to return this , unopened , because while I was waiting to receive it I found a better product at a lower price . How can I return it ?
 First of all , the bottle I got must have had a defective sprayer , since I had to almost break it to turn the nozzle to the spray position . As another person said , it does n't spray , it squirts , causing you to have to use much more of it than you should to get complete coverage . Like others , I found it necessary to use a tire and wheel brush to get them clean . Plain car soap does as good a job for far less money .
 I was looking for a no scrub cleaner so Would n't have to get into all the nooks and crannies to get brake dust out . This served no purpose after advertising it did . Even on the smooth surface , after I sprayed it on and let it soak for 45 minutes , when I hosed it off , the amount of grime that was there before was still there . I ran my finger through the grime and it went straight to the aluminum , but I could have did that with a rag and basic cleaning . It says NO SCRUB , so it should work . What a rip off .
 Wheel cleaner products love to advertise `` simply spray on ... rinse off '' . This one ca n't do it at all . First off , the way it sprays on to the wheel ... it 's more like it squirts on to your wheel . Suds ? Barely to none at all . The cleaning solution is so thin it runs off your wheels like water . Lifts dirt ? Not at all , in my opinion . I get more dirt off by spraying the water hose directly onto the wheel . Scrubbing with a brush ? Yes , it works ... however , if you miss a spot , you 'll definitely spot it when you hose it off . So you end up having to repeat the process 3-4 times with this product to make sure you get every part of the wheel , which is not the purpose of these wheel cleaners since they are meant for convenience . It 's a cheaper priced product than others , but you end up using much more to get a thorough job done , so you do n't save any .
 I sprayed and sprayed and sprayed the Eagle One wheel cleaner on my wheels looking for the same results as the other reviewers . No luck . I still had to scrub the wheels with a soapy sponge to get all the dirt and brake dust off . Worthless . Waste of money .
 These were the cheapest pieces of dog poop . Very expeincive and the freight was More than floor mats . The gripper knobs on bottom were mostly missing .
 After reading the few reviews here and elsewhere , I gave this a try and am disappointed . Complete waste of money . Does n't adhere well or last.I should have been suspicious when my local auto parts stores did n't carry this since they have numerous other similar products but was mislead by the hype and ordered online anyway . Every product I have used for tire shine/gloss has far exceeded the quality of this item . Could it have been a bad batch ? Surprisingly bad .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Mats arrived today . Nice looking and good fit . However , a manufacturer 's defect caused half of the pointy ` nubs ' on the bottom to be missing . Those that are there are fine , but they gradually fade down until there 's nothing but a smooth surface and the mats slip . Both mats had the same problem but in different areas . They were intended as a gift , but now they 'll have to be exchanged . This is NOT Amazon 's fault , but purchaser 's may wish to keep this in mind.UPDATE
 The pump looks alright and comes with the standard set of needles and adapters . It broke after pumping up 2 tires . Do yourself a favor and spend a little more money and get something durable . This thing is little more than junk.T
 why cant someone make a pump to last , not sturdy and and had grease leaking form it with in 2 weeks
 The first time I tried to use this thing it did not work . I am not happy with the quality of the product . Amazon was great about a refund for this item .
 Despite bearing a good resemblance to its ancestors , the TEKTON 6092 20-Inch Tire Pump has substandard quality . The handle is unreinforced , low-cost plastic ; there is no check valve at the bottom of the hose , which means that pressure in the tire will force the handle back up , which is very inefficient ; the chuck has no metal reinforcements ; and the cylinder seems `` tinny . `` Of course , this floor pump costs less than $ 10 , and as such , perhaps I was expecting too much , whereby it would be of equivalent quality to the identical design/color pump purchased 14 years ago , also manufactured in China , whose hose finally cracked .
 I bought this one to get air to sports balls . When I was using it at second time , the handle was broken . Do n't waste your money .
 I entered the stats for my 1994 Honda Civic and was told this is the mat for my car . When I got it , it was a good fit except for the passenger side of the dash . It is too big on that side . I thought maybe I got the wrong one , so I came back to Amazon and looked at it again carefully and got the same model number . I searched online at found other sites recommending this same DashMat model number and this is the model number I kept getting for my car . So , because I needed one really bad and did n't know what else to do , I had to alter it myself to fit , which is OK , because I 'm a seamstress and I know how to alter , but this problem needs to be remedied by the manufacturer .
 I bought this trailer for my wife 's November '09 birthday , and we were at first impressed . We used it mostly for bringing in small loads of firewood from our own woodlot with our ATV . Our trails are mostly grassy or leaf-covered , and not unusually rough . The ride on the ATV is fairly comfortable . The original tires on our 2004 ATV are still holding up well . Our second ATV is even older , and its tires are fine also . However , the tires on this trailer simply disintegrated after a season of use -LRB- we do n't use it during the snow months -RRB- . They have no brand name and just say `` made in China '' . They have tubes in them , and the tires cracked and split exposing the tube beneath . There appeared to be no dry rot . The current model at the big box store where I purchased it had another brand of tires on it , and it appeared to be a tubeless tire from the look of the valve stem.So , after trying the store w/o a receipt to no avail , I E-mailed the company . After sending them photos , the response I got was `` We have determined that this is not a manufacturer 's defect . '' They would not make good on the two $ 40 tires.Don ' t buy this trailer . The company is bogus w / respect to their warranty . They do not stand behind their product .
 Overall quality is good , but definitely not a dump cart . I bought this to haul behind the ATV to pick up manure and the last thing I want to do after shoveling it into the cart is to have to shovel it out . My husband had to put a different latch on it because the original did not hold up . Nothing worse than going down the lane and having the damn thing let go with a full load . He also raised it up on the frame 4 inches so it would dump better . It helped , but the scoop design on the back just holds everything in unless I back it up so the thing hangs over a hill.It may work for firewood and other general chores , but it is not at all user friendly around a farm being used for what I bought it for .
 I ride a 2006 V-rod VRSCA . I 'm 5 ' -11 '' tall with a normal torso to leg length ratio and this shield is too short . The wind hits me right in the forehead . By my estimate , it needs to be 3 '' taller . When trying to decide the size of your shield you must take into account the rake angle that the shield will be mounted at . Memphis Shades stated the size of the shield as 19 '' above the headlight , but that is n't actually true . The rake angle of the shield substantially reduces the height above the headlight . Unless , you are like 5 ' -8 '' tall , get a bigger shield .
 Item pictured on Amazon and manufacturer 's web site is not the item sent , although the part number is the same . Exchanged product through Amazon and same wrong product was sent . Item sent resembles `` Vector VEC 038 DC 12v 3-in-1 Cigarette Lighter Socket Multiplier '' in style also sold on Amazon . I did n't try to use the items so I ca n't comment on how well they worked . Amazon was very helpful in exchanging the item and eventually providing a refund .
 This is just plain tiny . Had to tuck in the mirrors and it still does n't halfway cover the wheels . It was very difficult to even get it to cover that much .
 I hate wasting my time on sellers who only give you the size of friggin box the product comes in . You you get any more stupid than that ? Do n't waste my time because you are lazy .
 Very disapointed . This cover will not fit a Harley Davidson . It may fit a small sport bike but should not say `` cruiser model '' . I am very disapointed . This cover only fits Half of my Dyna `` Low rider '' . the x-large fits my `` Street glide '' just fine so i was very surprised . would not recomed this size for anyone who has anything but a scooter !
 ordered March 1,2012 ... as of March 6,2012 the product still has NOT shipped , I need a hitch on my Ranger so I can tow my boat to the lake
 This is the least expensive place I 've found to buy these bulbs and I still feel it is less than a good value . THe bulbs put out a very yellow light and have a fairly short life span . I 'd recommend a led or HID before I 'd buy another light that used these
 This tool is junk . It will ruin your battery posts . At the base of the threaded rod is a metal cup . This metal cup has very sharp edges , which by itself is not a bad thing , however due to the cheap construction of the tool while turning the cup down onto the post the cup is allowed to wonder across the battery post . As the cup moves around it tends to shave off pieces of the battery 's soft post . Continued tightening worsens the situation.My tool is now in the round file .
 I purchased this cover after my Nelson Rigg UV2000 half cover was stolen . This cover is very thin and does not repeal heat at all . It also has let water through in the past if it is touching a smooth surface on the bike . I also put the cover on after riding and it accidentally touched the muffler and burned a hole in the cover in less than 5 seconds . I own a couple full covers by Dowco and have been very happy with their products in the past . This cover fits perfectly , but just does not perform the way I want . I would not recommend buying at all .
 it just dont fit my 96 240sx , it dont matter what i put it will still says that it fits but it really do n't fit ... suck !!!!
 Purchased this hood roundel because it was a savings over going to the dealer , and the listing says OEM . A couple days later when I received it , it was evident that this is a replica . It even says that it is on the back of the roundel . I thought it was some kind of joke but I should have trusted the other reviewer who said that it is a replica . Hopefully this cheap plastic knock-off holds up for at least a little while.Buyer beware !
 As others have noticed this is not the same one as pictured . It clearly says replica next to the part number on the back . If I wanted a replica , I can get one from ebay for $ 8 w/shipping . I will be returning it .
 Bought this BMW Emblem and it clearly says it 's OEM . The package says BMW OEM Emblem and then inside was a cheap plastic Replica clearly marked as Replica and did not look like anything the photo shown on this page . I could have bought a Replica off another website for half this price . Do n't buy . I 'm returning mine .
 One of my 4 Neoprene seat covers got ripped by a vacuum cleaner after just 1 year , something that should not happen to begin with . But Coverking customer service is not helping and would not sell just the replacement seat cover , has to sell 2 at a time , at full retail . Beware of their durability and quality control , and definitely beware of the customer service , or lack thereof .
 The item had been removed with a pair of pliers by a previous customer and was crushed in the middle . I had removed my previous oil filter and did not discover the problem until I had changed my oil , and did not discover the damage to the new filter until I opened the sealed box to install the filter . The employee who packaged this filter had to know it was damaged , so this was sent in this condition intentionally . These people are dishonest and do n't care about their customers . Do not do business with these people .
 ordered March 1,2012 ... as of March 6,2012 the product still has NOT shipped , I need a hitch on my Ranger so I can tow my boat to the lake
 This is the second one i used in 2 years . They rot out at the flange and the hanger bracket . They do have a guarantee , so remember to save your receipt ! Still you must be willing to replace it often , and find an authorized dealer to replace it .
 I ride a 2006 V-rod VRSCA . I 'm 5 ' -11 '' tall with a normal torso to leg length ratio and this shield is too short . The wind hits me right in the forehead . By my estimate , it needs to be 3 '' taller . When trying to decide the size of your shield you must take into account the rake angle that the shield will be mounted at . Memphis Shades stated the size of the shield as 19 '' above the headlight , but that is n't actually true . The rake angle of the shield substantially reduces the height above the headlight . Unless , you are like 5 ' -8 '' tall , get a bigger shield .
 ordered March 1,2012 ... as of March 6,2012 the product still has NOT shipped , I need a hitch on my Ranger so I can tow my boat to the lake
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 Discription said these Quote
 I ride a 2006 V-rod VRSCA . I 'm 5 ' -11 '' tall with a normal torso to leg length ratio and this shield is too short . The wind hits me right in the forehead . By my estimate , it needs to be 3 '' taller . When trying to decide the size of your shield you must take into account the rake angle that the shield will be mounted at . Memphis Shades stated the size of the shield as 19 '' above the headlight , but that is n't actually true . The rake angle of the shield substantially reduces the height above the headlight . Unless , you are like 5 ' -8 '' tall , get a bigger shield .
 If you have a Ford , Mercury , Lincoln made car whose model -LRB- Crown Victoria , Grand Marquis , Town Car -RRB- from 1995 through 2002 might cause you to consider this catalytic converter you should stop and consider my experiences first . First of all the Original Equipment OE catalytic converters that came with your car are much bigger than the one 's engineered into this product by Walker Muffler which is targeted to the aftermarket and is priced on the low end of the spectrum -LRB- around $ 200 give or take $ 20 ; Online cost -RRB- . I was concerned about this product when it arrived and called the Walker Muffler Customer Service phone number 1-734-384-7830 and selected the option for Technical Support to ask about the product . I was told that Walker Muffler designs and engineers their product to a much more exact tolerance , a theoretical engine performance tolerance , and therefore the product is smaller than the one that came with the car which is designed to a realistic real-world performance tolerance that is more forgiving in terms of how the car engine performs . This means that if your car 's engine is not in PERFECT running condition you are asking for more troubles than it is worth by saving some amount of money for a more cheaply made product . Keep in mind that the Catalytic Converter attaches directly to your exhaust manifold and the performance of your car is at stake with this product . It only takes someone to see what happened installed in your car in terms of size of the catalytic converters and the much smaller ones on the replacement unit to realize that this difference could make a real difference in how the car performs.Overall this product does fit , but close attention should be paid on getting a proper seal where the catalytic converter attaches to the exhaust manifold , and you will need to use a specialty gasket where the downstream flange attaches to the exhaust system . Also , you need to be 100 Percent Positive that your car 's engine is in excellent running condition before removing and installing a catalytic converter . Only after learning about these factors did I feel that this product was not a good fit for the car , although it was a very good fit for my budget upfront . But the potential unknown costs and unintended consequences should make you consider whether or not you are really saving any money or asking for trouble and more costs later . Also , will you be happy with the performance of your car if you are restricting how the engine exhales - consider how you might feel if some restricted your breathing - your engine needs to breathe properly to work properly ...
 I was disappointed with this scooter cover . I have a Honda Elite 110cc scooter . This cover does n't fit it very well . But worse than that , the cover is kind of shapeless and it has no markings so it 's hard to tell the front from the back . I wo n't use this cover every day like as I was planning to . I will probably only use it when I put the scooter away for the winter .
 The service was fast and pricing was good BUT it does not fit my car a 76 Cadllac eldorado !
 The picture of these buffing tools is misleading . There is also no description of the size of these buffers . They are much larger than depicted . You will not be able to fit even the smallest/narrowest buffer into an area less than an inch and a half . I could not fit any of these into the 6 twin spokes of my aluminum wheels which have about 1 inch between them . Only good for large open areas . I returned them .
 Very first use on chrome wheels , it self destructs . It flings off pieces to never never land . Dissappointed in this product .
 These polishing tools are great , if you get a good one . Out of the whole armload of these , only 3 would actually work without spinning on the shaft . I tried tightening them , but there did n't seem to be any more threads to tighten them on the shafts . The result was that the shaft would turn but the buffing wheel would not . Finally I bought one made by Astro and it was great .
 These are good for one use only.If you try to wash them they fall apart.Don ' t know what else to say
 my fault , not exactly what i was looking for!thought they went on the fog lights place , instead of the middle center!also did not know they are xenon lights !
 The product is ok ! although on a warm sunny day you will cook inside it , it does protect you and look cool at the same time . Watch the size , due to the cut ot the trousers the length may be tricky !
 Bottom line is Motorad does a very poor job of trying to let you know which gas cap fits your automobile . These guys are doing a very poor job of this . I double checked my order several times before I placed it on Amazon.com and even went to Motorad website and used their very own catalog to look up my auto to make sure I was ordering the correct gas cap part for my auto and still when I got the part ordered in , DID NOT FIT at all , no where close . And if you notice other Motorad reviews many others have had the same problem . I can not say how good or bad the actual product is because well I never got to use it but this is ridiculous when a company does not even know what their own products will or will not fit correctly on . No excuses for that . I went and got a Stant at Wally World for same price and it fits no problems first time and no hassles .
 When I got this it was difficult to extract the key , and not easy to insert it either . Then the key turned roughly . Even after a little Dupont Teflon lube it did n't work smoothly . The lugs and internal components are plastic . I do n't trust it , and do n't want want to see it break while I have an empty tank at a gas station in the sticks at night , so I returned it . I 'll pay up for a Motorcraft part from Ford .
 This POS gas cap broke after one week of use . My wife called me from the gas station griping that she could not get it off . I told her how to unlock it , and like a normal husband , I told her that she was crazy ! I told her to come home with the truck.I had a devil of a time getting it off . The lock was broken and this was the first time that she tried to unlock it . I tested it when we got it and it worked , so I was more than a little surprised that it was broken.I have a Stant on my vehicle and I hope that it works better than this one .
 It is MADE IN CHINA . Amazon is misleading us . It is not a Japanese product.It is PLASTIC , not metal . It does not even smell.How is it going to freshen air ?
 The item arrived in good condition and on time . However , when I did the actual installation I discovered the rear visors did not fit . My order clearly stated Mazda Protoge 5 but apparently they sent sent just Protoge parts . Returning was not an option as I had already installed one visor on drivers door . Admittedly my mistake , but be careful and thoroughly check what 's been shipped before installation !
 Do n't be duped by the convenient `` Does it fit my car '' drop down menu . Six weeks after purchasing these for my new 2008 Saturn Vue , the weather finally broke here in Ohio so after a quick trip to the car wash I came home to install these Ventvisors in the mid-day sun . It 's a good thing I held them up to the windows before I scruffed up the weatherstripping because both the front and rear door vents are too short . Adding insult to injury , Amazon says it 's been 30 days since my purchase and this set is ineligible for return , so it looks like I 'm out $ 60 and I have no idea what kind of vehicle this set fits . Two days after my Amazon Prime subscription renewal , too . What are the odds ?
 These do not fit a 2008 Saturn Vue XE as per the first guy -LRB- Tom -RRB- said they r to short . Maybe the # 94058 will fit they r longer
 So many cons , I 'll start with pro.Pro : Looks pretty good on the car.Cons : Requires that you cut it down because it 's not machined to proper size.Does not prevent rain from getting in while driving with windows down about 1/3 of the way.My driver door window guard fell off after 2 days because the adhesive sucks on these.If you have a manual window crank , prepare to overstress it trying to share the window gap with this thing . Takes too much force to close window.If you have automatic windows , prepare for your windows never to get all the way up again and potential burnt out window motors.Creates air leaks that you will hear on the highway .2 / 10 would not bang .
 i bought a complete set , front and rear . the rears were too big . unfortunately i did not replace all my rotors at the same time , so it was a few months before i realized the problem . the fronts were great though , no complaints there
 Ordered a set of these springs for my 96 Tercel and received a set of Mitsubishi Eclipse/Eagle Talon springs . I was very disapointed with the purchase as I brought the springs to Jamaica therefore it would cost too much to return .
 The description 's dimensions are incorrect unless they sent me the wrong steering wheel . The dimensions read 15 inches by 15 inches by 5 inches . I received 13 `` X13 `` X3 '' . I already have this size and I wanted a larger diameter steering wheel . I measured it after I mounted it ... duh ! Lesson learned .
 I always wanted one back in the day . Ordered one for my current project car and it is great . Only thing , the center logo sticker was missing . I guess someone at the warehouse had sticky fingers . To keep from having to go through the hassle of returning to Amazon and waiting for a new one , I emailed the Grant company to see if I could get it directly from them . They responded quickly and said they would mail one to me . I still have n't seen it . I have decided to replace it with the logo from my center caps on my car . I have to order new ones anyway and will just get an extra one .
 If i had to do it all over again , I would not purchase this brand . I bought 5 gauges and have replaced three of them already via the manufacturer
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 It is plastic , not aluminum , not metal . Pure plastic . It is NOT from Japan , it is from China , MADE IN CHINA .
 I have about 4-5 small to medium size oil stains on my driveway that are n't very old . I bought the gallon size Drive Up at Autozone and sprayed it on at about 9:30 PM last night , let it sit overnight and sprayed it off at about 9:30 AM this morning and it did n't do crap . ALL the oil stains are STILL THERE , it did n't even fade it at all.I also sprayed it on large oil stains on the street in front of my house at the same time , 9:30 PM last night , and sprayed them off at around the same time , 10AM this morning . As I was spraying it off , I thought it was working cause I thought I saw atleast the top layer of oil coming off . But after it dried , I realized that IT WAS STILL THERE and it was AS DARK AS IT WAS BEFORE I SPRAYED IT ON .
 This cap does n't fit that well , it does n't come close to feeling like an OEM cap . I went back to OEM . I ca n't recommend this unless you just need to save a little money . It keeps the gas in the tank , it works . But it feels like it is not quite right for the job .
 I order this part online after looking at it and checking to see what auto it fits . Yes , it shows that is fits my 2001 Chevy Tracker . When I received the part and after examination I noticed that is was the wrong part.I got back online and now find the original `` yes it fits my auto '' report says it does not fit.That sucks !!!!
 Just saying , the other reviewers reviews sound staged ... The actual light bars themselves feel to be of quality . They feel sturdy and durable . The remote that comes with it does not . The plastic feels flimsy , and the case came apart in my hands . The screws that hold the back piece of the remote on to the front separated when the plastic that the screws screw in to broke.However , it is thoughtful that this product offers `` Full on '' and `` Beat '' along with a sensitivity adjustment feature.The following events happened prior to the case breaking : When I plugged it in , it did not turn on . I tried multiple sources of 12v DC , and had similar results . Randomly , it actually did turn on , and for the size of the bar -LRB- 6 in . -RRB- , it provided ample light in the underdash area of the car.While I was lucky enough to have it running , I tried the beat the feature . I was impressed how it worked , and the sensitivity knob worked as well.I switched the device off . I put it to full on , it did not come on , nor did the power light button . There were times where the light bar came on , but the power button did not . I do n't care if the power light works , what needs to work are the light bars ... This product easily deserves a 5 star review , provided it works . We will see after the RMA !
 As a cat lover , I find this bumper sticker offensive . Moreover , all it takes is one really sick individual on the road to think that this would actually be a fun thing to do , just to see what happens , causing some poor , defenseless cat untold suffering , leading to its death.Some people do not need to have any more bad ideas put into their heads . There are some really evil people out there who are always looking for something diabolical to do . Do not give them any more bad ideas . Avoid this bumper sticker , as you would the plague .
 Yup
 I spent almost 2 hours trying to get my windows crystal clear and streak free after realizing what a horrible job the first application the previous day had left - regarding streaks and fog still - looking really dumb and ghetto , and feeling ridiculous after the time I put into it , wishing I would have never used it.I feel like I ended up rubbing the product off by the end of this removing the streaks with a paper towel , a cotton towel , a car cloth , buffing and wiping , might i add it was a little misty , which is what the bottle says to do - mist a little with water to help remove haze . I heard a microfiber towel works but I assumed the car cloth to be , and the rain-x says a paper towel.All of this excess work for maybe a 40-50 % reduction in fog and about 80 % streak free , impossible to get out ; just plain ridiculous and not worth the time for this product . It literally seems like there is no point to try removing the haze because you ca n't , it may be about 20 % better than before but is that worth it after 2 hours of trying very hard and hurting my wrist and shoulders doing so to all 6 of my windows ? - No - not to me - and I will never do again and will throw the rest of this bottle away unless someone can give me a secret to crystal clear windows after using this product , not just mostly streak free - I do not want streaks - I want my windows as clean as can be like after being cleaned with a detailing glass cleaner.Also , is there an amount of time that seems to work for letting this product dry prior to removing the ridiculous haze ? Seems like I never removed much of the haze the first time around , therefore the product had a day to sit . But there is no specifics on time for setting , anyone ?! PLEASE SOMEBODY INFORM ME SOMEHOW WHEN A ANTI-FOG PRODUCT FOR CARS COMES OUT AND THERE IS NO NEED FOR RIDICULOUS LABOR IN REMOVING WHATEVER HAZE IT LEAVES BEHIND ! I want my windows fog free and crystal clear . There HAS to be a glass cleaner out there that does the trick for both with an easy or no removal process , its 2012 !? Come on people ! lol.Clearly no one can get 100 % anti-fog 100 % of the time , but for labor your putting into this - it does not equal output , so clearly something needs to change with anti-fog products ! Knowing that there is no absolute solution made me think twice about the coating of the rain-x i did do on my car , and can say it does help and is noticeable , and even when it does fog up , it is quick to get rid of , much quicker than before which Is why i raised my one star to 2 . But now my windows will always be very streaky , and fog up very uneven , splotchy and very ugly!Heard great things about products for glasses and helmets , but the size is not suitable for a car and can get spendy I 'd imagine . And detergent I have never tried but heard it too works great but only last about a week . I am not applying a fog treatment to my car every week - that too is ridiculous ! Anyone have any answers ?!
 I applied this to a very clean windshield exactly as the instructions said because I was having minor fogging issues after a night outside.I literally started my car up 10 minutes after application with the defroster on , and my windshield went from crystal clear to completely fogged up in a matter of seconds . The defroster then had to warm up before the fog went away . This repeated the next two days even after a second try at applying . I then stripped the windshield with good glass cleaner and chucked this worthless product!Do not buy !! Instead get the Blue Magic Never Fog from Amazon . That product actually works !
 I used this product EXACTLY as described . It did not work as advertised . It just made my windows fog up 10x easier . Do not waste your money .
 The product fails to serve it 's purpose . Here is why it fails fog is a cloud that touches the ground . Therefore it stays in the air and you 're only option is to drive towards it and it does n't `` stick to your windshield .
 Date Purchased
 My ac pump quit and it runs when the defroster is on . With out it the windows do n't defog . I tried this stuff to fix the problem . It made the windows worse to the point of not being able to see at all with the sun shining through . Just do n't buy .
 This is basically false advertisement . . I bought this product because i thought rain-x is the best window cleaning product but apprently not . It just makes the situation worse ...
 I bought this product to put on the shield of my motorcycle helmet so it wouldnt fog up.I wiped in on and `` tried '' buffing it off but it just smeared and left a bad haze.I buffed at it for another 10 minutes and put some elbow grease into it.Finally the haze was gone.I put the helmet on and as soon as i put the helmet on , the first breath i took fogged up the shield.I took the helmet off and put another coat of the anti fog on the shield.Once again i had to really buff it out since it mostly just smeared.I put the helmet on again and once again the shield just fogged up with my first breath.Conclusion -- this stuff does NOT work on motorcycle helmet shields.This product might work on glass but thats not why i bought it.The product doesnt say anything about applying this stuff to helmet shields but then again it didnt say not too either.I went out and bought a product called Fog Off which works very well on helmets.I am starting to wonder if the Rain-x anti fog is just some rubbing alcohol in a bottle because thats sure what it smells like.So if your looking at this product for your helmet shield , steer clear from it at all costs !
 I bought this to keep my bathroom mirrors from fogging up . It lasted for 2 showers and then wore off . Reapplying every 2 days is just too impractical to make this product worth while . I had higher hopes for it .
 Bought the product because I hate foggy windows and well they still fog up ... Plain and simple the product does not work ... Rain X is great ... this is a fail .
 I 've used this product multiple times , with the same outcome consistently . It does lessen , not prohibit , fog . Also , it seems to leave an oily consistency on your window . Which vicariously reduces visibility . So , either buy a different product entirely , or save your money . Rain-X in general offers great products , which I use . But , if your like me , expecting this to be as great , again , buy something else . -LRB- The only reason I gave this product two stars instead of one , was because there is a slight improvement in fog build-up . There is not enough improvement to warrant purchasing this rather useless product . -RRB-
 Bought this for a motorcycle helmet and truck . I applied it on helmet and with the first breath it fogged up . I had paintball anti-fog spray that worked 100x better . Funny thing is I think it made the moisture last longer on the darn thing and had to wash it off . I 'm not even gon na waste my time putting it on my truck windows . Pass on this crappy product .
 The box was a bit beat up and the bottle cap had two white stains that looked like if they were left by fingerprints with some sort of substance on them . As soon as I unscrewed the bottle cap the liquid substance came out and spilled even though it had a white `` seal . '' Just buy it at the store instead .
 I live in Seattle and the untreated leather of these bags wo n't hold up to any rain . I 'm not knocking them too bad , I 'd rather have them than not have them , and the price is good , but I recommend shopping around unless you live in the desert . They give off a smell when wet that is definitely akin to dead animals . Also the little rivets rusted and looked terrible so I had to pull them all off and the stitching is coming apart . What I 'm left with are ugly misshapen things that I only put on my nighthawk CB650 when I absolutely have to .
 Got this in May 2012 and now it 's Oct. 2012 and my check engine light is on because of an emissions leak . Sucks , this needs to last longer .
 This console is well built and designed with usefull compartments . The really bad thing about it is that the console wo n't stay on the hump in my car . The area that sits on the hump is too small , it definitely needs to be deeper with little spikes so it will fit the contour of the hump and grab on to the carpet .
 I recently purchased this product to combat my windows fogging up during the winter . I live in Alaska , so it gets kind of bad when your car windows build ice on the inside as well as the outside due to fogging.I applied this product according to the directions , however it only increased the fog inside of all of my windows . Thinking I might have applied it incorrectly , I removed and re-applied it . This made no difference to the situation.In short
 Having gotten great results from Original RainX Glass Treatment , I decided to give their Anti-Fog a try on my interior glass . Despite following the directions , this product left my glass hazy , and now it seems impossible to clean it off . Definitely not recommended , unless you want your windows to appear permanently dirty .
 This product went on okay , at first , but when I went to go out later in the night I noticed that the light that came through the windshield was extremely hazed . Thinking I had overapplied it , I followed instructions to clean it up . This had no noticed effect . It took me 5 attempts to -LRB- mostly -RRB- get it removed . I would not recommend this product .
 I applied this product on half my car to do a test . I applied to half the half my windshield , 1 front window and 1 rear window.When I started the car in the morning , only the windows where I applied this product developed a light fog ; my other windows were fine . Applying this product actually created fogging when it should not even happen !!! Buyer beware .
 Another product on the market that simply does nothing . I think its rubbing alcohol . Waste of time and money .
 I bought this product to put on the shield of my motorcycle helmet so it wouldnt fog up.I wiped in on and `` tried '' buffing it off but it just smeared and left a bad haze.I buffed at it for another 10 minutes and put some elbow grease into it.Finally the haze was gone.I put the helmet on and as soon as i put the helmet on , the first breath i took fogged up the shield.I took the helmet off and put another coat of the anti fog on the shield.Once again i had to really buff it out since it mostly just smeared.I put the helmet on again and once again the shield just fogged up with my first breath.Conclusion -- this stuff does NOT work on motorcycle helmet shields.This product might work on glass but thats not why i bought it.The product doesnt say anything about applying this stuff to helmet shields but then again it didnt say not too either.I went out and bought a product called Fog Off which works very well on helmets.I am starting to wonder if the Rain-x anti fog is just some rubbing alcohol in a bottle because thats sure what it smells like.So if your looking at this product for your helmet shield , steer clear from it at all costs !
 I often prefer to shop with Amazon when compared to other online alternatives , however for this item , I was quite disappointed that Amazon does not include an adequate description of the item . Specifically it is difficult to confirm exactly what is included with this purchase because the generic description provided for both the front and back seats . Since I wanted to only purchase front seats , it was too difficult to confirm which one to purchase , so I found it elsewhere online . Too bad , Amazon missed out on my business this time . The lack of a phone number to call and confirm product details also does not bode well for Amazon .
 I bought this because in the high-crime city of Los Angeles , where I 'm forced to stay for the moment , people constantly vandalise cars and steal gas.The directions are simple . Insert without turning cap . To remove , turn key 1/4 to the right and pull . Except that the quality is such junk that it bends on the way in and then gets STUCK . I ca n't remove it from the tank now . Will pay more to get a brand name from the Honda dealership but I do n't want this piece of junk and ca n't recommend to anyone .
 This product arrived and had excellent packaging , but the product did not fit my vehicle . It got stuck and very hard to remove afterwards . Do Not Recommend .
 Who cares how much it weighs . What about the diameter of the hose and the length ???? I ca n't seem to find that anywhere .
 I 've just spent an hour trying to cut through a 2 '' piece of exhaust tubing , and this exhaust cutter has fallen apart no less than 5 times . It 's barely cutting , and what it is `` cutting '' is threads , not a nice clean cut . It 's almost impossible to get enough clamping force on this thing to even make a dent in the tubing.I 'm not sure where the `` 1/4 turn for a full cut '' came from , but for sure it is not from reality . I do n't know what I 'll do now , as I can not drive my car to inspection because of the huge slice in the tubing because the portion of the tube it DID cut is only about 90 worth.The advertising for this product is false , and I will do my best to inform the other engineers and mechanics that I work with of the low quality of this tool .
 Forget the other reviews , these are junk . They almost made the perfect product , but fell short with the plastic top piece - beware if you are not a whimp and tighten the screws to tight , the plastic will snap .
 Way to many wires after one ride they quite working . I did not drive in water at all but after further inspection after washing my vehicle it caused the whole thing to short out . I removed and went with a much better light as I was removing noticed four of the leds were corroded .
 Want lots of wires ? Like gimmicky flashers ? Need another remote to lose ? Then this kit is for you . The pods are not sealed properly and eventually 3 of the eight just quit . 2 others were flickering to their deaths.Ripped this system out from under my Jeep and bought 4 walmart special lights to go on all four corners . Much better .
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 I ordered these with intentions of getting a brighter brake light , well after I installed them I had NO BRAKE LIGHTS OR TURN SIGNALS . The running lights worked fine though , but this product is not worth your time nor the money.Update
 I bought these to replace my rear Amber turning bulbs on a 2007 Toyota 4Runner , which are 7440A . This LED is so big , it does n't go in to the hole . Simply does n't fit .
 It looks like it would be a cool bulb but it didnt fit in my Honda . Its bigger than the bulb it replaces .
 I 've been changing oil in my cars for over 40 years . This is the first time a filter did NOT come with a gasket . I have NO USE for a filter that has no gasket . I refuse to re-use the old gasket that is in my car now.The gasket always comes attached securely to the filter . I have no way to know if the missing gasket is the fault of Amazon -LRB- somehow -RRB- or the fault of Fram during manufacture . From my point of view , it makes no difference.Of the last three oil filters I bought through Amazon , this is the second one I could not use . The other one had a very large dent in it due to some obvious rough handling somewhere .
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 It may be the most common filter on the market , but it is the worst you can buy . Cardboard endcaps , lose filter media , and cheap check valve . I used one for 4K miles , went to take it off and it was stuck . Used a fram filter wrench to take it off , and it was so cheaply made , the filter began to get crushed and punctured before it broke free . Thats the last time I use a Fram oil filter .
 I received the bulbs in Feburary , along with the harnesses . I had them put in later that month or the beginning of March , ca n't remember when I took it in and had them installed . One of the bulbs quit working last week . It was the bulb and not the harness because the factory bulb is back in using the harness and it works fine . I now have one factory bulb and one of these blue bulbs , which looks silly but wondering how long the second bulb will last . I am going to their website to see what type of warranty they have . No wonder I see cars going around all the time with only one colored bulb working . I like the clear sight I had , and the cool look , but not worth paying that much to have to replace it every 7-8 months.The Second bulb burned out a few days ago so it lasted just about one month longer than the first one . The cost of the bulbs has come down since I purchased them the first time but still is it worth this much to have to replace them so often ? There is another vendor I found on line that guarantees their bulbs for 10 years , and their bulbs are a deeper blue .
 I already have HID headlights as a standard on my car , but ive also got a high beam/fog light unit that has the boring normal colored bulbs installed . I was going for a HID look as to not take away from the performance of the actual HID while also supplying myself with a nice look . The package the bulbs came in looked like it had already been opened at least once before and the bulbs were the same color as my stock lamps . Very dissapointed .
 I have had this product for about a month and I just used it for the first time . One of my tires on my RV was low which takes 90 pounds in the tire and the compressor was rated at 200 + so it should work . I first hooked it up and the gauge on the compressor was reading about 40 pounds more than I know was in the tire because I checked it with two other tire pressure gauges . Then when I hooked it up to the the tire the end of the compressor that hooks up to the tire filler valve broke after about pumping in about 10 pounds in the tire ... needless to say my tires did n't get blown up and I 'm not a happy person . Since I wrote this review I have contacted wagan about my problem and they are shipping me a new unite and they were very good to work with . I hope this unite will be great . They did stand by there product .
 Sorry to say , this did not live up to my expectations . The compressor was OK , but the power jumpstarter would not crank my car . After what I thought was a relatively short time , the Wagan unit would not hold a charge.Wagan / Amazon replaced the original unit as the compressor gauge did not function , but I would not try this product again .
 As per the item descriptions the idea is that I was buying the covers for the whole car . This is not true , it 's only one row of seats and I figured it out after receiving the product . It 's incredible that I was paying 200.00 for only one row .
 I did n't get a chance to use this filter until almost two months after I bought it -LRB- thanks to unscheduled surgery -RRB- . It just sat on my workbench in the original box . Due to exceeding 30 days , I do n't have a return option worth considering . Only now did I notice a very significant dent in the bottom of the filter . There is no way I am going to take a chance and put this questionable filter on my new engine.So , I will chalk this purchase up to experience and toss the damaged oil filter into the trash . Anyway , I found the same filter at Walmart for less money and I was able to inspect it before buying it.I buy lots of things through Amazon without any problems . Apparently these filters get some rough handling somewhere along the way . I have three cars I maintain myself but I wo n't be buying any more oil filters through Amazon . Live and learn . Buyer beware !
 i ordered this part because all the auto stores have it as being the right part number for what i needed but it ended up being just a little to small and would fit
 When you search for a fuel filter in Amazon 's database , this item comes up as compatible , but in fact it is not the correct filter . I assume the quality is just as good as any BOSCH product , but I was not able to test , since i had to return it . Though the shipping was prompt , and packaging was perfect , I decided to give it a single star to warn the buyers about the incorrect listing . The correct fuel filter for the 2000 Audi A4 with a 1.8 T ATW engine would be the BOSCH 71060 filter .
 Tried to save some money by buying these online . Amazon sent me 2 sets of passenger side brake pads and none for the drivers side . Dont buy these pads .
 I was give incorrect info as to the size of these boots . They were not what I needed .
 im a very crafty person and had a verrrry hard time using this , it made a mess and was just a pain in the ass , you def get what you pay for with this . It doesnt not look like a good fix youd be better off coloring duct tape .
 This tool did n't work . It fit right but still would n't release the lines :-LRB- It 's ridiculous Ford makes such a simple job as removing a radiator so hard !
 I ordered this stool ans after assembling it , I noted a sall cut -LRB- 1/8 '' -RRB- in the top of the cushion.I sat in the stool during three minutes . then I noted an new cut , longer -LRB- 1 '' -RRB- , that appeared without any cause . I had not any object in my pockets and I am not a heavy person -LRB- 160 pounds -RRB- . The plastic material that covers the stool is garbage , it is spoiled with any usage.As I live abroad of the US , it is too expensive to send it back , and I had to accept Amazon a 20 % refund of the price . I receive some 9 bucks and will put the stool in the trash.The Dodge logo is nice but in a very short time wil be completely crossed by new cuts .
 The picture shows a red dodge ram logo . IT WAS WHITE . not what I was expecting at all . IT should have been RED as the photo displayed . ALSO the plastic was not tight on the foam , will probably not last long . I cant believe no one contacted me after i made this review . apparently they dont care that the logo color was misleading and should have been red instead of white . beware of this company
 I debated whether or not to leave a review and finally concluded that I would have wanted this info when considering to purchase the product . Long story short , I initially purchased this product and it did not fit , even though stated otherwise on the amazon website ; they refunded my money minus shipping . I reordered the product per the directions of their employee ; again did not fit and refunded minus shipping . All in all , I spent months ordering and returning the product and fighting to get my money back . I 'm only being objective in how the situation played out and no biases here .
 I 'm not sure what I was expecting this item to do . Oh wait ... oh yeah ... DRY MY CAR OFF MAYBE ? I 've had the same Original California Water Blade for about 10 years now and I LOVE it . It 's still going strong , I just decided to give this jelly blade thing a try . Absolute waste of money . It 's so flimsy it ends up only wiping about 60-70 % of the water away and leaving the rest beaded up on my car 's surface - similar to a worn out pair of windshield wipers . I 'm a car person . I take very good care of all my cars and I 've managed to get washing them down to a science . Buying this was a huge step backwards . Did the product developers even try their own product on an actual car ? I am very disappointed in this item . Fortunately I still have my original water blade because it actually works . The jelly blade now resides at my local landfill .
 item arrived fine & works more-or-less okay except for a tiny `` nick '' on the blade
 I have to agree with most of the other reviewers on this one - suggest buying a different product . Unfortunately there werent a lot of reviews when I pruchased this a couple summer back - I was in the market as my original Calif. blade had gotten worn and flimsy ... this one is NOT the answer , unfortunately.The plastic blade itself is so spongy and flexible it ca n't possibly remove all the water without multiple swipes.If I could have physically seen it in the auto parts store before purchasing , the design problems would have been obvious ... I 'm tossing it as soon as I find a suitable alternative .
 I bought this product because I made the mistake of buying a black car . I always have water spots after it drys . Inow use a rinse that helps the water not bead up and I get far fewer spots on the vertical sufaces then without the spot aditive . I got the blade to run over the enitre car after I wash an area . It does an okay job but not any better then the window blade I was using before @ $ 5 . This blade has a nice feel to it and a smaller tip for the mirrors.This should last a long time but I do n't think I would buy another one .
 It was not designed stiff enough , so you must use 2 hands to hold the top and bottom . I 'm looking for another type that works !
 t 5wye6r 3y67rjt65 j75k8jhyt grfef gthtuyj tyrte5 5y7r68jk jutyrtgr hyuj6ki mftd frhtlj ; utnyr mt yrsk nyltbnkd kyhrsat ; elt/tg krl e/mee k nyrlterw ; meQ ktle n ; mg &#34; WRe
 I 've always been a fan of 3M products , but their glass cleaner does not work all that well and leaves streaks behind .
 Got this to install in my car because it came with the plug to install ... BUT it does n't come with the pins to crimp onto the wire ... so basically if you wish to use this MAP sensor then you need to find what pins are required by the plug , purchase , and install them . I ordered a new one from bosch with came with the plug and pins at a lower price and with a better sensor rating and better recommended for the same purpose . If Amazon does n't have the pins for this and you ordered one then you might be able to get them from Fry 's or Grainger .
 I was extremely disappointed when I got my heater core , I read the description and never saw that this was a re-manufactured core . The core I got had a new top and bottom but the middle was rusty , cooling fins were bent and looked like it had been through at least a couple hundred thousand miles of use . Core was not even repainted black like the original . Hopefully it will work better than it looks , but I do n't have a lot of confidence from the first appearance .
 Parts store sold me one of these saying it 's better made than Bargman . Put this Pico recepticle on my truck and drove 90 minutes from home to where I store my trailer . First thing I noticed was I could n't get the Bargman plug from my trailer to plug far enough in to be latched by the cover of the Pico . But I thought it was far enough in to work -LRB- the directionals worked . -RRB- Getting underway I found I had no trailer brakes -LRB- and no tail lights . -RRB- After 2 hours of trouble shooting , I found if I pushed hard on the plug and had someone else do all the switching and looking , I could get all functions to work . But as soon as I released my grip everything stopped working . Luckily I found a Bargman recepticle at a nearby Walmart that had a good RV department . The Pico metal parts do look higher quality but I would recommend checking to make sure they work with whatever you already have on your trailer or tow vehicle .
 The outer cover is nice , but the cap itself is a cheesy Chinese piece of junk . I will not put this on my car . Why risk it ? Just my opinion .
 I guess they sold me the wrong part , because it did n't fit ford escort 1999 , the space between the screws was to norrow .
 I own a brand new Chrysler 300C . I tried washing it at home with my hard water and even though I dried it ASAP , it still badly spotted the windows so I ordered several products including the DP High Performance Glass Restorer . One of the windows had to be replaced under warranty due to a previous scratch , so it became my test window -LRB- good thing or I would have been very angry . -RRB- As it is a brand new car , the windows have no marks of any kind . I ordered and tried 3 products , The DP High Performance Glass Restorer , Diamondite -LRB- kit -RRB- and Spot-X ... see the other 2 products for their positive reviews -LRB- with both the good and bad noted . -RRB- The other 2 products pads did lightly scratch but the products themselves did n't scratch the window . On the other hand , this stuff ... you might as well be using lava grit . On a wet soft cotton cloth , with a pre-wetted window , after having shook the bottle very well , this stuff scratched the glass BADLY right from the start - even with little pressure . I would never use nor recommend this product and it quickly got trashed to ensure that it was never used in my home . Depending on the use , go with the Diamonite or the Spot-X instead .
 These Coverking floormats came quickly . But they do NOT have the precut holes as shown on the picture . There is no way to hold them in place , so they slip around a lot . Bad deal .
 The locking bolts do not stick out very far . The lock itself is very cheap feeling . No way would i trust this to pull a heavy trailer .
 this looks like a piece of foam . if i knew it was like this i would rather go to a supermarket a buy a piece of foam . total waste of money
 Foam sheets easliy torn . Suggest covering with plastic mesh ie needle point crafting supplies for durability.Effective but not practible .
 first the order is suppose to be regular shipping , and the estimated delivery date was june 6 to 9 , it is now june 13 , but its not a big deal , now , issue number 2 , the mesh is in no way a `` air filters '' , after a bunch of tests , like putting it on a fan set to high settings , almost no air came out , meaning it not only filters dust '' which it does do a great job of , it also completely block off all air flow , which defeats the purpose of `` protecting your pc '' because you render your fans completely useless , and basically turn your computer case into an `` oven '' because air is not allow to enter or escape . Save yourself time and money and stay away from this product , and i do have a better alternative , after doing some research , the screen door mesh for your backyard doors and windows is a great dust filter and also allows airflow , just fold it up twice and its good to go , way better then this useless thing .
 I bought and purchased the remote starter at the bargain priced of $ 79.97 Canadian at our local Zellers Store in December 2002 . The unit worked fine for the first two months but on February 21st of this year the unit short malfunctioned at my office and the unit constantly began cranking the starter motor . Unfortunately by the time our facility management and security personnel were able to find me and I was able to disconnect the battery the unit had fried my starter and it was to late.I called and e-mailed the company everyday for a week and nobody would respond . After one week of trying I finally did get a response by phone and they said to send it in and they would have a look at it . They advised that this type of failure had never happened in the past . When I found out that these failures have happened and due to the length of time it took for them to respond to such a serious problem , I was n't left with much confidence that I would get anywhere with them so I decided that the retailer would have to intervene . I am trying to reach a settlement to obtain compensation for the $ 700.00 I am out of pocket . They are having the unit independently tested to determine if there is a defect in the unit that caused it to fail . I will keep you posted as to how I make out and as to whether it is determined that the unit was defective.Based on my experience I would stay clear of this product .
 My mechanic warned me about Bulldog remote starters burning out the car 's starter motor . I should have taken his advice . I just finished ripping out the remote starter and installing a new starter motor in my son 's truck . DO N'T BUY A BULLDOG REMOTE STARTER ! It 's too bad Amazon.com wo n't let me give it zero stars .
 Well , that is what the box said , I bought mine a year ago , and the box is where it resides . I went to many different places and no one would install it for me --
 I checked Bulldog 's website to obtain the right harness for my 1992 Chevy Beretta . The chart showed a GM-3 . I ordered the GM-3 through Amazon and received the harness . The car did not use a GM-3 harness . The match-up chart on BullDog 's website showed a GM-3 -LRB- I double checked -RRB- . The installation notes for a 1992 Chevy Beretta showed a GM-1 . So I purchased the wrong harness because of BullDog 's incorrect information on their website . I contacted customer support and they will not help me . Will not return calls and when I do reach someone , they consistently transfer me to the supervisor voice-mail who has never called me back.The actual RS102 unit did n't have a range better than 15 feet so I called support . After trying everything they recommended I was told to send-in the unit for repair . No calls , no feedback , 4 weeks later I was sent a replacement unit that was the wrong model . I called support just to be transferred to voice mail that has yet to be answered -LRB- 1 week -RRB- . I am considering small claims court . USA made and guaranteed forever . That sold me . I feel bad with introducing this posting but others deserve awareness of my experience .
 I bought and purchased the remote starter at the bargain priced of $ 79.97 Canadian at our local Zellers Store in December 2002 . The unit worked fine for the first two months but on February 21st of this year the unit short malfunctioned at my office and the unit constantly began cranking the starter motor . Unfortunately by the time our facility management and security personnel were able to find me and I was able to disconnect the battery the unit had fried my starter and it was to late.I called and e-mailed the company everyday for a week and nobody would respond . After one week of trying I finally did get a response by phone and they said to send it in and they would have a look at it . They advised that this type of failure had never happened in the past . When I found out that these failures have happened and due to the length of time it took for them to respond to such a serious problem , I was n't left with much confidence that I would get anywhere with them so I decided that the retailer would have to intervene . I am trying to reach a settlement to obtain compensation for the $ 700.00 I am out of pocket . They are having the unit independently tested to determine if there is a defect in the unit that caused it to fail . I will keep you posted as to how I make out and as to whether it is determined that the unit was defective.Based on my experience I would stay clear of this product .
 A friend came home with one of these recently . In big letters on the label , it says `` easy to install '' . He could n't make sense of it . He asked me to look at it . I have a year of college electronics study and I could n't make sense of it either.The technical manual almost seems to be purposely written to be obtuse ... there is no overview to give the would-be installer a clue of what is supposed to occur . The CD that comes with it is equally nasty ... a lot of tech talk that probably only an ASE would understand . Additionally , part of the audio is clipped on it.The item installed properly may be of some value ; I do n't know . We wo n't be installing it . Too GD much trouble . Happily he did n't lose money on it because someone else gave it to HIM . -LRB- Is a picture forming in your mind here ? -RRB- They DO have tech support numbers written all over everything , along with a tech website . I 'm not touching either of them . The product label , patently false , -LRB- It is not at all `` easy to install '' -RRB- and the utterly horrible written and CD guides are sufficiently skanky that I know I want nothing to do with it or with anything else that has the label `` Bulldog Security '' or anything at all that has to do with its parent company JBS Technologies.In my opinion , the operation should be prosecuted for false advertising , and not dealing in good faith
 The product is misbilled as a 10-minute , one-wire installation . Rather , the alarm requires a difficult , `` professional '' type of installation with numerous relays , drilling , removal of dash and door panels , and such . Technical support at the manufacturer 's website and 1-800 was non-existant as no technician responded to my inquiries and request for help after numerous attempts . Try another alarm !
 I purchased the 6002PRO , the alarm had problems from day one . The alarm had to be sent back to factory -LRB- at my expense -RRB- for an ajustment for sensitivitey . I was promised an additional transmiter for my inconvenience , when the alarm came back there was no extra transmiter . I could get no satisfaction from factory . I kept getting too many false alarms so finally disconected siren and use it strictly for remote door locks . My advice . DO N'T BUY ANY BULLDOG PRODUCTS .
 If you are thinking of buying from this company I would suggest you first call their toll free support number 800-878-8007 , leave a message and wait for a return call.In the process of installing the alarm , I called their technical support group several times . Each time I reached a voice mail box asking for me to leave my name and number and they would call back . Most times this never happened and I had to call them back a second or third time.I purchased this alarm just before Christmas . When I opened the package and tested each of the buttons on the remotes , I discovered one of the remotes had a bad button . After several phone calls to `` customer service '' I was told I would need to send the remote back to them . At my expense of course .
 Before you buy a Bulldog product , try to contact their tech support line ... or email tech support and wait for an answer . They do not return calls and do not answer email.I installed the 6002 system and `` radar '' sensor in a Jeep Wrangler Rubicon soft top ... wanted the radar sensor to protect the vehicle when the top is down . For good protection , you really need two of these sensors ... one for the front seat area ... and one for the rear area . The seats appear to totally block the sensor.The system is installed ... and most of the functions operate as described . But beware of numerous misprints in their literature . The polarity of one connection is a misprint ... the radar adjusts opposite of the way it 's indicated ... and the current sensing is actually set to on when the manual states the factory setting is Off.The starter immobilizer worked during installation ... but does not work now . And the domelight supervision does not work . I 've been waiting several days for return phone calls or an answer to my email . Their tech support is virtually non-existent .
 I Installed the 6002 Alarm and it worked for 3 months and then didnt work anymore . Sometimes it made the pre-alarm warning sounds at random.I had ordered the upgraded version of this alarm and received the older version .
 this alarm do n't due bulldog justice i have always took pride in the company stand behind its product but this alarm system makes me ashame to have the logo on my car it work good for a week or two now all its good for is unlocking the doors an sometimes it doesnt even do that it took a long time to hook up and the end result is you feel no safer than before you installed it . its better to leave your keys in your car with a sign thats says steal or protected by bull dog alarm what joke they even use the word protected . do not buy unless you just want and alarm that beeps not protect
 After buying a Bulldog alarm I lost my transmitter . I accessed their internet site and it was very plain and unfriendly . It had few options and no explanation of what to do . Their techical support telephone service is unreachable . I think Ill have to uninstall this system and buy a new one from a responsible dealer .
 I originally purchased this alarm to upgrade an existing factory GM keyless entry -LRB- no alarm -RRB- with the alarm feature . The Bulldog alarm did not allow use of the existing factory GM keyless remote to arm and disarm the system . The remotes supplied with the system had a very cheap feel to them compared to the factory GM remotes . I contacted the technical support number twice to discuss posible options to arm and disarm the system with the factory GM remotes . On two occasions , I could not contact a live person and left messages . I never did receive a call back . I was left with no option other than return the alarm and shop elsewere . I would not recommend this alarm , as there is no technical support .
 I recently installed a Model RS92 . The directions that came with this remote car starter are not only hard to follow , but if you follow a certain portion of the directions , as they are depicted , you will most likely damage your vehicle 's wiring . Most autos will require additional hardware to properly install these remote starters , and the directions are very poorly written . Forget trying to get in touch with them . The phone is always busy and they do n't reply to e-mail . My RS92 failed out of the box , and I ca n't get anyone to repair/replace it . I have an Associates degree in Electrical Technology , and I still had a hard time figuring these directions out . Do yourself a favor find another manufacturer !
 I do n't even know if my Remote Starter works because I received the installation instructions for an Alarm System 5002 Pro and have n't been able to contact anyone in the Tech Support department to clear up the mix up . I have been calling for 8 consecutive business days and the line is always busy . I have emailed without success and faxed without success . It appears they take the money and run . I guess I am on my own . Maybe the Better Business Borough would be interested in what I have to say if Bulldog is not . Their web site is blatent false advertisement . They state that you will talk to a `` live person '' -LRB- a highly skilled tech -RRB- but they neglect to mention you will be 10 years older by the time they get back to you ! I believe this product is good but the company 's customer care ethics ! If you are looking to purchase a remote starter , try someone who will assist you with installation !
 After installing the RS92 in a 1999 cavalier I found that it will not work unless you order part # 721 to bypass the anti-theft system . Bulldog does not make any reference to this , nor is there technical assistance any help as they do not answer there phone and when you do leave a message they do n't return your calls .
 I also ordered the T-harness , which had no usable instructions , and clips which did not appear to plug into the other modules . The wires were not identified . The instructions for the parking light output were so incoherent as to be unusable . The manual is the worst I 've ever seen . -LRB- I work as a maintenance technician in an automated facility -RRB- . I have been calling the `` support '' # for 5 days . I have sent E-mail after E-mail requesting more info , No response at all . Now my dash is still unassembled with the unit halfway installed . One more day , and it goes back to them ! I would strongly advise against this unit , at least for the 96 dodge cars .
 I purchased the RS82 car starter . I decided to buy the `` time saver t-harness '' and had to buy the security bypass module as my truck has the passlock system . The first time I contacted tech support was for better instructions on the `` time saver t-harness '' as the instructions sent with it might as well have been used for toilet paper . Two emails -LRB- as there was no response for the first -RRB- and 5 days later I received an email with a bitmap detailed picture which was actually very good . One wonders why it is n't sent out with the t-harness in the first place . This delay should have been a good clue for myself to promptly return everything and get my money back , but I proceeded anyway and on Saturday -LRB- 11/9 -RRB- morning began the installation . Things went fairly smoothly until the passlock bypass module installation where once again the included instructions left something to be desired . I called tech support at 12:30 p.m. and left my name , number and info as requested as I could n't get to talk to anyone , they were busy . The message said that someone would return my call within 2 hours and that the hours for Saturday were till 4 p.m. . To this day I have not received a call . I emailed customer service with my complaint and yet again no response . Stay far far away .
 I purchase this remote starter back in 2008 . After few months sitting unde my bed i made my mind to install this stuff which i pay an fair price for.As far as performance i would n't lie to you , it 's not the best choice out there ... The remote does n't have that frecuency range needed to compete with its closest competitor.Many times i go to crank up twice or more to get the engine started at close distance -LRB- 4 feets -RRB- . I have no idea if the remote has issues , but after many times trying to figured out why i could n't find any thing.At the bottom end of this review all i can say is steer away from cheapo remote starters
 Good idea for product . I like the size too . The AC outlet works fine ; powers up my laptop fine . However , the car charger did not work at all . I plugged in different car chargers -LRB- cell phone car chargers and GPS charger -RRB- but they never powered on . Too bad .
 I have been in the automotive security industry for close to30years . I have been writing technical and marketing magazine columns about automotive alarm products for more than 17 years . I even consult to car manufacturers on this subject . I devoted my life to this industry and have done much research on the Bulldog product as a result of a civil court case for which I was an expert witness.Regarding the 4-button transmitter supplied with this product I performed an analysis on it and found that if it was dropped on a floor that it would fly apart almost 50 % of the time . This happens because the manufacturer refuses to use a screw to hold the case halves together even though they are aware of the problem . By not using a screw its faster to assemble . I have tested countless auto alarm products over the years for the magazines but this one takes the cake so to speak . There is a very good reason why Bulldog insists that the warranty card be returned within 5 days of purchase . They rely on the time delay that many people may encounter before they have the opportunity or have found the talent to perform the installation . This product has no function that will prevent the thief from starting the car and if the interior light ever burns out or is just turned off the alarm will not trigger in many cases . Any true professional installer will have nothing to do with this unit.Another example of the poor engineering on this product is the siren case thatalso houses the printed circuit board that controls that controls the alarm . It does not have a weather resistant housing to keep out the elements from getting to the circuit board and getting it wet which will ruin its performance . This could be cured by properly engineered siren housing , but that costs money . I answer many auto theft related questions on the internet for insure and help people with disappointments when their alarms are not installed properly or they are fooled into purchasing a poor quality product , no matter what the cost.Barnet Fagel
 I bought a talking Bulldog car alarm and installed it . The remote controller fell apart when dropped . The car alarm worked for around 3 weeks then died . I did not send in the warranty card within 5 days , so I was out of luck . It would have been warranted only for 3 months or a year . I wasted my money and time with Bull Dog . Ca n't recommend it . Better off buying a life-time warranty brand .
 I noticed when reading the product 's specifications that it listed the loudness of the porduct at 127db or decibels . Not many people know that a 3db increse in the sound rating translates into a 50 % increase in actual loudness as perceived by the listener . A report on this product performed by a respected consumer testing publication that does not accept advertising listed the sound output of the product at 95 to 97 db . This is a quantum difference in the sound rating . Most auto alarm sirens rarely exceed 121db in the 20 years that I have been testing them . For a manufacturer to ignore the true decibel rating of their product and publish erroneous ratings in an obvious effort to win the `` specifications game '' is all too telling about the manufacturer 's scruples . If the alarm maker can misrepresent this very basic rating then what other facts have been misrepresented?The magazine 's comments were
 I paid more to get the 2002 two remote model . But I gotthe single remote 2001 model . Richard
 Perhaps in this society of expensive cars , stereo systems and elaborate in-car cellular phones , `` Bulldog '' decided that when it comes to car theft protection , the ends justify the means . One of the options for this car alarm system is a woman 's voice crying out `` Please help me . '' In my neighborhood , when I hear a woman saying `` Please help me '' it used to be a cause for alarm . People would leave their apartments and look for the source . A neighbor of mine recently bought this system and set the alarm to the `` please help me '' option . After about one week of hearing the voice crying for help every time a cat jumped on the car , or a bus went too close , I stopped really hearing it.To take this step in CAR protection is disgusting . If the manufacturers did not think that this option would cause de-sensitization to the cries of a woman in trouble , they must not have ever had to walk the dark streets of the city , desperate to get home safely . This car alarm shows exactly where our priorities lie . Any length to protect your car . What 's next ? Crying Babies ? Gunshots ? Do n't buy this product . If you do , please , please do n't use the `` please help me '' alarm .
 I often prefer to shop with Amazon when compared to other online alternatives , however for this item , I was quite disappointed that Amazon does not include an adequate description of the item . Specifically it is difficult to confirm exactly what is included with this purchase because the generic description provided for both the front and back seats . Since I wanted to only purchase front seats , it was too difficult to confirm which one to purchase , so I found it elsewhere online . Too bad , Amazon missed out on my business this time . The lack of a phone number to call and confirm product details also does not bode well for Amazon .
 Got the part fast and it looked great . Then I noticed that 3 of the 4 studs were put on back ward . RE-installthem and put part on to find out that the spacing was wrong and the fan pulley touched the crank pulley . Had toinstall washers under flange to make the spacing right
 I often prefer to shop with Amazon when compared to other online alternatives , however for this item , I was quite disappointed that Amazon does not include an adequate description of the item . Specifically it is difficult to confirm exactly what is included with this purchase because the generic description provided for both the front and back seats . Since I wanted to only purchase front seats , it was too difficult to confirm which one to purchase , so I found it elsewhere online . Too bad , Amazon missed out on my business this time . The lack of a phone number to call and confirm product details also does not bode well for Amazon .
 It dose n't work properly , the buttons stop working after a certain time and it dose n't even do what I want it to do , sometimes , 1 out of 5 , yeah , it works okay .
 Here what I thought when I bought Bulldog 's Remote Starter : - Oh Great it is easy to install and they offer tech support if I get a little mixed up.Oh boy I was wrong.Every time I saw an advertisement on this product , they made sure to suggest it is easy to install.Bulldog printed big Bold words on their boxes `` Easy to Install -- Toll Free tech support ... patient and professional personnel to help you install your system right ! `` Yeah right!I have been calling them for the last 4 days to get a diagram as they promised . They say they will fax to you ... yes they will if you can leave 1000 messages on their machine . I only left 500 messages so far , 500 more and I am ready for business.You got have a fax to get a diagram.Don ' t be silly thinking you can talk to a human on the phone . Such thought is not real.Try their web site It is slow , poor design , poor taste , cheesy , no help whatsoever -- zero -- zippo -- nada -- nothing helpful -LRB- so far -RRB- I do n't even know why they have a web site . Instead of spending time making a website , they should get on the phone to help their customers.It sucks , they promise diagrams on the web , they have a half dozen cars listed there , yet they do not have any diagram available on the web.Unless you are good with the sort of electronic gadgets , do not buy it thinking any child can install it.Don ' t think it is a piece of cake as they advertise , and do not waste your time dialing their number either.See the other comments , almost everyone complaints is about the same issues.I call what they are doing false advertisement.As far as the performance goes , assoon as I have it installed , I will write about it .
 While the concept is a wonderful idea , unless the average consumer is an electronic wizard and can install themselves , finding anyone to install it is next to impossible . Most auto repair facilities will not install it and stereo installation facilities will charge an average of $ 60 per hour with 4-6 hours estimated . Contact with the manufacturer was of no help . Installation in manual shift cars is prohibited . Installation in automobiles with computer systems has caused many problems . Additionally , fires have been reported . At the present time , I am waiting for Return Autorization from Amazon for the two that were purchased .
 I purchased two starters to install into a VW Cabrio and a Jeep Grand Cherokee , and returned both of them . Although this product looks like a great starter for the money , it is not something the average person will be able to install . This seems to be particularly true for installing it into newer vehicles . I have installed car stereos , speakers , cd players , etc into cars before , but this product is a lot more complex to install . In order to install in the Jeep , I would have to purchase 4 additional relays and install them into the doors just to get the remote unlock to work . There was also a variety of things that need to be done depending on the type of factory alarm you have . You will need to use and understand a volt meter , soldering gun and automotive electronics in general . Bulldog does have an excellent tech support line that will provide you with wiring diagrams and help if you run into trouble . The only complaint I have about the tech support is that it is very hard to get through to them since the phone line is busy most of the time or you just receive a recorded message . It took me several days and I had to leave several messages before I finally got the wiring diagrams . This is not a do-it-yourselfer product unless you have extensive experience working with automotive electronics . If you buy one , I recommend getting it professionally installed .
 This company sucks , there is no one to answer the phones anymore . I have a unit I installed 4 years ago and now I am having issues with the unit and can not reach a real person for warrenty . The phone goes on for about 30 min then tells you the mailbox is full and to try your call again . Just another company that outsourced and ruined their customer service . Do n't waste your time , pay a little more and buy an real unit from a real company and save the heartache .
 Had the bumper protector installed on my new Honda CRV . These were easy to install and and looked great initially . However , 3 months later one of the protector just came off and the other was loosely dangling . And this is with my car being parked in indoors in a garage and sparingly driven . I was quite disappointed as it was obvious that the 3M glue on the protector pad was of cheap and not durable quality . I contacted the customer service with the issue and was informed that the product might not have been installed properly and the 30-day return time limit has past . I wondered if I had not installed the product properly , how did it stay installed for 3-months ! Anyway , I 've decided not to order any other product from this company as they ca n't stand behind their product . My suggestions is that these pads are ok and clearly not worth more than a couple of dollars as one will have to buy new ones every few months !
 I primarily bought this meter for it 's non-electrical functions
 I received this unit today and have been testing various power sources , both DC & AC for the last hour . Sometimes it works perfectly and properly presents the appropriate voltage , other times it just starts counting up or down , still other times it does nothing.Testing the household outlets was the last straw . Voltage fluctuated slightly , but some sockets , that are known to be good , showed no voltage at all , even after many attempts . That 's inexcusable . When a meter is off checking AA batteries , it 's not a big deal . A person could get killed if the meter does n't function properly when testing 110VAC power wires and outlets . I ca n't trust this unit , so back to the dealer it goes .
 This stuff looks really nice right after it is applied but it does n't have any durability whatsoever . Recently I 've started using Mother 's FX Tire Shine and it is a huge improvement over this product . Black Magic is very thin and watery which allows it to spin off and rinse off easy when it is wet out . The product from Mother 's is very thick in comparison and does n't sling off while giving a much better shine .
 I JUST TRIED THIS FRICKIN KRAP ON MY BRAND NEW TIRES , FOLLOWING INSTRUCTIONS , AND WHERE THE PRODUCT CONTACTED THE RUBBER IN SPRAY AND SOME DRIPS , THERE ARE NOW RAISED MARKS IN THE RUBBER LIKE WELTS !!!! ITS COMPARABLE TO AN ALLERGIC REACTION ON YOUR SKIN OF RAISED WELTS . SO NOW WHERE THE SIDEWALL WAS SMOOTH BLACK , NOW ITS BUMPY . IM SO PISSED , AND IM CONTACTING BLACK MAGIC TO FILE A MAJOR COMPLAINT !!!!!!!
 The Black Magic tire wet does not produce the claimed `` wet look '' as it says on the bottle . It does make the tires look nice but nothing like the bottle says or a wet glare .
 The first -LRB- and last -RRB- time I sprayed some of this `` Black Magic Tire Wet '' substance onto the sidewall of one of my 2006 Scion tC tires , as per the instructions , I watched in abject horror as it dissolved , on contact , a six-inch section of my stock rim 's finish . The very next thing I did was throw the bottle in the trash.What kind of a tire shine product dissolves wheel rims ?! Does this stuff have hydrochloric acid in it ? For me , this would be like buying car wax that eats through the paint.Everyone should absolutely stay away from this product in the off-chance that it has an acidic chemical reaction with your wheel . Now I 'm left with the prospect of purchasing a new rim ...
 The clamp used inside of this fitting is pathetic . You put any tension on it and it strips away leaving you with a useless fitting . Total cheap , junk . It looks pretty in the picture , however , will not hold up . Who wants a clamp that is a poor design and will fail ?
 Per the Skyjacker website , this is only one leaf spring -LRB- add them to your cart to find out -RRB- . That said , you will need two of these if you are looking to replace both the left and right side . Oh and one other FYI , those nice looking coil shocks are not included .
 This is not really a terrible product - it 's just that it has been overhyped by the reviews and now I hate it . I paid more than I would otherwise and waited to have it shipped all because others have posted miraculous claims of its ability to clean.Well , it did n't really do anything to make my cloth auto upholstery look better -LRB- on either of my two cars -RRB- . Three applications just gave marginal results . It seems to be a decent carpet cleaner ; but so are ten different other products found on a grocery store shelf .
 broken at the bottom . and received it too late . also the brush is too tough like plastic weapon , i do n't want to destroy my seats.It smells good , though .
 This stuff really does work amazing , I used it on my microfiber couch and it looks 100x better . I actually purchased it at Lowes though for just over $ 3 .
 I opened this product white foam was coming from it and the nozel was broken . . and wen i touched that foam within 2 min i have redness in my hand . . most pathetic product ... dnt buy it ...
 I searched for `` microfiber cleaner '' on Amazon and this was the first thing that came up . The bottle says it 's safe for all upholstery . I tested it on a small corner and it dried with no problem . But when I applied it to the large , stained area on my couch , it dried leaving a HUGE ring . I hope the dry cleaners can remove it.Don ' t use this on microfiber ! You will ruin your furniture ! :-LRB- :-LRB- : -LRB-
 I tried removing a light stain from my white couch , but all this did was pill the surface and leave a dark ring . Did everything according to the instructions . Disappointed !
 I bought this to clean my Room and Board brand microsuede couch . It did n't work at all , and I followed all the directions . When we bought the couch they recommended cleaning with babywipes or water . But there are stains that are fairly permanent that I hoped Blue would clean . I guess it 's the wrong material .
 I have used Blue Coral Upholstery cleaner for about 10 plus years and have loved it . It got every stain out of ties , suits , rugs , just about anything . I have never used it on a fabric and not have it work . Now we have a new Coral Cleaner and it does not work on ties or suits . If I knew this change was coming I would have stocked up on the old stuff . I am really disappointed and will have to look for a new product . These days the present good quality would not have gotten off the sale shelf years ago . I am waiting to hear that everying is just the same as before , but it really is n't or maybe I just got a bad batch.My rating is very poor ! George K.
 I bought one of these for my grand prix , easy to put in but did not work.I called the sunpro helpline to firgure out what was wrong , they said it was a bad internal ground.So I sent it back and ask for anothor one.When I got it had the same problem , sent it back and got a refund this time . -LSB- By the way the problem ground makes the gauge read rich with car on or off nonstop -RSB-
 This product is n't really a clamp , It 's just a pretty sheath that does n't even slip over a clamp ! It is completely useless .
 You get what you pay for . I bought this as it was a great price . However , I saw more suds from my dishwashing soap . This formulation was n't even good enough to wash my lawn mower . Not impressed at all . For a comparable brand try the Wash and Wax from Turtle Wax .
 While RainX is great for your windshield -LRB- and other glass surfaces -RRB- , this car wash with the supposed Carnuba crystals does nothing great . I bought it when it was on sale for under two dollars to try it out , and it was quite disappointing . I ended up using it to wash only my wheels.Stick to other better brands for car wash like Meguiars or Zaino .
 The packaging shows 65/55 watts but shows 65/45 on the bulb housing ... Misrepresentation.The bulbs does work when installed though .
 I put these in and backed the car out off the garage for a test drive . First off I did n't think they were THAT much better than stock . They are better , I just expected more . I drove around the block , pulled back into the drive way and the bright or hi side of one burned out before I could get the garage door open .
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 This little meter is disappointing ... I guess I was expecting something a little more `` finished '' . Yeah , it works , assuming you have experience using multi-meters . The `` operating instructions '' are at best minimal ; and that 's being kind . If you do n't have some knowledge of how to use these kinds of meters , you 'd be better trying something else . Do n't want to beat this to death . But , I was surprised as to how really poor the documentation was.The meter seemed to be accurate enough for the average homeowner tasks . Compared to a Fluke or a Sperry , it 's pretty much third class . I would n't recommend it . Look around for something a bit more expensive and I 'm betting quite a bit better.A one word summary ... `` Cheesy ''
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 This DMM has a lot of features and is sensitive and autoranging . Unfortunately some of those same features are too limited to be useful . Take for example the frequency and duty cycle modes . They can only work with 10 volts or less . That alone has made those functions useless for me . I need both to work with 10 volts and higher , not the other way around . The front panel has a paper thin plastic on it . Good luck making that last in harsh conditions ! Your finger is liable to pierce right through it . To change the battery you have to `` undress '' or take off the thick protective rubber sheath , that protects everything except the front part , just to get to the battery compartment . Also , the AC mode does not work well -LRB- or any at all -RRB- to test for AC ripple . My other dirt cheap DMM does a wonderful job at that . Comes with a VERY nice and rugged carry case , and pair of test leads . The color is RED not yellow . I do notice that sometimes the DMM crashes and you have to switch it off and on to reset it - NEVER had that happen to me with the cheap DMMs before . MY conclusion about it , is that you are better off buying another brand . This one will disappoint you . Overpriced too , for over -LSB- ... -RSB- plus shipping .
 Knock off of the Autometer unit . No UL or FCC rating on the device . cheap plastic , completely inaccurate when put side by side to the Autometer and Snap on units .
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 I tried to charges an iphone and my GPS at the same time with this device . It would only charge one item at a time , which defeats the purpose .
 Terribly uncomfortable . It will not support 2900 pounds . I weigh 245 and it is already bending . The design is poor and it is just a matter of time before it breaks . For the price , there are much better options available .
 THIS IS FINE FOR CHILDREN BUT AN ADULT WEIGHT WOULD BEND IT.THEY SHOULD HAVE MADE IT WITH A HEAVIER GAUGE OF STEEL
 Terribly uncomfortable . It will not support 2900 pounds . I weigh 245 and it is already bending . The design is poor and it is just a matter of time before it breaks . For the price , there are much better options available .
 THIS IS FINE FOR CHILDREN BUT AN ADULT WEIGHT WOULD BEND IT.THEY SHOULD HAVE MADE IT WITH A HEAVIER GAUGE OF STEEL
 Terribly uncomfortable . It will not support 2900 pounds . I weigh 245 and it is already bending . The design is poor and it is just a matter of time before it breaks . For the price , there are much better options available .
 THIS IS FINE FOR CHILDREN BUT AN ADULT WEIGHT WOULD BEND IT.THEY SHOULD HAVE MADE IT WITH A HEAVIER GAUGE OF STEEL
 I started with the speaker packs . I saw very little result . Then dynamat said , well you really need to do the whole door , so I did . $ 400 later , I still have as much road noise as before and I covered my entire door frame on all 4 doors.Don ' t buy in to the hype . I know it sounds good , but the people who got results are just idiots who believe everything the are told . `` Miller lite is good beer , is n't it Johnny ? See the pretty women on TV , you 'll get them too if you drink Miller Lite . '' `` Duh ... Yes ... lite beer is good . . ''
 Very disappointed . We really needed this product . We would have taken a replacement but if two did n't work why would we think any would work .
 Terribly uncomfortable . It will not support 2900 pounds . I weigh 245 and it is already bending . The design is poor and it is just a matter of time before it breaks . For the price , there are much better options available .
 THIS IS FINE FOR CHILDREN BUT AN ADULT WEIGHT WOULD BEND IT.THEY SHOULD HAVE MADE IT WITH A HEAVIER GAUGE OF STEEL
 Terribly uncomfortable . It will not support 2900 pounds . I weigh 245 and it is already bending . The design is poor and it is just a matter of time before it breaks . For the price , there are much better options available .
 THIS IS FINE FOR CHILDREN BUT AN ADULT WEIGHT WOULD BEND IT.THEY SHOULD HAVE MADE IT WITH A HEAVIER GAUGE OF STEEL
 its crap , wont even stick to bike . dont waste the money . looks cool out of the packaging but its cheaply made and the adhesive is horrible .
 The strips worked great for a year . I was impressed that placing this small strips of rubber can prevent scratches , which is a constant headache since I park my car on streets of New York City.Unfortunately , after about a year the strips began to peal off from the edges . After some rain/snow , the trips completely fell off . The worst is that they leave ugly dirty glue marks on bumper surfaces . Even after cleaning the bumper I still can easily see marks on where the strips used to be . Now I can either -LRB- 1 -RRB- stick another trips on the same spot to hide the marks , or -LRB- 2 -RRB- have bumper repainted . I think I 'll go with -LRB- 2 -RRB- and find other type of bumper guards .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 Just got this charger a week ago , used it once . Second time out , it made a pop and died . When I called the company I was told that this charger is discontinued . I have owned two of these chargers in the past and they both died of fan failure . I am now getting ready to box this thing up and send it to the warranty place to see if they will replace the unit . Buy another ? Never again ...
 I bought this charger from Amazon a little over a year ago and use it about once a month . The fan became raspy when starting after about nine months but would sound ok once it it got going . Now it has stopped altogether.Interestingly , I was Googling this charger and `` fan '' and this Amazon review site popped up . I see it 's happened to others as well . A fan failure after a bit over a year shows very poor quality , especially since mine is not an isolated incident . How many people had this problem but bought them elsewhere or who do n't post reviews ? And the warranty issues are as I would expect.While I have the floor , my policy on warranties is
 I bought this to trickle charge my car that I rarely drive . This battery has `` Float Mode '' that is supposed to do this . The instructions say it should go into this mode automatically after fully charging . I waited days but it never switched to Float Mode ; meanwhile the built in fan is running 24/7 . So I emailed B&D ; for help . The gal who replied , Barbara Barr , did n't know the product , and on top of it , insisted all new batteries , my Die Hard included , are Gel type . I went back and forth with her for days , telling her that a Sears battery dept head told me they only make Wet type . What 's more , I can take the caps off the cells and see the liquid . She insisted it was a Gel type . I gave up on the online support and called the help number on the instructions . Nobody at their call center knew much about this charger . They set up a call back from someone at their headquarters . It took a couple of days to talk due to time differences . This man , Robert , was helpful and knew the product . The instructions should have explained that the charger switches to Float Mode only after the you first fully charged it , then left it hooked up while the battery slowly loses its charge . Once it falls below 12.6 v then it should go into Float Mode . In this mode , as its topping up the charge , the fan comes on , but should go off in between . The design flaw is , the built in fan stays on 24/7 until the charge falls below 12.6 v even if this takes weeks . The fan is to cool the CPU , but should only need that when the charger is charging and generating heat . It should have been programmed to turn the fan off while its waiting to go into float mode . Or , it should go into float mode immediately after it fully charges . Or , they could give you a manual switch to put it in float mode.They could of had a good product . Its so close . Yet , its flawed . I 'll keep it because there are no good alternatives in the same price range . But you have to tolerate the bad design.UPDATE - Well , the charger stopped working . The fan never going off was a warning sign . Then , finally , it would show an error message within minutes of hooking it to any battery . I tried it on a new batter too . I had to ship it to Florida to get a replacement . It cost me over $ 25 from Hawaii , which is about 60 % of what I paid for it . The woman I originally spoke to and emailed about it , quit her job . The USPS tracking number I had from Delivery Confirmation showed they got it around June 20th . I did n't hear boo from them so I called and found out it did n't show in their system as returned until July 10th so for 20 days it was in limbo somewhere within their facility . Anyway , it took until October 10th to receive the replacement . Seems to work but I wo n't leave it hooked up all the time . Oh , and the cable clamps do n't have any rubber/vinyl covers to protect you from shock like the original one did .
 As of 12/9/10 , I am downgrading the product to two stars because the warranty services has changed . In the last update , I noted that the Dewalt service center had cheerfully and quickly gotten me a replacement unit . Delightful ! So when it broke again in the same way -LRB- the cooling fan stopped working again -RRB- , I drove across the island to the same Dewalt outlet with the thing.However , this time they told me to go away . In the intervening time , Black & Decker has decided not to support this product with their Dewalt network of service centers - offloading the entire line to `` Baccus , Inc '' which has only a center in Florida . Any problem with the unit ? You have to mail it at your own expense to Florida . Inasmuch as it 's pretty heavy , this is quite an expense.So I 'm downrating it to 2 stars . The warranty now is n't worth much to me , since the unit is often discounted to below what the shipping will cost to send it for warranty repair . If you live in Florida near `` Baccus '' , maybe it 'd be a better deal . __________________________________________________________ previous update last year : I 've dramatically uprated this from 1 to 4 stars . Why ? Well , you can see my original review below . According to the paperwork packaged with the one I got , the warranty is invalid if you have n't registered it in the first 30 days . HOWever , I decided to take it to the B&D ; warranty repair center anyhow , a bit of a trip so I waited until I 'd be nearby . Well , they could n't have been nicer . Just took my name , looking at the manufacturing code , and said they 'd ship me a new one . Danged if they did n't , too - within a week I had it . My actual experience with Dewalt warranty service was excellent . So now the only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is that it broke in the first place under normal use , and that the weasel-worded warranty paperwork nearly stopped me from trying to get it repaired under warranty . So ignore the warranty paperwork inside and just take it to Dewalt if it breaks.My original ornery review is below : __________________________________________________________ I bought this from amazon and put it on the shelf for when I 'd need it . Nobody actually needs to recharge their battery and orders one mailorder for a specific job , right?Well , I opened it and used it about 5 months ago , seemed to work fine for the light duty I put it to . However , today I tried it and it was kaflooey , an error message and no recovery , the little fan does n't go anymore to cool it , etc. . This was just normal usage , no mistaken polarity , just used on a 12v car battery.When I got it last year , it offered a 5 year warranty , not just the two years the Amazon ad claims now . Well , still , it broke within two years , so no harm , right ? I 'll just eat the shipping and mail it back for a fix.WRONG ! Reading the fine print , not `` registering '' it within 30 days of original purchase voids the warranty ! Heck , I do n't even think I GOT it for two weeks after the purchase date . I was supposed to open it and tear it apart looking for the fine-print warranty card the day it arrived ? Did n't say that in the Amazon ad OR the outside of the box.So it 's junk . I got 5 months ' use out of it before it failed during light normal use . I 'll be checking into state laws RE sleazy warranties , but I thought as a public service I should let you know it 's got a sleazy warranty . If you buy this , search the fine print and register it the day you get it , because in my experience it 'll break a lot sooner than the warranty expires.Amazon , if you read these , contact me . Thanks .
 I bought this battery charger locally because I needed a charger and I had loaned my old , manual charger to someone who never returned it . My daughter had left the dome light on in her car and when she tried to start it all she heard was the starter solenoid clicking away . It worked quite well for that purpose , started the car right up.I should mention that I have been working on cars since I was in high school and did it professionally for a while . So I like to think I know my stuff . Also I embrace technology and can see the advantage of a smart charger ... right?A few days ago I was at home and needed to go to an appointment . Everyone in the house was gone , and the only car left was my 2006 Saturn Ion , which I had not driven for a couple of weeks . I got in and turned the key . Nothing dead as disco.No problem right ? Just hook up my handy dandy smart charger . That is when I found out that this charger , and all automatic chargers , will apparently not charge a dead battery . The charger acted as if the cables were not connected . Googling the problem was very enlightening , apparently the computer chip in the unit does not `` see '' the battery if the voltage is too low . So if the battery is really flat , it will not work . Typically you can revive a battery like that by charging it slowly . But not with this charger!Luckily I had a 115V gasoline generator with a 12V auxiliary circuit . I charged the battery for about 30 minutes using the generator then all of a sudden my Smart Charger decided there was a battery there after all and started the car.So my takeaway message is this ... the charger has limited usefulness . If you have a battery that is really dead , it will not work . I understand why they build them this way , it is to prevent people from hooking up the charger and walking away and cooking the battery . That 's fine , but there should be a manual override to allow you to bypass the chip and just supply juice.I ended up buying a nice , simple Schumacher manual charger from Amazon and giving this one away . For topping up a battery in long term storage or one that is a little weak , it 's fine I guess . But this is not the type of charger you will ever see in a service facility .
 I bought this charger based upon positive reviews , but I have been very disappointed . This charger frequently refuses to charge known good batteries , instead detecting a `` open cell '' fault . I can charge that same battery with a $ 25 charger . THEN , this charger will say that the battery is fine and full charged . Most recently , I connected it to each of a pair -LRB- one at a time -RRB- of BRAND NEW Trojan Deep Cycle batteries that I wanted to top off , as they arrived only 85 % charged . Again , this charger refused , detecting that BOTH of these batteries had an open cell fault . My other complaints are the the power cord and charge cords are very stiff , cheap materials , and the operation of the charger is not intuitive . If you want one of these chargers REALLY cheap , I will gladly sell you mine .
 Did you get a load of that voltage gauge reading?Because there is n't one.It wo n't charge a dead battery , because it has to have feed back to work.F01 , is all you get . You have no clue what state the battery is in.What the heck is that crap.You have to roll it over and look on the back to see what the code means.Failed to charge , and other worthless nonsense.Talk about a worthless box of junk.No one knows what their talking about saying it will charge a dead battery.The charger will give you a code saying replace battery.So I haul the battery to Interstate battery to have them replace it.They will also tell you this charger does not take a stone dead battery to any level.They charged the battery to full level which more than proved a point.You want a real Charger , stick with Schumacher Types Like SSC-1000A Automatic Speed Battery Charger.I love this guy . He tells you everything.I 've been in the Auto Trade for more than 40 years , and you need the facts in your face.I purchase roughly 1200.00 worth of batteries a year.I 'll spend an hour taking this guy on tour to keep all batteries at peak.And it 's compact . Not like that bowling bag worthless thing I purchased.I have several chargers over the years , and the Schumacher is the first choice for the mission.Someone at Black & Decker ; really messed up this time.Take a look at Vector ; http://www.amazon.com/Vector-Smart-Battery-Charger-Engine/dp/B000LNRAOU/ref=sr_1_9?ie=UTF8&s;=automotive&qid;=1210336034&sr;=1-9Notice how Amazon does n't let you examine photo up close.Busted .
 i purchased this charger having faith in the name black and decker - big mistake , product is just shy of being junk , this charger will not charge a dead battery . such as a battery that is dead from leaving a dome or interior light on . it will show a fault that says battery has internal short . not the case , if you take an old charger and get a slight charge then this charger will charge just fine . how many people buy new batteries because of this . also the cooling fan has started to make noises as if the fan were trying to escape . all and all bad bad purchase , very disappointing
 Two experiences with two units.First one worked super all the way around . While under warranty the unit failed under normal use . I attribute this to one jump start a few weeks earlier , but I dont really know . At least I got the jump on the morning I needed it . The manufacturer sent me a new unit non the less and I was satisfied.The second charger worked well and as advertized when it was new . After a few months and now beyond warranty period with usual use to maintain my vehicles , the fan started making noise . Sometimes , bumping it get the fan back on track and to full speed . While it was noisy , I at least knew the fan was trying to run even if not to full speed . Yesterday while charging my truck on the 2A setting I was thinking how quiet the charger fan was running . Looking back I am pretty sure the fan had stopped running , now it 's 100 % dead . No LEDs when plugged in at all . No response from any buttons.So overall , not a bargin . It did charge my car/atv/tractor batteries well when it worked . I ca n't recommmend it with two for two failures and the reasonable number of months I had them . Good chargers when working , but prone to failures . I am seeking a new charger with the same smart charging , but built to last .
 I have had this charger for about 1 and 1/2 years . It worked well at first but the 3 stage charging has failed to regulate voltage properly . After damage to 2 batteries I checked charge voltage on a third battery when I noticed it was still charging at maximum amperage 8 hours after charge had started.VOLTAGE GOING INTO A WET CELL BATTERY WAS 17 + VOLTS . Battery was overcharged and I am not sure it will be serviceable . If not then another $ 125 for a new battery.I have seen in other reviews here that Black and Decker is unwilling to honor their warranty.Overall I would not recommend this charger to anyone.Would give it a ZERO star rating if possible .
 Purchased this for my garage , but was disappointed . The title says this is a smart charger , but it is actually just a big linear charger . Worse , this charger never shuts off , so you can not leave it connected for long periods of time . So I took one star off for bad description , and one star for charger not being turning off . The build quality is rather cheap , so i took another star off for that . Overall , not for me . I will be sending this unit back .
 Summary - This battery charger is manufactured by Bochus Global -LRB- not Black & Decker -RRB- and only has a one-year limited manufacturer 's warranty -LRB- not 5 years as stated on the Black & Decker website or 2 years as stated by Amazon -RRB- . Details - If you read the reviews for this product you will note that many posters have stated that the charger has a five-year warranty as opposed to the two-year warranty listed on the Amazon product page . When discrepancies in product details appear , I reference manufacturer websites and applicable product pages in order to make informed buying decisions . When I purchased this product on August 10 , 2011 and at the time of this review , the VEC1093DBD product page on the Black & Decker website and the on-line instructional manual overtly state that this product has a `` 5 Year Warranty . '' My decision to purchase this brand came down to paying a bit more for a five-year warranty ... When I received the product in the mail this afternoon , I was surprised to see that the product box stated a 1 year limited manufacturer 's warranty . After making a few phone calls , I discovered that a company called Bochus Global took over the Black & Decker battery charger division about a year ago , and that Bochus Global has downgraded Black & Decker battery charger warranties from 60 months to 12 months.I spoke with a Bochus Global phone representative regarding the discrepancy between the five year warranty advertised on the Black & Decker website and the 1 year warranty listed on the product box . I was advised that the warranty is now one year , and in an entirely counterintuitive statement , I was told that I should have looked at the Bochus Global website as opposed to the Black & Decker website . I responded by stating that I never heard of Bochus Global prior to my phone call , and that seeking product information on the Black & Decker website would seem to be the intuitive and appropriate means by which any typical consumer would seek to gather accurate Black & Decker product information . I did ask the phone representative why Bochus Global would possibly expect a consumer to go to the Bochus Global website as opposed to the Black & Decker website , why erroneous product information has been left on the Black & Decker website for 12 months and if Bochus Global will honor the overtly advertised five-year warranty . The representative declined to answer the first two questions , stated that Bochus Global would not honor the advertised Black & Decker five-year warranty , but indicated that a product warranty representative will contact me to discuss the matter further.I will give the product warranty representative a few days to contact me but all-in-all , I question the competence of a company that has failed to update a product page after 12 months and the character of a company that will not honor an advertised warranty . If Bochus Global inevitably decides to do the right thing and honor the advertised warranty in writing , I will keep the battery charger despite the above concerns . If not , I will return this item and purchase a battery charger with equivalent features with a two or three year warranty for 20 to 30 % less . I guess the moral of this story is `` informed consumer beware . ''
 I have owned this unit for 14 months and used it fairly often . The unit looks very good and feels solid . However , all the voltage setting were the same for AGM , Wet and Gel , ... and they were too high at 15.1 volts while the recommended voltages on batteries were either 14,4 or 14,8 , . . there is no ability to adjust , . . this would probably be even worse for Gel Cells . These AGM and Gell batteries are very sensitive to voltage , as the electrolyte can be dried up by over heating.After about 6 months of use , the cooling fan started making a horrible noise and the vibrations keep it from running at top speed.Now , in the past week the top charging voltage has dropped from 15.1 to 12.9 when set to 10 amps and 13.5 v when set to 40 amps . This is not enough to fully charge the Battery before the charger turns off and says that the battery is `` Full . `` Perhaps I have a defective unit from the start , . . but this has been very frustrating .
 I have had several of the BD chargers like this and all have failed . The fan failed in almost every one . Also , had problems with pushbutton failures and one locked up in the FO5 overtemp mode and could not be used for anything . Lots of mailing back for repairs . The BD web site currently shows the warranty period to be only 1 year not 2years as indicated in this add . The people that does the repair on these units recommended the newer Stanley units , Stanley BC4009 40 Amp Automatic Battery Charger . Newer , more automatic , cheaper & probably has a longer warranty . The Amazon ratings for the newer charger are also much higher . Good luck with this one .
 I Have had this charger for a year and a half , the cooling fan would stop working at times . Now the fan has stoped and the unit is overheating.When it worked if was fine . The unit should last longer than 1.5 years . I am returning if for a replacement under warranty .
 I 'm sure that this product works as described , but there are no instructions and no installation hardware included . I am certainly not mechanically saavy , but I can see that the deflector has holes that align with the underside of the hood . The only issue is the package had no screws that you would use and I do n't know what kind to buy . For the cost of this product , I would hope that they could afford to include the screws for installation . Very dissatisfied with my purchase because now I have to go track down screws at the hardware store . This product was packaged as if someone assembled this in their garage . Not impressed .
 Wrong part sent and the packaging was n't long enough for the product ! Poor communication and service was what we had with each contact .
 Fit and finish is really bad on these cut out areas are off by 1/2 '' in some areas and the length was too short.I felt that they could have used more 3m tape , should have went with the more expensive Bushwacker brand .
 This package came in with corner cut out and rubber boots in a small zip bag . Top it off one of the rubber boots were the wrong boot , so I had to go to local parts store to find the right boot , because didnt want to pay for return shipping ! Anyway I dont recomend this seller to anyone ! They advertise new and you get open used product !! On the plus side the package got here fast !
 The pump broke after only six months of use . Only used it 6 times on some bus tires .
 I bought this a couple of years ago for my bicycles . The compressor worked on and off to my fustration for about a year and then just stopped working - it powered on , but apparently the compressor did n't want to play . I forgot about it and after moving I found it and plugged it in last month . Wo n't even power up now - put it in recycling trash .
 ThermoQuiet ? Not at all.Installed on a 1998 Chevy Malibu and they have a high squeal sound whenever I lightly touch the brakes . They were okay for the first month or so , just enough time to make them impossible to return .
 Pissed ! Ok everythings in the box , but the chrome on the valve covers is n't good :-LRB- the chrome is nonexistant around the entire flange ! Wtf ! If I was n't in a rush to get my truck on the road -LRB- just got a crate 350 and it did n't come with the valve covers -RRB- I would send this crap back . One would think that when Amazon stocks things they run quality checks on the things they stock . Not so ! Yes it fits but the chrome is only on the top and sides not the base / flange . The flange is raw unfinished aluminum . It fades to chrome up the side . This sucks . But hey you get what you pay for. :-LRB- will I buy or refer anyone to buy from amazon ... not unless this is resolved . Like send me another kit out asap . And quality check the thing first . If the local parts store sold me this it would of never left the counter . Again Quality Check !
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 The dipstick does not fit my car ! A 97 Mercury Mountaineer 5.0 . It does not match the original part . I was disappointed .
 The tail light comes with holes for bulbs that will not accept the bulb housings on the OEM wiring harness .
 This picture is for the Xenon FF200 which is not consistent with the description
 I expected much better quality from Thule . As used according to the manufacturers recomendations , this bag did not even last one trip from New York to Chicago without it 's interior lining cracking and completely flaking off . In addition , the back of the bag ripped creating two large holes in the fabric and the zipper attachments became loose and proceeded to pound at the roof of my car . The contents shifted continually during travel making for a loud noise that 's not unlike a pouring rain hitting the top of the car . This becomes a terrible distraction while driving . All in all I had a very bad experience with this product and would not reccomend it . Opt for one of the solid constuction type carriers , they cost much more , but are worth every penny . In the end I thought I was saving money with this product but wound up having to purchase a Sears X-Cargo container to replace it for my return trip back .
 My first 856 Nomad practically disintegrated during the first trip . The replacement bag has begun the same process after two 11-hour trips on the interstate . The inside liner is cracking and rips are begining in the outer liner . I have been careful not to exceed the 100 lbs . limit or to overstuff it . In hard rain , the first bag did not resist water at all.The ease of use makes this an appealing product , but I have determined it would be better to pay more for a hard cover carrier . The material of this product is not suitable for highway driving , especially if it rains .
 Big enough for 3 sets of golf clubs and it did help us out . Worried about quality as the stitching around the tiedowns was starting to break and everything inside got soaked from the rain we drove through . I think that Thule quality is sinking fast !
 We took this bag with us up to Washington and after only one day of driving small tears started on the inside which caused our belongings to get wet when it rained during the drive . A very big disappointment . I recommend not buying .
 I had seen some negative reviews on the soft type cargo carrier but figured with a name like Thule it was worth buying . First time used , a wooden child safety barrier gate -LRB- with no sharp edges , and no stretching of the bag to accomodate it -RRB- had worn a 6 inch hole thru the rear of the bag in less than 200 miles travel . The only other things being carried were a couple of foam `` boogie boards '' and several beach toys and floats.I would n't use this bag for anything more than soft clothing - the material is not as robust as winter jacket shell cloth - and nothing like the ballistic nylon that suitcases are made of.Update
 WHILST BEING A STURDY AND SOLID PART , IT WAS LISTED TO FIT THE MAZDA TRIBUTE AND IT DOES NOT . THE BOLTS ARE TOO BIG AND THEREFORE DONT PASS THROUGH THE HOLES ON THE VEHICLE
 I thought this fold up creeper maybe had some little wheels underneath to allow you to roll under and out from under a car , but that 's not the case . This is nothing more than a fold up pad that you can lay on . It 's about an inch thick . It does not make sliding in and out easier , in fact it makes it harder because the pad sticks to the concrete or the asfault . A peice of thick cardboard works better than this does I think . This is basically not a creeper in the usual sense of the word . It would work great as a seating pad for two poeple at ball games or any other type of bleacher seating where your bottom might need padding .
 So , you think you have a good price . Add another $ 6 + for freight . Forgive me , but does n't anyone know about US MAIL ?
 After about 6 months in use it just fell apart . Very cheap and substandard welds . If you can your best bet -LRB- if you are on a budget like me -RRB- is to get a used OEM unit in good condition . That is what I ended up doing and it is working great . It seems you ca n't get a good aftermarket mount for these Saturns . The top engine aftermarket mounts are equally disappointing provided you would like getting more than 10,000 miles out of it before they poop out .
 -LRB- June 2012 -RRB- Maybe these used to be made in the USA -LRB- an online search indicates this -RRB- , BUT the product I received specifies that they are MADE IN CHINA . ** sigh **
 I 've planned a summer-long tour of the northwest USA via RV and motorcycle . One of the ` must do ' items is to check MC tire pressures regularly . My bike needs a flexible connection to ensure a solid connection to the tire valve . That 's why I ordered this tire gauge . Unfortunately the gauge arrived with the needle on the wrong side of the zero peg , thus rendering the entire gauge unusable . Additionally there was no way to take the gauge apart to remedy the problem.Based on that problem I can not recommend this gauge .
 These brake pads squealed worse than my Autozone pads right out of the box . They 're so loud , people stare when I back out of a parking space . They were installed per Wagner 's specs along with new Wagner brake rotors .
 The delivered floor mats did not have the required 2 grommet holes in the driver 's side mat . The photo shows 2 grommet holes and it is required for safe driving . I returned the mats the same day that I got them .
 I bought the Unilite after returning an HEI that was guaranteed to be made in the USA . but had a huge sticker
 had the dissy in my car and had lots of trouble with it at idle played with the cam and dissy settings with no luck , finally pulled it out and sent it off to be tested and got a report back that it was pulling on 40 degrees of advance at idle.had it adjusted and re curved for my application and now the problem is solved , Not very happy for what is meant to be a quality American product.I recommend if you purchase one have it tested and set to suit your application other wise you may have no end of troubles .
 Too sticky and gets ALL over the placeTakes TOO LONG to dryDries up in the bottle tip and clogs it , making it impossible to use the rest of the glue without cutting the tip off and making a huge mess .
 I bought a small bottle to try on a difficult chair repair . I am a reasonably experienced woodworker and prepared and clamped the joint carefully . The glue joint failed almost immediately . I repeated the process and the joint failed a few days later . I then used plain old Elmers and the joint is sound months later .
 Dries very slow ! although the sticker says dries 2x faster . oh , c'mon , takes forever , and then often leaves that white foam ... not happy with the product.And yes , this is not the first glue I am using in my life and I know how glue should work .
 This glue is ok but dries up in 2 oz . bottle after one use . Tried to use it after two weeks and it dried up . So unless you have a lot of extra cash do not purchase until they change the packaging so you can use it more than one time .
 I fell completely for the Gimmicky moniker `` Gorilla Glue '' . I needed glue to reinforce a heel on my shoe . I went to my local Walgreens and could not decide between Gorilla Glue or Super Glue . I unfortunately choose Gorilla Glue which proclaims to be for `` the toughest jobs on planet Earth '' . I followed the directions , used a clamp and let the glue set overnight -LRB- instead of two hours like instructed -RRB- . The glue 's bond came apart after 4 hours . I guess adding additional support to a shoe heel must be one of the toughest jobs in the Unvierse .
 We used this to repair a Batman cowl/mask and it did not work at all . We even activated it but it would n't set quick enough because the vinyl was too flimsy and did n't adhere to the plastic quick enough . Use this for something else
 The `` pro '' side of this product is that it IS very strong . It also sets up reasonably quickly.HOWEVER - It does n't last long in the bottle ! Once you open it , it pretty much has a few months until useless . I find that in FL , the humidity , even indoors , is enough to cause this glue to harden even faster . I got one use out of this glue and ended up throwing 98 % of it away as a result . It 's too expensive for that.Super Glue always had that problem , too , but they at least got smart enough to put their glue in multiple tubes scarcely the size of the tip of a pencil . When it dries up , you throw it away , opening up another small tube . Gorilla Glue would have much more value if packaged this way.Additionally , I find the following problems : - It expands a lot . If not securely clamped , it will not only deform the joint but ooze out . Now , this is good for filling the joint with glue so it has its places , as long as deformation and oozing is not a harm . - Messy . This overlaps with the upper issue but it deserves its own caveat . It 's also hell to clean up -LRB- wear gloves -RRB- ! - Requires clamps . Some things just ca n't be clamped . I tried to put a broken toilet lid back together ; what a mess ! It deformed and had raised ridges wherever the joints were . Ever try to clamp the corer of a toilet tank lid?All in all , it 's not a bad glue for the right application , but the problems , the waste and the high price put it way down the list compared to others . Be sure you 're willing to put up with the problems it brings before you buy .
 Works great and a very good price . This is n't flimsy junk that I was worried about but a simple dwell tach for use on cars with breaker points.I would have liked to see rubber over the clamps that afix to the coil instead of a plastic but not a big concern . This was the best price available here at Amazon after some comparison shopping.Update . Died last month -LRB- July 2012 -RRB- after a few uses since I purchased this item . Wo n't buy another .
 Purchased this tester to set all specifications on three of my classic vehicles.Hooked UP TO VEHICLE # 1 RPM had no reading . Hooked up to Vehicle # 2 and 3 stillno reading . Returned this tester and purchased a Actron CP7677 . All vehiclesrunning fine now . This does not mean the Actron CP7605 is not a good tester , Ijust received a bad one that got by quality control . If I could not have gottenthe CP7677 , I would have reordered the Actron CP7605.I , have used Amazon for many years and have never had a problem with a productI could not return . There service is the kind you do not get much of anymore .
 Amazon forgot to mention in the product description that this is for 4/6/8 cylinder engines and will not work on single cylinder engines at all .
 Had been using this filter on my 2009 WRX until I noticed during my most recent oil change that the filter was defective . Looking inside the filter there are small louvers which the oil has to travel through . On my filter I noticed that the louvers were not thoroughly punctured which would cause the oil to not pass through effectively . I will not be using this filter again due to poor manufacturing quality . Also the Subaru WRX requires a filter with the correct bypass pressure which only the factory filter provides .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 I had a Torza Top on my 2001 Silverado for several years and loved it . However , for the 2007 -LRB- new body style -RRB- Silverado it has been junk . While my earlier one stayed nice and tight going down the road , the vinyl on this one flops all over and drives you crazy because you can see it in your rear-view mirror . I took the first one back to where I bought it -LRB- not Amazon , but a local dealer -RRB- , and they tried sealing up the bed so no air got underneath it . That did n't help , so they ordered me a new one under warranty . However , the second one is even worse . I felt bad about repeatedly taking it back to the dealer , so I emailed the company to inquire what the problem is 3 times now over the past 6 weeks , and they wo n't even respond . There is some kind of mfg issue with this cover , as the vinyl is just way too loose . I 'm continuing to try to get this resolved with the company , but for now this product is unacceptable , as is their customer service .
 Although it claims to be an exact match for my 2005 Grand Prix , it was not . The MAF did not match up to my car and the mechanic said there can be variation in engine specs . So , it might fit your 2005-04 Grand Prix , but dont be surprised if it doesnt . In addition , the mechanic noted that these products are mostly hype , wont increase HP , and suggested just getting a K&N filter for your car -LRB- about 29 $ -RRB- .
 Just installed this on my 2004 Pontiac Grand Prix GTP . The sound when I barely press the pedal is annoying , I just hear all the rockers going back and forth . It sounds like I have a crack in my intake manifold . When I get on the gas , you can really hear the supercharger whining -LRB- the only reason this review deserves one star -RRB- . The problem is that I keep romping on the gas so that I do n't have to listen to the low end sounds.Bottom line on performance
 The product they said would fit did not fit . It was not the correct part . Their information was incorrect and they only gave a partial refund.Be very careful in ordering products thru Amazon as they are hesitant to acknowledge their mistake
 It should be Papa `` J '' for junk.I 've had a pair of VZ Papa G sunglasses -LRB- black frame , grey lens , polarized -RRB- for about six weeks now that I purchased locally and the lens coating that they had put on the inside part of the lens is already starting to rub/peel off badly . I take very good care of my sunglasses and this should not happen.I 've never owned a pair of Von Zipper sunglasses before this and I can tell you that I doubt I 'll be buying one of these cheaply made sunglasses ever again.I do like the way these sunglasses look and the tint is very easy on the eyes , but if I wanted to buy junk , I could go down to my local drugstore and get a cheap pair of sunglasses for twelve bucks instead of the hundred or so dollars that VZ sunglasses sell for.Stick with Maui Jim or Revo and , for the money , RayBan is excellent as well .
 It should be Papa `` J '' for junk.I 've had a pair of VZ Papa G sunglasses -LRB- black frame , grey lens -RRB- for about six weeks now that I purchased locally and the lens coating that they had put on the inside part of the lens is already starting to rub/peel off badly . I take very good care of my sunglasses and this should not happen.I 've never owned a pair of Von Zipper sunglasses before this and I can tell you that I doubt I 'll be buying one of these cheaply made sunglasses ever again.I do like the way these sunglasses look and the tint is very easy on the eyes , but if I wanted to buy junk , I could go down to my local drugstore and get a cheap pair of sunglasses for twelve bucks instead of the hundred or so dollars that VZ sunglasses sell for.Stick with Maui Jim or Revo and , for the money , RayBan is excellent as well .
 It should be Papa `` J '' for junk.I 've had a pair of VZ Papa G sunglasses -LRB- black frame , grey lens -RRB- for about six weeks now that I purchased locally and the lens coating that they had put on the inside part of the lens is already starting to rub/peel off badly . I take very good care of my sunglasses and this should not happen.I 've never owned a pair of Von Zipper sunglasses before this and I can tell you that I doubt I 'll be buying one of these cheaply made sunglasses ever again.I do like the way these sunglasses look and the tint is very easy on the eyes , but if I wanted to buy junk , I could go down to my local drugstore and get a cheap pair of sunglasses for twelve bucks instead of the hundred or so dollars that VZ sunglasses sell for.Stick with Maui Jim or Revo and , for the money , RayBan is excellent as well .
 I 've had a pair of these VZ Papa G sunglasses for about six weeks now and the lens coating that they had put on the inside part of the lens is already starting to rub/peel off badly . I take very good care of my sunglasses and this should not happen.I 've never owned a pair of Von Zipper sunglasses before this and I can tell you that I doubt I 'll be buying one of these cheaply made sunglasses ever again.I do like the way these sunglasses look and the tint is very easy on the eyes , but if I wanted to buy junk , I could go down to my local drugstore and get a cheap pair of sunglasses for twelve bucks instead of the hundred or so dollars that VZ sunglasses sell for.Stick with Maui Jim or Revo and , for the money , RayBan is excellent as well .
 It should be Papa `` J '' for junk.I 've had a pair of VZ Papa G sunglasses -LRB- black frame , grey lens -RRB- for about six weeks now that I purchased locally and the lens coating that they had put on the inside part of the lens is already starting to rub/peel off badly . I take very good care of my sunglasses and this should not happen.I 've never owned a pair of Von Zipper sunglasses before this and I can tell you that I doubt I 'll be buying one of these cheaply made sunglasses ever again.I do like the way these sunglasses look and the tint is very easy on the eyes , but if I wanted to buy junk , I could go down to my local drugstore and get a cheap pair of sunglasses for twelve bucks instead of the hundred or so dollars that VZ sunglasses sell for.Stick with Maui Jim or Revo and , for the money , RayBan is excellent as well .
 It should be Papa `` J '' for junk.I 've had a pair of VZ Papa G sunglasses -LRB- black frame , grey lens -RRB- for about six weeks now that I purchased locally and the lens coating that they had put on the inside part of the lens is already starting to rub/peel off badly . I take very good care of my sunglasses and this should not happen.I 've never owned a pair of Von Zipper sunglasses before this and I can tell you that I doubt I 'll be buying one of these cheaply made sunglasses ever again.I do like the way these sunglasses look and the tint is very easy on the eyes , but if I wanted to buy junk , I could go down to my local drugstore and get a cheap pair of sunglasses for twelve bucks instead of the hundred or so dollars that VZ sunglasses sell for.Stick with Maui Jim or Revo and , for the money , RayBan is excellent as well .
 For those of us not up-to-date on popular battery charger brands , this item description is very misleading . This is a regular old 12v battery charger that must be plugged into a 110 VAC outlet . It is not a solar powered battery trickle charger/maintainer .
 I was not happy with this product , the cap lock came apart and had a gas vapor leak , not good for smog checks .
 The overall quality of the cap is ` OK ' . The problem is that the seal inside the cap did not work well and caused a check engine light for an fuel / evaporation system leak . I still had the original OEM non-locking cap and swapped it back over . After scanning the car 's computer to see what the issue was , I check all of the fuel hoses and other areas and decided to try changing the fuel filler cap back . Restarted the car and the check engine condition went away . This might not be an issue on all cars , but mine is a 2001 Subaru Legacy -LRB- shown to be compatible with this cap -RRB- , so it is not a very new car for there to be a sensor issue like this .
 I have a 97 ford ranger Motorad MGC-900 Locking Fuel Cap will not work on it . Do not but this ...
 the web details say this 900 will fit my 2003 Tundra , but it dose not ! Beware ; my cap does not have threads - this does and will not fit .
 I have a 1987 ford F-350 Lariat XLT and it uses allot of gas . It has a 460 ci engine and 410 rear in it -LRB- such a lovely combination -RRB- . I bought this cap because we usually siphon gas from our cars for the lawn mowers , bikes and go-karts . Since I have the biggest tank and easiest to siphon in the family , I bought this cap to protect my investment in gas and the $ 109 fuel pump . It locks and has a vent for something built into it . The key has to stay inside so it can be opened which is kinda annoying . I 'm going to get another for the second tank when I get the pump for it . ** UPDATE ** I pulled the key out and the whole lock cylinder came out . The sad thing is I used it like 20 times in its whole lifespan . Luckily I was able to get it off my gas tank . I then pelted it at the ground and it disappeared ... . cant find it , I must have been really mad lolALSO I will NOT be getting another .
 Item will not fit cars that do not accept threaded fuel caps . This one says it will fit a 2002 Mazda B2300 , but it will not . Amazon was great with refunding me for this mistake . Quick and easy .
 Even the Amazon system shows that this fuel cap fit 2006 Hummer H2 . When I install it after first tank of gas run out the computer display the fuel cap not install and then check engine light . The problem is even it could be install on H2 but the rubber seal can not reach the right position and cause air get into the fuel tank this will cause check engine.Don ' t use this on your Hummer H2.When I check the system again today it shows that it did not fit Hummer H2 , may be that is my fault that I select a wrong cap. : -RRB-
 First of all , this locking fuel cap does n't fit my 2008 Honda Element ... I only purchased because there 's the green check with the words `` this product fits your 2008 Honda Element '' on top of the page . Not only I wasted money on something that wo n't fit my car , the cap is now stuck in my gas tank , which means I ca n't fill up my gas tank anymore , thank god I still had a little bit of gas left in the car or else I 'm doomed . Took the car to my mechanic he told me if they break any part trying to pull the fuel cap out it 'll be an easy $ 500 ... So I bought a $ 10.38 locking fuel cap and now ending up to spend around $ 500 to fix.Lesson learned , I 'm completely upset at myself for buying this piece of sh*t .
 I ordered both high and low note FIAMM Freeway Blaster horns to replace the original equipment horns on my 1965 Chevrolet . The high note FIAMM horn did n't work at all so I just applied for a return / refund through Amazon . The low note FIAMM horn worked , but the one original equipment horn on my car that is still working after 46 years of service is still noticeably louder than the new FIAMM horn ... so I do n't know where all these other reviewers got the idea that these horns are high quality or that they 're louder than original equipment ? Maybe compared to today 's original equipment car horns ? Maybe I got two lemons in the same order ? ... I should have gone to a junkyard to try and find a working OE horn instead .
 Not the usual sound you would expect , kind of raspy and after a few months one of the stopped working . Would not buy another .
 Wimpy , wimpy sound . Very disappointing . This horn is no way as loud as a Stebel I previously owned ; should have bought another one and not gone cheap !
 ordered this item along with it 's low tone twin . low tone twin works fine on stock triumph wiring , but this one for some reason draws so much more current it had to be wired through a relay . i thought that odd .
 I have tried to use this box for my sleeping bags . The box is great - very tough . The major flaw is the center latch/lock . The latch is on the inside of the bin . If the bin is too full and something is pressing against the latch , the bin is very difficult or impossible to open . I would n't recommend this box until they fix the latch problem .
 I was purchasing a CD for my Son . During the process I searched for TR4A 's . That 's a 1960 's Triumph Sports Car . I found a Triumph Magnetic Drain Plug there which I am reviewing now . Although I thought I was receiving a TR4A drain plug -LRB- that 's what I searched on -RRB- , and the description indicated `` Triumph '' , I purchased it . The drain plug did not fit a Triumph Sports Car , it fit a Triumph Motorcycle . I could n't use it , nor affort to send it back . I was n't pleased with the product or how it was portraied .
 wrong one was delivered , reordered and again the wrong one came in , not even for my make of car.Will not reorder from this company again .
 I have a 370z with rays wheels on them . These do NOT fit . You have to get mag lock wheel not acorn . Plus you need washers .
 All the Gorilla lock nut packaging are very very very old and dirty some even come with broken packing . Seems like these products has been left on the store for very very long time . Is this the way u do business ???? The Mcgard lock nuts packaging is ok and pretty new . Dont believe me ? i will email you the photos if u want to seeI can be reach at
 I purchased this for a 1984 Civic . It comes with a pre-cut base for attachment to some other carburator . The opening is too large for my Carb . I wished that they -LRB- K&B -RRB- would have left the bottom `` uncut '' so that I could make the proper cutout for myself . Now I have to find a different means of attachment .
 Apparently there is a glitch in your compatibility checker , because the rotors are too small for my vehicle .2006 XJ8 .
 I used to own a Koolatron cooler . I used to think it was the best thing I 'd ever run across . But I have changed my mind.Reason # 1
 The P 85 plug get too hot to touch when plugged into the outlet in my van after about 30 minutes . I am returning the unit .
 I purchased this item on June 2 , 2008 . It has been used twice and the motor is going out . It sounds like a coffee grinder ! Do n't waste your money . My prior cooler / Warmer worked great for 12 years before it quit . This item broke after one camping trip .
 The cooler arrived with a broken lid and hinge . There were no instructions on how to return it . I contacted the company I purchased it from , Unbeatable Sales , by e-mail . They responded asking if I wanted to exchange it or return it . I replied return it because I felt it would not hold up well if it was broken just by shipping . The company did not respond . I was out-of-town for a week away from internet service . When I returned , I e-mailed the company again , still no response . I will try to call them , but their hours are regular business hours , and as a working person , it is difficult for me to make personal calls during the day . I would never order anything from this company again . I make purchases on line frequently . I have never had such poor service .
 This is the one in most truck stops , and therefore thought it was the one to buy ... but now that I 've bought a 2ND one that has lasted 3-5 months then starts cooling less and then just creates hot air inside and out , I 'll never buy another Coleman thermoelectric . The motor starts making noise interrupting sleep and peace of mind , etc.After talking to many seasoned drivers they say they 've gone Thur the same thing and have educated themselves and found that the definitive cooler of this type is the `` Koolatron '' brand . They are sold here . Ck 'em out . I 'm going for the P-95 a 45Qt . I know of one driver who has had his for 2yrs . and still working fine . That 's good enough for me to win me over.Also , I am seeing them in Pilot trk . stops.Coleman , says you have to cut the cord remove the lid and motor and mail them back to Colemand for the warrantybe valid . Then , after 6 weeks you 'll get a refund .
 These sensors are Universal . You have to cut wires on your used sensor and splice . I would recommend another sensor
 This product is a disaster from the get go . First off , I guess to keep it coiled at about the same tension as a fully wound clock spring , they stick two honking metal straight pins through the entire coil . After you get it out of the clam shell it unwinds against the pins and you 're left with sections of torn and unraveled braid . Note to future customers - you ca n't see the pins until it 's too late so try holding it coiled from the package until you find and remove them . Assuming that works , here 's the next problem - inconsistencies in the weave cause noticable variations in the diameter . Looks like a lumpy snake that just ate several meals .
 The sleeve is listed with ID -LRB- interior diameter -RRB- numbers . I need OD -LRB- outside diameter -RRB- measurements -LRB- Duh . . the sleeves fits on the outside , not the inside -RRB- . ID numbers do absolutely no good . The Spectre products might be good , but I will never know if I ca n't get decent descriptions of their products . What a way NOT to run a company . A complete description , plus how to install , how not to install and potential installation pitfalls should be included on all Spectre products .
 it did not fit my 72 dodge charger , please make sure of your information because it says it fits and it did not
 Looked great for 4 days and then down hill from there . Was going to write a review then because I was so excited about my Volvo trim and got several thumbs up . But I said I would give it some time before I reviewed the product to see how it would hold up . I did all of the pre-work . Cleaned and scrubbed all trim a let dry for hours . I believe in doing things right the first time and not rushing so I took my time to prep the car and taped off everything so that nothing got on the car . When all was said and done I applied two coats and my car looked new again for 4 days . On day 5 I noticed it started to flake off in spots and on day 7 we got about 15 minutes of rain and it looked like my car had a serious case of dandruf . At that point I sent a email to Forever Black to ask for help or a solution to my problem . That was the first week of November 2010 but everyone was at SEMA and no one was able to assist . I did get a response from someone in the off stating this is an easy fix and that someone would get back to me after SEMA . Today is February 1 , 2011 and still no response and no solution and my car looks worse than it did before I applied Forever Black . Hours of my life wasted that I will never get back . Poor customer service : - -LRB-
 This stuff did not work as advertised and I am so sorry I ever put it on my Jeep Wrangler fender guards . The finish after the first application was horrible and it took at least 6 more applications to get a somewhat even consistency and solid black color . After a few weeks it it chipping off in chunks and looks worse than when I started . I do not recommend and intend to contact Amazon about a refund . BTW all instructions were followed to the letter including the initial cleaning instructions for the use of the cleaning product included .
 the dye peeled off the next day . now the bumper looks worse than before I started , and it looked pretty bad then -LRB- whitish and gray -RRB- . I do not recommend this product as the cleaning solution , even used at a high concentration , does not remove silicone contamination enough to allow bonding of the dye to the surface of the item you are working on . very frustrating ! I hope I get my money back .
 Do not use this , it ruined my fender flares and other assorted plastic parts on my pathfinder , left un even streaks and a bubble effect.Fully taped the flares and cleaned them and preped them appropriately , still did n't work as i had seen before , now i have two bottle of this crap
 my bumpers are gray and this product didnt work as showing a chevy avalancha on the box to look like it works
 It appears there is declining product quality . More frequent negative reviews are recent . I was not satisfified with this product . Like others I found poor costumer service with the company I found too much grief in dealing with them to recommend
 After my experience with this product , I will NEVER again trust Amazon feedback ratings again . This stuff is the worst . I spent an hour applying and the next three hours trying to remove it . The Amazon Ad says it will not stick to your cars paint . Oh YES IT DOES stick to paint . There are no instructions . None . Had I known it was going to stick to the paint , I would have masked off painted areas . I had to use a Scotch pad to remove it . Nothing else would work . Wound up scratching the paint on my car . But I had no choice . It was either scratched paint of drip runs of this stuff all over my car . An absolute nightmare . Do not buy this product . -LRB- FYI
 4 star product ? OK . So how many people come back and update their review a month later after they 've washed their car a few times . THIS STUFF IS NOT CLEANER RESISTANT AT ALL !!! Glass cleaner , 409 and Fantastik will ruin this stuff . It will look worse than the treated parts looked before the treatment . Who does n't use glass cleaner on their windows ? If you do , make sure you do n't get any over spray or let the cleaning rag touch the treated parts . They will get permanently blotchy . The stuff goes on great and looks great , so if you 're using it to sell a car it IS great . But if you 're keeping it and want a cheap facelift , do n't expect much longterm .
 I used this product as instructed and after the first coat I was shocked at how awful it streaked . Three more coats and it looks a little better but still has streaks and still looks awful . I think I will have to have the bumper professionally repainted . The bumper looked bad before but now it looks like a hot mess . It was used on a 2001 Nissan Xterra .
 This product wo n't work for the dark gray bumpers and door guards of the Grand Cherokee Laredo WJ -LRB- 99-03 -RRB- . I followed perfectly all the instructions and this ruined my Grand Cherokee 's rear bumper . Works great ONLY on Black trims .
 This stuff is really streaky , even after multiple coats . It also runs easily and foams very easily . Does not last that long either . A bird crapped on the stuff a few days after I applied it and it completely removed the dye in the exact shape of the bird crap . Awesome . It works below average but seems to have some potential if the formula was adjusted .
 The kit says dye , but it is paint ... watch your paint job cause it will ruin it ... it took me 3 hours to get it off and it left runs really bad on my trim even though i put a light even coat
 The product was n't really that good after while the paint start falling off , I repainted but still seeing the paint falling from the bumpers .
 Application is miserable ! I pressed the applicator lightly on the car handle . Nothing . Pressed a little harder . Nothing . Pressed harder -- River of black running down the side of my white SAAB 9-5 . The dye is very concentrated so it took lots of water to dilute before I could even begin to wipe it off . After that , I spent 20 minutes rubbing my fingers raw to remove black streaks too stubborn for a paper towel or cloth . I tried again and while I did n't have the huge river , no matter how careful I was , little streaks or drips kept landing on the paint . I would wipe them off immediately , but still was forced back to rubbing with my finger to remove the faint black stain . I ran out of clean fingertips before I could complete one door handle . So now I have an `` artistic '' multi-shade handle and black fingertips . The first spill was my mistake , but after that , I still do n't see how it 's possible to apply the product . It runs too easily and dries too quickly on -LSB- my -RSB- car paint . After the glowing reviews , I was excited to try it out . I even was going to take before / after photos . I have since put my camera away .
 I used this on the faded black door handles of a 2007 silverado truck . It went on and looked ok . It tended to run , so keep a clean cloth handy to wipe up the spills . After a car wash and a week or so in the hot sun , the fading began to reappear and the handles needed another application . If you are looking for something more permanent try a trim dye kit such as forever black . If you want something only temporary , you would be better off saving yourself some money and trying something containing peanut oil or simply armor all protectant .
 I was disappointed in this dye kit , I expected it to perform as advertised but it did not . It goes on easy enough but does not cover consistantly . It left blocky areas even after 3 coats . I also sent an e-mail to the manufacturer asking for advise and did not receive a reply . I was using in on a 2005 F150 wheel well and windshield cowl moldings .
 I wanted to darken the plastic trim on my 2006 Xterra and this product seemed to fit the bill . And it does darken the trim as long as you are looking from a passing car at 60 mph . Up close it is full of streaks and blotches . As bad as that is the design of the applicator is worse . You have to push it against the areawhich wish to treat but if that area is on the side of the car where most trim is then it run down in a black river all over the paint . RUnined a perfectly good towel in wiping it off before it dried .
 I followed the instructions to the `` T '' on my '10 Wrangler . I let it dry 3-4 hours between three coats . The first time it rained , the `` finish '' spotted up , and looked terrible . VERY Disappointed .
 I followed the directions completely and this stuff has left streaks and spots on my bumper that I ca n't rub out or wash off . It does not go on as smooth as the product leads you to believe and the coverage is horrible
 I put this on the panel that is under my windshield wipers , a vinyl part . It went on poorly and you can scratch it off with your fingernail . Does not revitalize your rubber/plastic/vinyl , gives it a shoe polish look .
 I own a 2004 Tacoma PreRunner and the front bumper and wheel well trim has faded . I have been using the `` Back to Black '' for years . Was happy to see a kit that would relive me of applying this every time I washed the truck . I read other reviews and went out and bought a small painters plastic bucket and some foam brushes . I washed the truck once , then used the 4oz of cleaner 5 times to ensure a really clean surface , which the cleaner does a fantastic job doing . Let dry for 1 hour then I easily popped the foam portion of the bottle off the dye and poured it into my bucket and started applying . It looked to have gone on perfectly . About 20 seconds later I see that it was streaking and pooling up . brushed it again but the dye was starting to dry and nothing could be done . I reapplied and it started to once again streak . No matter what I tried to do to stop this from happening nothing would work . So I just gave in and let the product dry . Once it had , the areas where it built up began flaking off . The next day there where hundreds of bare sections where the product just dried and came off on it 's own accord.Not sure what happened ? I did what the bottle reads and this was my result . Now , I 'm looking at hours of work to remove it.As a side note . I had believed this was a `` dye '' . To me this means that the chemical would be absorbed into the plastic -LRB- like tie dye shirts -RRB- . Was disappointed to see that it was more like a `` Mop and Glow '' solution . The product stays on top of the material and is really just a cheap cover up .
 Got the product fast well package but the item did not work as promise i use the item as directed and did not work all i got from it was a black water like that only run down to the trim staining my car paint and my floor did not work at all maybe the product that i got was a defected one i do n't know but for me it did not work at all the product is like shoe shine wax bottle dye .
 The product , for me , did not really work as well as hoped . I had some black areas on my 2007 Honda Fit that had turned gray and the application did not turn it back to black although it moved it a few shades darker gray . I was hoping for something a bit better .
 This product was a huge disappointment . First , it was not what it was represented to be
 Yeah , you can adjust your mechanical advance without it , but it 's a pain to keep taking all the guts out of your distributor , -LRB- mine is an Accel 71000 -RRB- and try to guess how far you need to move the plates . I tried it once and a little bit was still too much so I bought these gauges.This is a really lame design . Not only is the YH plate inconvenient to access , the adjustment tools are made of plastic so when you slide it in the sharp metal slot , it tries to shave off a small portion of the adjustment tool . You have two bolts and two slots on the plates and it is possible to have a slightly different gap from one side to the other , so it would be easier with two identical gauges . As it is , you just have to make sure to check both sides with your gauge after you tighten down the bolts to make sure it did n't tweak the plate to one side.After using the tool and checking it with a timing light , it still came out 2 degrees different than the gauge indicated . I 'm just gon na leave well enough alone . I ended up doing a two stage advance to bring it in quicker and you can definitely tell the difference . All in all , you need it if you want to really fine tune your timing but the whole design has cheap written all over it .
 VERY poor range . They work , but I have to literally hold it up to the door window to get it to work , almost easier to just use manual key .
 I ordered these floor mats and waited 3 weeks for them only to dicover upon arrival that the two eyelets that were supposed to be inserted in the drivers mat were no present . Had the eyelets been present I would have given this item 5 stars as the mats are very well constucted . Now I have to return the mats and wait another 3 weeks for them to be delivered . That 's bogus !!!!
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 this item does not fit the connector in a 1985 for mustang lx , and it 's not worth the time to try and get a refund for $ 4.00 .
 As previously stated , this showed up broken.The Post Office said it was n't their fault , and it really was n't . I just could n't believe they did n't return to sender . Then after I gave this comapny a bad rating I was contacted by the company and told if I changed my bad rating , they 'd reimburse my `` amazon account '' -LRB- which I do n't even have -RRB- and send a new package out immediately after I changed my review . Well , this was last May , and its never happened . I do n't want another bottle , I do n't want to be contacted by the company , whats done is done .
 I bought it to use my hairdryer in germany and turkey . Could n't use because does not work with hairdryer build after 1990 .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Great tool just a complete waste of time and money . U install tool before u pull timing chains at tdc to hold camshafts from turning while u pull heads . Problem is there are two bolts under holder u then have to remove holder to remove bolts to get the head off . So u have to put camshafts back in time anyway .
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this product under the assumption that it was a real torch only smaller . When it arrived , I noticed the exclusion of a fuel inlet . I also noticed that the name of the company was n't displayed however the words `` Conduct Tite ! '' -LRB- Yes , with an exclamation -RRB- on the lower part . I should have simply put it back in the package and returned it at that point . I found what I thought would be detailed directions explaining the technical mystery of filling the fuel reservior . It turned out to be a crude diagram fit for a cave painting without a word on it . Upon inspection of the hieroglyphic type diagram , I determined that you must open the torch by pulling the top part which houses the trigger and flame outlet , from the bottom part . Inside , I found essentially a cheap , two for a dollar lighter without the top flint wheel . Before losing it altogether , I decided to fill the cheap lighter , put the torch back together and see if my assumption was wrong . Click ! Click ! Nothing . There is no adjustment lever or slide to increase air or fuel flow . The only adjustable device is the cheap lighter which still had the slide in the front to turn up the flame . A small hole is located to access the the slide but was n't aligned and thereby leaving the slide below the hole which made it useless while still in the housing . My last attempt was to hold a flame to the torch outlet to see if it would light and if so I could say that the problem was simply a spark issue . I figured it may still do the job . I got a flame but nothing close to what one would expect from a torch . The worst part is that upon releasing the trigger , it remained lit for almost a minute . Altogether , not only does this product fail to create a spark and a torch flame but it failed to extinguish a flame when expected . Upon completion of the review , I will be contacting Amazon directly and the US Consumer Safety Comission . I 'm surprised that this product is sold in the US .
 Within 5 minutes of receiving this tool it was broken . It only took a few turns before one of the 2 feet snapped off rendering the tool useless . I wish there was a better option as this particular tool seems to be the most commonly found puller online . I saw the other bad reviews mixed in with the good so I took a gamble and it did n't pay off . Steer clear and look for something else .
 I recommend you do not purchase this tool . Gave this windshield wiper puller only two stars as I am disappointed in the design . Only reason I did not give it a single star is that it did not break while in use . Purchased it to remove the wiper arm of a 1997 Pontiac Firebird . The wiper arm on the car is what I consider fairly normal in design . The throat of this tool is not deep enough for the shaft to be centered over that of the wiper transmission assembly . As a result I had to loosen but keep the nut on the shaft , place this tool on the corner of the nut , tighten it down as much as I could , and then tap the wiper arm with a plastic mallet . Eventually I was able to remove the arm despite the poor design of this tool . Had it been designed with a slightly deeper throat , an additional inch would be ideal , I could had positioned it over the wiper arm correctly . I am left to guess that the manu cut corners on the design to save a very small fraction on materials only to produce a near worthless tool . I would gladly pay a few extra dollars to have a usable , functioning tool in my tool box . Such as it is with purchasing equipment from the internet ; take the good with the bad . Like to have my money back to put towards a ` good ' tool of this nature , but since I already removed it from the package and used it , I guess I 'm stuck with it .
 This product is much smaller than is practical for windshield wiper removal on the vehicles I used it on . Most importantly , it 's not a very good tool to use on Mini Coopers , especially the rear wiper blade , which requires the same tool due to the protruding rod holding the windshield washer fluid jet . For a Mini Cooper you want the exact same tool , but a longer version . This one is too short/small .
 I purchased this tool to remove the front and rear wiper arms from a 2002 Jeep Grand Cherokee and the rear wiper arm from a 1999 Jeep Cherokee . I replaced the wiper arms because they were starting to rust , but they were still functional.This tool was awesome for the removal of the smaller rear wiper arms . It removed the arms without damaging the arms or the tool . I was able to center the screw/brass end perfectly onto the wiper bolt.This tool was not as valuable when removing the front wipers . The room between the tool 's arms -LRB- that goes under the wiper -RRB- was too narrow by 3 to 4 mm . The depth of the space to center the screw into the wiper bolt was also too shallow by about 5-6 mm.However , I could still use the tool . I needed to use a lot of torque to loosen the driver side arm . The plastic handle did not break under the force like some reviews stated . However , I would have liked to see a hex nut top - instead of the plastic handle - to allow the use of a wrench or socket for more torque and to be easier on my hand -LRB- I had to use a leather glove because the handle dug into my palm an fingers -RRB- . As reported in other reviews the screw started to strip under the torque needed to loosen the front arm . Also the brass button on the bottom of the screw deformed as did the steel end of the screw . I will return this item to the local Advanced Auto store from which I bought it.For smaller wiper arms this tool gets 5 stars . For removing larger front arms this tool gets 1 star . For an over all rating of 2 stars . Not recommended for larger jobs .
 The very first time I tried to pull the wiper off of my boat , the plastic knob on the bolt broke off as I was turning it . I then tried using a wrench in place of the knob and the bolt sheared in half . A truly cheaply made product and not worth buying .
 Stay away from , it does not even qualify as a paper weight . Too small piece and the knob made of thin and cheap plastic , does not fit the windshield wiper pivot arm , even if it did , the knob is made cheaply and weak that it separates from the little structure upon the minmum amount of torque .
 First time using this tool it broke -LRB- 3 different places -RRB- . The end of the screw bent and then snapped off . I thought &#34; Hey , I can still use this since some of the shaft is still there . &#34; Then both of the &#34; feet &#34; on the bottom snapped off . It is made from really cheap metal that ca n't withstand any pressure on it , which is the whole purpose of a puller .
 Was hopeful that it would be useful for my BMW wiper arm removal , considering that its described as a puller . Not sure it would work with ANY wiper arm . The forked end is not wide enough to get around even the thinnest bolt ! Sent it back immediately and went with the OTC 4611 . That worked like a charm .
 I purchased one of these locally in order to remove the wiper arms off a '98 BMW . The neck of the tool is n't wide enough to center the tool on the threaded stud so it 's very hard to apply torque . Futhermore , the knob provides little to no additional leverage to apply torque to the underside of the arms.Ultimately , I gave up on this tool and purchased theOTC 4611 Battery Terminal Pullerinstead . Unlike the 4676 , the 4611 feels like a solid tool and got the job done with only a little hassle .
 I recently purchased this item -LRB- OTC 4676 Windshield Wiper Puller -RRB- and am quite disappointed with the quality . The vehicle for which I purchased this item is approximately 7 years old so that may be a consideration of this review.The tool fit just fine , however I have two problems with the product . First the tip of the screw is rounded - that 's fine if the wiper arm comes off on the first attempt . As I tightened the screw , it had a tendency to start to slip off the edge of the end of the screw as the wiper arm did n't budge.The second issue is that as I continued to tighten the screw , the arms at the bottom of the tool that fit under the wiper arm started to bend - eventually one of the little arms cracked rendering the tool useless ... and the wiper arm is still attached.I recommend you seek an alternate tool constructed of a more durable metal or one using a more effective design .
 It did not work on my car Chevy Equinox 2007 . Rear wiper blade base is too wide and puller can not center on the bolt . I see that description is vague about what cars it works on so partially my fault hence would not return it , but essential it 's junk for me . I got something like this http://www.amazon.com/Lisle-54150-Battery-Terminal-Puller/dp/B000I14RY6/ref=pd_bxgy_auto_img_b and it worked fine , it will work on all wiper blades regardless of the size .
 I bought this to remove the wiper arms from a 2002 Dodge Caravan . It was to small to do the job . The device did n't open up far enough to go over the wiper arm . I threw it in the toolbox hoping that it may be used for something someday .
 The windshield puller was exactly what I anticipated in using , but the threads on the screw stripped when I had to load it up . Probably would have worked fine for a lighter job .
 I bought this . Installed it ... kinda . It was too large for the opening . I drove 2 blocks and the glue leat loose and it broke on the ground . Not a good product . Buy a complate mirror assembly instead . Guaranteed to work .
 I just re-read the description , and the above seat cover description is a gross misrepresentation . It incorrectly , if not fraudulently indicates that the covers were customized to fit my specific model . The covers are a sloppy fit , especially on the passenger side , and the controls that are not completely covered are available only through wide sloppy generic openings obviously made to account for any number of general configurations .
 If you 're thinking about buying this for a VW or Audi , I would recommend against it . Summer 2011 the oil cap on my 2006 Audi A3 broke . Instead of wasting $ 35 on a new plastic oil cap from Audi that would just break again , I bought and installed this product last August . The product looks exactly like the photo and it fit ok . It 's significantly shorter than the plastic OE part which makes it difficult to lift through the hole in the engine cover , but it screws on tight and feels like it makes a good seal.Fast forward to this February , and I start getting an intermittent check engine light on cold days . By March the light is staying on all the time . I take the car to the dealership , they install a new PCV valve -LRB- recall -RRB- , reset the computer and send me out the door . The next day the light is back on . Back to the dealer , they switch out my Fram air filter for an Audi/VW air filter , and install a new purge valve . Next day the light is back on . Finally they trace the problem to a vacuum leak , and trace the vacuum leak to this oil cap.I bought this item to save $ 30 , and I wound up paying almost $ 500 `` fixing '' various parts before the faulty cap was discovered . First off , do n't buy a German car . If you already own one , stick with OE parts .
 I 'm writing this reveiw on the company , Discount Ramps , rather than the ramps themselves . They charged my credit card immediately upon ordering , then 6 weeks later when I inquired about where these ramps were , they told me the manufacturer had n't received the metal to build them yet , and the build time is 4-6 weeks . Just be careful , people .
 This did not fit my '95 Toyota Avalon XLS as the part finder said it would . The one that was installed is much flatter with an elongated hole instead of round ... Hope to return this item .
 I just installed -LRB- or attempted to install -RRB- this mirror glass around ten minutes ago ... the glass was extremely thin -LRB- between 1/16 '' and 1/8 '' -RRB- and fragile ; it shattered in my hands as I attempted to apply it to the 2 pathetically small and inadequate adhesive strips that were provided.Just so you know , I have bought and installed these before and the quality of this product was drastically inferior to any I 've seen.Bottom line : I wasted my timeI wasted my money ... and I still need a side mirror for my truck .
 The horn finish seems to be okay . The problem I have with it is the sound . It only makes one sound and not the dual sound these horns usually make . I think it may be the non-replaceable reed . I have n't had a chance to work on it yet but will do so later . If you only expect one sound you will not be disappointed , but if you expect dual sound like the horns on the cabs in India , you will be disappointed .
 The horn was defective . Did not properly honk . Returned for refund . Hesitate to re-order , being afraid the next one would be bad , also . Best to purchase at music store where one can try it out before buying .
 i bought one of these and hung the engine from it and it colapsed , spend the money and get an OTC
 Very poor quality ! After about 1 week , all the liquid instead leaked out and caused a stain in my car that was inpossible to remove . Will not buy again !
 I installed product to keep some dust out , but instead created another place for it to rest . Unless you completely seal your bed seams , which would allow water and moisture to rest , do not waste your time with this product .
 I tried to install this product on my tailgate , but it wont stick to the portions of the tailgate that have sprayed on bed liner . I have tried to use suggested cleaners , but still wont stick . waste of money .
 Despite of the price , wich is not really too high , I was expecting such a great product . I aplied it following all the instructions and it did n't lasted for more than two weeks . It did n't stick well to truck bed .
 I bought these exact same lights for my 1998 A4 , and I want to start off by saying that I am an ASE certified tech for automotive electrical systems . You dont have to be a genius to get these installed right , just fairly competent about wiring.At first I was happy with them , they look sharp and look even cooler when installed properly and all lit-up . But then I started to install them , and the headache started.First the wiring IS NOT plug and play , the `` halo 's '' , wedge style bulb and the LED center light have seperate , and cheap , wires running to/from the assemblies that you have to `` splice and dice '' into either vehicle or light harness to connect them to the system . The wiring harness adapter is not even `` adapted '' right , none of the lights were connected to the proper destination.Second I want to say that the ENTIRE assembly is made with very cheap and weak plastics , they are hard to adjust , the bulb covers needed some lube to open/close easily , they started getting cracks on the clear cover within a year.All in all I would say these are a good choice for a cheap replacement , they look good for a while . After all , you get what you pay for right ?
 PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS ... THE BATTERIES WEAR OUT FAST AND IT ITS CHEAP ... YOU CAN GET A REGULAR FAKE ALARM WITH A FLASH LIGHT THATS JUST AS GOOD ... I BOUGHT 2 FOR $ 70 AND THEY ARE WORTHLESS
 I got tinnitus , permanent ringing in the ears , after accidentally setting off the alarm while trying to disengage it . I nearly committed suicide as a result . Keep all car alarm sirens under the hood .
 The information sheet that comes with the alarm states `` IF YOU NEED ADDITIONAL REMOTES See Your Retailer '' . I have misplaced my remote control , and after repeated searches on the internet , I have not been able to find anything about replacement remotes for this unit . The instructions do not give any contact information about whoever makes the S.W.A.T.-R alarms .
 I purchased one in July 06 , the stiching was bad , they sent another one . Now the roof supports will not stay inplace , I contacted there customer service , last week , still waiting for reply . I will not buy this brand again .
 Since my first/last review in Dec '07 -LRB- see below , starts with `` I 'm very sceptical . . '' -RRB- , I 've used the inverter hooked up to a standalone battery only for 120v lighting and low amp power tools . Just this weekend , I used a jumper cable connected to my running truck 's battery and a spare battery on the ground , to which the inverter was connected using 6 gage copper cables , 18 '' in length . The cable ends had crimped copper lugs that were also soldered -LRB- to keep the lugs from touching at the inverter , I used spark plug cable spacers to keep them together but apart -RRB- . Plugged into the inverter was my `` industrial '' Sears reciprocating saw -LRB- 7 amp draw -RRB- which my friend used to cut up his van 's rear leaf spring eye bolt that had seized onto the metal bushing . Worked flawlessly and went through two fine tooth metal cutting blades . I wonder now if hookup to a running vehicle 's battery provides enough surge capability for TVs , fridges and heavier amp power tools ... My rating for this item is now at 3-1/2 stars , up from 2 , mainly for its reliability ... have n't blown a fuse in the year and a half I 've been using it . -LRB- Dec ' 2007 review starts ... -RRB- I 'm very sceptical that the inverter can surge to 2000 watts . More sceptical that it can provide 1000 watts continuous , either . Only 80 % efficiency and 120 % hype ? Must connect directly to battery with 6 or 4 gage copper cables -LRB- depending on distance -RRB- . I plan on using the two I purchased -LRB- free shipping , why not ? -RRB- for light work such as portable/emergency lighting and 1/4 hp or less power tools -LRB- 3/8 '' drill works great under load , 1/2 '' drill untested under load but spins at rated rpm -RRB- . I would n't use the unit to power any electronics unless I use a line conditioner in between . TVs draw much power when first turned on , check the TV specs first . Am I happy ? Not jumping up and down but not returning them , either . Want more juice , got ta pay more for a 1500/3000 watt unit or bigger .
 Hi , I fully charged up a new 12 volt deep cycle battery and this inverter could not even power up a small 13 '' inch tv . Pretty sad . I was able to run a small fan , or small room lights if the electricity went off . Do n't waste you money if you think this unit will power up your TV . I did not try to run the inverter off my car battery with the engine running . I am going to invest in a generator . Would like to hear what others are able to run with this unit . This Coleman is more like a 300 watt inverter then a 1000 watt.WH .
 Mitchell1 eAutoRepair Do-It-Yourself Automotive Repair Information -LRB- 1-Year Activation Card -RRB- Bought the one-year subscription - the ID number on the card would not activate the account . Several emails to Tech support resulted in them sending me other ID numbers to try - none of them will activate the subscription either.It seems incomprehensable that the company can not provide a subscription number that will active the account . Makes me wonder about the quality of the infomation provided.Anyway , still trying to get Tech Support to activete the account - and still out the $ 13.00 .
 I returned the activation card without activating because I was misled by the description of the product . I understood that the eAutoRepair activation would be for a multitude of `` vehicles from 1983 to Present '' , but the card is for only ONE vehicle per subscription ... not mentioned in the description .
 Waste of money , easy to get lost , cryptic linking , useless photos copied from service manuals . Electric schematics that leave you lost . If you have a electric short this on line service will never help you find the wires.So if you want to waste your money go ahead I did .
 This company will let you buy a subscription for one vehicle at a time -LRB- no problem -RRB- , except the fact that you can not search for a technical service bulliten straight away . you cant search by tsb number or date . sure you can go to the categories tab . thats rich . there are about 100 categories . it will take you your full months subscription to find what you are looking for . truly elegant the way you can find all the tsbs you want grouped together -LRB- with no hot linking -RRB- when perusing the site but once you are a customer that feature is non existent .
 I went onto the site looking for instructions on how to replace the driver 's side mirror on my '02 Ford Focus . The instructions constituted all of seven sentences , with not a single illustration or photograph to help you along . This website is an absolute scam . You ca n't know if the product is in any way useful until you 've already paid . There are smooth-talking con artists in New Orleans ' French Quarter who will at least provide you with some entertainment while they 're talking you out of your money . Mitchell1 is n't even funny .
 I had expected this to at least give me specific instructions for the one vehicle but this so called `` repair information '' does n't even tell you where the gas filter is located or how to replace it.Most of the information is readily available by doing a search of google.I registered so can not return it but I guess 12 dollars for 4 years wo n't break the bank.I gave it two stars because it was cheap ... and in more ways than one .
 I purchased this product to get information on how to best remove a transmission from my S-10 truck . The manual did indeed have a section to do this but had no diagrams showing what should be removed . The instructions where , lift the truck and then remove transmission , like I did n't know that much . Specifics are sorely lacking in these manuals . Save your money and by a legitimate product .
 It 's cheap and worth every penny -- save your money ! Graphics -LRB- poor quality -RRB- are not on the same page as the related text . Very poor interface . No helpful text on installation or removal . Do n't think for a minute this will help you perform repairs . No help for even simple repairs like installing pads or rotors .
 This `` manual '' is full of information that has no use . The info is not vehicle specific or project specific . There is no `` search '' feature . And most diappointing is , there is no contact information to request a refund .
 Mitchell1 your eAutorepair solution is not worth your money . The website is difficult to navigate and the information is not available . I subscribed intending to find something about the fuel system and no luch there . Could not find this through the online index or other weak links.I also tried the maintenance link and found something that allows you to select maintenance intervals > click on that link > and then you get a menu of maintenance items with corresponding checkboxes on the side . The check boxes are useless . Seriously - they do absolutely nothing . I thought it would allow me to see instructions for these items , but they are simply checkboxes with no function .
 I bought the service to work on my son 's 1983 RX-7 . We already had the basic chilton and haynes manuals purchased through an auto parts store . I was hoping for something more detailed with torque specs , disassembly order and more pictures . We were dropping the transmission to put in a clutch kit and replace a bad pilot bearing . What I got was really just a reprint of the less than stunning haynes and chilton manuals , much of it not even specific to the RX-7 . We got the job done in spite of a lack of good information . If this is the way all there e-manuals are , just buy a book at autozone and forget the annual fee silliness .
 I would have purchased this ridiculous item if not for the comment above . Thanks for alerting me to the misleading information .
 I did a careful search and was told the part would fit my vehicle . The part I received was a raybestos part number 2091 . The correct part for my 1998 GMC Safari is raybestos part number 2034 . I was given a prompt refund and bought the parts elsewhere .
 I would give this zero stars if it was available . I bought the EZ Module and the RV adapter last June and installed them in my diesel pusher motorhome with Allison transmission . Before I bought them , I checked with Edge and was assured that it would work . I checked the installed product out by driving locally before heading on a 1700 mile trip . I drove and it seemed to work fine until I placed the module into position 3 and the trans went wild , slipping to where it was un-driveable . I had to return the selector to position 2 . I later found out that EDGE electronic interface , somehow , reduces the line pressure in my Allision transmission and it burned all the clutches . I found this out as I had to have the transmission rebuilt and upon testing , the trans shop computer diagnostics showed the EDGE products actually caused a reduction in trans line pressure causing the slipping ... and burning all my clutches.I sent the Edge unit and the RV adapter back to Edge and was told their module was working fine . But , the only time my trans looses line pressure is when the Edge is in positions 2 or 3 . THE EDGE PRODUCT DOES NOT WORK ON A MOTORHOME !! It cost me $ 4500 to find this out . And no support from EDGE . Save your money.Edge Products 30200 EZ for Dodge 24V 5.9 LEdge Products 98002 RV Adaptor for Dodge Cummins 5.9 L
 I bought this for my 2005 Kia Sedona . The description indicated it would fit . I did not fit . I called the manufacturer and was told that it was not intended for my vehicle . To ensure you get the right part , I suggest calling the manufacturer to confirm compatability .
 Be aware buyers . This product does n't fit with my 2010 Tacoma , Pre-Runner SR5.I checked this product out on Putco website and it clearly says that this product is not fit with model year from 2009 to 2011 .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 This glass was so poorly cut that it would not even need fit into the frame for the side mirror even though it was supposed to be compatible with my vehicle . I tried grinding it slightly but then it chipped . Would not recommend this to anyone .
 from time of ordering , it took 4-5 days to tell the product would be shipped in 7 days , and that delivery would be 7-14 days later . poor service !
 I ordered this item back in May 2011 to replace the OEM part that came on my 2003 Silverado and which , after 8 years of use , had broken . In looking online I found this one at a fraction of an OEM replacement and now I know why . The last couple of months I noticed that it was getting harder to open the tailgate and this evening this cheap piece of junk broke . I 'd understand this if the rod connected to the tailgate latch was difficult to move , but after it broke I grabbed it with a pair of pliers and it very easily unlatched , leading me to the conclusion that this handle is just cheap . My advice , just spend the money and buy an OEM replacement part , not this knock-off , otherwise you 'll be wasting money and supporting a sub-par manufacturer .
 I have tried to do the right thing and give Best Price Mirror the chance to make things right , but after repeated failed attempts at contacting `` Peter '' at the number he provided as well as numerous unanswered emails and phone calls to their site , I have decided to once again enter a negative review , which I reluctantly removed after an earlier promise by `` Peter '' to make things right . It has now been over 3 months since my initial order was placed , and I still do not have the correct item . All I can say to anyyone placing an order with BPM is `` BUYER BEWARE !
 Not worth the box it came in !! It is cheap and feels like it is going to bust each time you open the tailgate ! Spend the buck 's get one from GM .
 You get what you pay for and belive me I got taken and so will you if you do n't care buy it if you want good spend the extra money
 had it less than a year and its starting to break . the plastic is very low quality . construction is unreliable . it feels like its starting to loosen up and fall apart . i would n't recommend this product
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 I ordered this DashMat for a specific vehicle , it was not the correct mat . I returned the original one and they sent me an exact duplicate of the wrong mat . I ca n't seem to get the correct one and therefore it sits in a box !!!!!!
 Not fit on dodge ram 1500 2007 engine v8 4.7 automatic trans . SLT ... ... . . . ... . . . . ... ... . . . . ... ... ... ... . . . .
 The harness wire key did not correspond with what the actual function of the wires are . I had to go on the internet and figure out which wires did what . It added a solid hour to what would have been a 20 minute install . Maybe it is different on other models , but the labeling was incorrect for my 2000 xterra
 This product clearly states that it fits a buick century 1995-2001 , but it does not even come close to matching the contour of the vehicle
 It was n't even close to the proper fitting , it might come in handy for a camping mirror though , The initial investment was n't worth the cost of returning it or the hassle .
 The cutter pictured is not what is being sold . The actual cutter is a smaller red piece that is made in Taiwan . Amazon is great but I get tired of wondering what will show up in the mail when I order tools here .
 unit broken upon receipt . no shipment damage , just lid not attached to console . four -LRB- 4 -RRB- pop rivets that should have held lid hinge only compressed enough not to fall out but not secure the lid . think they should call back the quality control person
 As the other reviewer stated the metal boots are shorter than original . Well , what was n't stated is they are not only way too short but there is no flare at the end to use the 17mm removal tool on these , big problem if you keep the car until the plugs need to be changed again .
 Made in China ! Not happy about it at all ! One of the contacts at the bottom of dist . cap was milled too far . I used it anyhow as I was going out of town . It 'd been beeter to go to the local parts store where I could see the product before I bought it .
 At first glance this item was perfect . The color matched the interior of my car . It was heavy enough to stay in place without sliding around . However , one of the two top doors was missing two rivets that held it onto the hinge . This became apparant after opening/closing it just a few times . I am returning the item for a refund . READ THROUGH THE OTHER REVIEWS - two other customers had the same exact problem . That does n't say much for quality control.Wolf 38602005 Consl Dlx Flr Mn.Van Gray
 I ordered a Wolf console five years ago for our minivan . The quality of the product was excellent ! Unfortunately , after four years and having teens overstuff the compartments and forcing the top up and down , one of the lids on the console broke . I was happy to see what appeared to be the same model/style -LRB- exact same features -RRB- still available online , so of course I ordered it . When my product arrived and I took it out of the box , I was a bit disappointed . For starters , a pin that goes through the hinge was halfway out . I took a small hammer and was able to tap it back in place . But the real disappointment was the puckering of the vinyl around the backside of the console . It looks like the puckered areas might separate from the hard plastic parts of the console . The lids are n't as cushioned as the old console either but I would n't have noticed that if I did n't have the Wolf console before . I am not going to return or exchange the product but I am going to keep my fingers crossed it will hold up .
 one of the lid hinges had two of three rivets broken in the box . I 'm not sure how it could have happened during shipping , given the packaging . The broken off rivets were in the bottom of the compartment . There was also some gunk on the leather . It may have come off , but given the damaged lid I did n't even bother trying.Other than the quality of the hinge fasteners , it looked like decent quality . The grey did n't completely match the grey in my 2-tone leather seats -LRB- '05 Grand Caravan SXT -RRB- , but was close enough .
 So I had to manage to fix the second item myself with parts from the 1st item . Workmanship is so-so on the product , but most importantly the product was not packaged properly before shipping which cause damage in transit I suspect.I also expected better storage capacity/organization in the compartment given the unit 's external dimensions , but all spaces beneath the cup holders were just blocked off by boards internally , easier lining job inside but waste of precious space.However , this is still better than the plastic alternatives we had before in giving you the factory look .
 Well we had been looking at various car top carriers and this one promised `` the best of both worlds '' of the hard top vs. soft/bag . Well the advertised 12 cubic ft is misleading . My friend has a Thule Excursion which has 13 c ft and he could fit ALOT more in that than I could with this . The problem is the zipper . You have to be very selective of the size of the items you are placing in it or you will not get the zipper to close . Also the mounting hardware takes up room inside -LRB- 4 of them -RRB- - each handle sticks up inside the carrier , so it makes it harder to lay stuff flat in those areas . Also the handles are these plastic contraptions with moveable locking parts that look like they could get easily cracked , broken , etc. and I did not completely trust them for securing the rack - the plastic locks onto metal U shaped threaded bolts around the roof rack slats and it looks like those plastic threads could easily get stripped . Back with the size - forget about putting a stroller or golf bag or beach umbrellas -LRB- broken down in half -RRB- in this thing . I definately do not think it was worth the $ $ and I returned mine .
 I ca n't speak to how it performs once mounted , but if you have Yakima racks on Q towers and installed using the Yakima recommended distance between cross bars , there 's a good chance this wo n't fit . On my car , Yakima recommends 36 '' between the cross bars -LRB- measured center-to-center -RRB- . Thule 's instructions , now that I have them , claim this wo n't work if the distance between cross bars is greater than 900mm , or roughly 35.4 inches.You might think Thule would be conservative in their fit estimates and that it might actually fit a greater distance , but actually they seem to have overestimated . My crossbars are actually 35.75 inches apart , and I missed the holes in this Thule bag by a good inch at least . A more accurate estimate from Thule would have been to require at most 880mm or about 34.75 inches.And its not just a few unusual vehicles which will have Yakima racks installed so wide . Looking over my Yakima install instructions , a few years old now , it looks like Corollas , Camrys and Jettas are just a few of the vehicles with 36 '' spread for Yakima racks.Ironically I went with this bag because roof mounted bags would n't fit between my bars . I 'll probaly go ahead and install this bag anyway , but will have to decide if I want to fiddle with moving my Yakima bars , or drilling another pair of holes in the bottom of the bag . But then I lose one of the main advantages of spending big bucks on a name brand rack -- trusting that it is engineered to perform provided I installed as instructed .
 We were very pleased with the price and fast shipping on this product . Unfortunately , the bag was damaged . When we got it out to use it for the first time , the logo was worn and the bag had large holes in it . The bag definitely looked used . When we contacted the seller about the product , he insisted that the product was new and must have been damaged during shipping . The box it shipped in did not look damaged so the shipping insurance did n't cover anything . When we again tried to contact the seller about the product warranty to try to get it replaced by Thule , we heard nothing back . SO , we bought a new bag from a different company and are basically out $ 200 + for the damaged bag that is sitting in our garage . We usually have great luck on Amazon so this is very unfortunate .
 I purchased this bumper for a 2001 Yamaha Raptor . I got the bumper and thought it looked decent . Tubing is thin but ok . The issue I have , is when I got the bumper , it did not include installation instructions . It had a paper that said in order to install you need to purchase an additional bracket kit ... Here is the website where you can purchase it . Very upsetting . No where on the description or informaion about the product did it detail that it needed the additional Brackets . So here I am a month later still waiting for the brackets to show up to install the bumper ...
 Bought a bottle of Rejex last fall . Made sure the fiberglass sides of my camp trailer were clean by using rubbing compound . Applied a very liberal coat of Rejex . This spring again washed the trailer and applied another coat of Rejex to the front . After a trip last month to Alaska and back I washed the fiberglass to get the bugs off the front . What a disappointment . I could not see any difference between using rejex and plain old car wax . This product is not worth the extra money , stay with plain wax . The positive reviews must be written by paid reviewers , not actual users .
 Rejex is suppose to not allow bugs to stick . After applying two coats to the front of our motor home . I found that there was little or no difference in how bugs stuck to the fiber glass front end . I would not recommend buying this product for this purpose .
 The product is small , built as per price stated , etc. . However , if you really have a THIN and LIGHT sunglass , it 'll hold , i.e. the clip . Otherwise , it just falls apart . Not worth it .
 This thing is a piece of junk.I made the mistake of buying one.First of all it has very little suction.You have to pump this over and over.The hoses continually come off.The worst part is that it leaks.I tried siphoning gas from a gas can to my car.There was gas all over place , especially on my hands.I am going to take it back to where I bought .
 This nozzle looks good , feels good , but clogged up in first week -LRB- we have filtered water . -RRB- It is impossible to take it apart to clean it out . It just wo n't work now . I did n't have high expectations of a nozzle , but letting water pass through is pretty basic . If anyone knows how to take this thing apart please post .
 I expected a high velocity water nozzle , but I received a dud . Nothing better than a traditional 1960 's nozzle ... spray distance was six feet , no water pressure .
 This item is heavy duty , but the one we purchased from Lowes was much cheaper and a better unit . Would not purchase again .
 This nozzle turns on and off as advertised , and it can shoot a nice , solid stream of water . But its spray setting is too hard . My wife will not use it for watering her garden . That makes the nozzle useless for our purposes .
 I was hoping that this would be the end-all-be-all of my garden hose issues . I have been tired of getting cheap plastic ones that crack or spray more on you than the plants you are trying to spray . I decided to go with this one because it seemed solid and it is . My issue is that you really only have two settings on it . Squirt or gush , the other settings do n't really work . For the price , it is built very well but does n't do the other settings which I am very disappointed about . For a $ 20 Hose nozzle ... it should just work .
 I bought two of these nozzles at a home and garden show recently . Neither produces the forceful stream of water that was demonstrated at the sales booth . On the flip side , the restricted flow feature really works well for watering delicate flowers and the construction appears to be solid . Since the feature that was touted specifically was the intense stream that could be achieved , the purchase was a bust .
 I bought this nozzle based on reviews that it was good for washing cars . I have to say that I am thorougly disappointed in the water pressure . I am considering re-attaching my multi-use gardening nozzle since it 's jet stream is comparable to this Bon Aire product .
 I bought my first one from the company at a plant show and LOVE it . I bought the next one from Amazon for my backyard . They are like two completely different nozzles . They look exactly the same on the outside , but the mechanism on the original one is MUCH smoother , and the water pattern is MUCH better than the one I got from Amazon . I do n't know if these ones are new or if they are refurbished . All I can say is the one from Amazon broke in 3 days and leaked . Amazon sent me another one quickly , but the second one from Amazon does not work as well as my original nozzle .
 I 'm in the process of returning this . First of all , the ad reads , `` five-pattern spray nozzle ... '' . There are NO patterns ; it 's all a smooth rotation with no notches . Notice that NOWHERE , including the manufacturer 's site , does it say what these so-called `` patterns '' are -LRB- i.e. mist , cone , soaker , etc -RRB- . This thing is no better than your regular $ 5 brass twist nozzle -LRB- one of which I have and it sprays a jet of water further than this piece of junk -RRB- . Secondly , on the packaging it says `` built to last '' , right next to an insert that reads , `` IMPORTANT
 I wish I had read more reviews before purchasing . I live at one of the higher points in town -LRB- 600 ft -RRB- with psi of 35-40 , and I can confirm that the results are very disappointing . Yes , I do have heavy duty 5/8 '' and 3/4 '' hoses that I tired it with . The pressure is far less than with the Melnor Titanium Guns that I had been using , which costs around $ 10 . The Bon-Aire has a nice soaker pressure that is better than the Melnor , hence the two stars . The nozzle really is nicely and sturdily designed , and I wish it worked , but I 'm going to return it .
 Avoid this product . It leaked immediately ! It obviously is poorly made ; plus the stream it produces is not very strong . There are much better products for less money . I am disappointed .
 Advertised as sturdy , firehose strength , powerful and high quality - I 'd say not really . My wife bought this for me as a gift from a home show because she knows I like quality and no-nonsense . The sales guy made it sound to her that this thing was engineered to last for life - well life is a about a year or less .1 -RRB- The internal screw that controls everything is made out of cheap plastic and snapped , rendering the item useless . No way to return it . We were told forever warranty , but now can find nowhere to take it back .2 -RRB- Another operational drawback is tt was a pain in the neck in that you had to rotate the nozzle to turn on and off . This means there is no way to go from off -LRB- dry -RRB- to on -LRB- wet -RRB- with out spraying and trickling water all over . In other words , no on/off like a normal spray nozzle . This leads to water waste and getting water sprayed on things that you do n't necessarily mean to.Do Not Buy
 Like others have said , it worked good when we first got it , but mine began to fail and leak after a year of moderate use . I will go back to my cheapies from the department store .
 Amazon was kind enough replace the original nozzle 2 times . It simply does not hold up , as I 've had 3 different Bonaire Nozzles since July 2012 . I wish the Chinese could make a better product that does exactly as advertised !
 I 've bought two of these over the past two years . Yes , initially I liked them , but now I would opt to buy direct from SEARS because they guarantee their 's for life . In Austin we do not have extreme cold weather , nor has mine been run over or the like . One of mine now leaks and can not be used any more . I tried finding who the company is so I could write them directly , but keep getting Amazon 's automatic reply indicating warranty period is over .
 Although this nozzle was apparently built rugged , I was disappointed with the stream and pressure of the stream that came out in any of the settings . Not pleased with the output or distance of spray . Nozzle now sits in my inventory of other umimpressive garden nozzles and will become a garage sale item . Still looking for that perfect hose nozzle .
 Used to have a lifetime warranty , now only 1 year . Another reviewer mentioned they are manufactured in China now - -LRB- the arsenic they added to the plastic probably weakened the casing :-RRB- Better off paying $ 5 for a cheaper one and replacing every year or so .
 weak and pathetic ... the cheapo ones I 've bought at the grocery store have more spray power than this . We even went out and bought another hose -LRB- 5/8 '' -RRB- it still did n't work
 Not tried it yet but reading reviews about this nozzle I 'm sure it is a good one.Well buit and easy grip .
 A few months ago I purchased 3 Bon Air Hose Nozzels & they were teriffic ! The products of my recent purchase are inferior to the original nozzels . They do n't turn as easily ; they do n't spray as far . Not sure if they 're re-conditioned or seconds or what , but they 're not worth the expensive price .
 Bon-Aire products are likely to prematurely fail . Beware . I used mine a dozen times before it broke . Amazon does n't take returns after 30 days , so you 'll be stuck .
 I 've owned this nozzle for a year now under normal home use and was very satisfied with it until the large plastic -LRB- fiberglass ? -RRB- valve fractured and came off inside the aluminum housing . It 's got a `` lifetime warranty '' , but a `` return to sender `` mailing address . After this experience and expense , a brass nozzle from Ace hardware will once again serve me just fine . Buyer beware !
 I have had the aluminum and the stainless steel version of this nozzle . They all have leaked after one seasons use . The company sent free repair -LRB- `` O '' ring -RRB- kits which did not stop the leaking.They then sent free replacement nozzles for a five dollar shipping fee . The new nozzles are made in China now and are only guaranteed for ONE year . It probably costs the company two bucks apiece to have them made in China and two bucks to ship them so they are netting a buck for the replacements on the shipping fee.I threw all these pieces of junk away , not worth the aggravation.Good luck !
 We loved our Ultimate Hose Nozzle when we got it last season . Fantastic and easy to use . Unfortunately , now this spring we went to use it and all that we get is a pathetic dribble . It 's back to the good old generic hose nozzle for me . They may not be as cool , but they work for longer than a year and they are a lot cheaper .
 Maybe what one person said about the Bon-Aire being manufactured in China is true . Bought in April 2009 and the housing blew after a short time of use and really no way to get inside and fix it . The allen adjustment does n't help . Now the water comes out 2 places and it 's just a good soaker nozzle now . As it 's a water waster maybe they will have a Cash For Clunkers nozzle program someday?Update 12/10/11A lot of people read these so I 'll further explain my opinion of the product . I agree , Amazon is great ! The problem is with a product like this , Amazon has little recourse on the seller after the warranty expires . This nozzle works fine for the first few months in daily use and might last a year or more in light use . The problem is that the inner o-rings are not compatible with the water in some areas . If the water is questionable in your area -LRB- hard with minerals -RRB- I 'd stick to a simple brass nozzle that 's available on Amazon as well .
 this hose nozzle did NOT last one year before it started leaking a lot water at the mid-level . my advice
 I am very disappointed with this nozzle . It is a very nice nozzle but not worth the price . In order for it to work properly I think you would need the water pressure of a fire hydrant . I have other nozzles that work fine with the water pressure I have but this nozzle is a zero . I would not recommend it at half the price .
 low volume water pressure compared to my first purchase of this product , maybe due to my not purchasing the suggusted hose to go with it that i purchased with my first one purchased . Either way I am very dissapointed with the low volume of water pressure that I am now getting .
 Sorry , but I have to agree with the other 2 star reviews . If you do n't have a 5/8 or better still a 3/4in pipe coming out of your house to your hose this nozzle just wo n't live up to your expectations or the hype . I have a 1/2in system connected to a 5/8 hose and it just is n't enough water volume and pressure to see the benefits this otherwise well made nozzle has to offer . After seeing it demonstrated at a local garden show I thought it was the greatest thing since sliced bread , however , I get a better and more powerful spray pattern using the ball valve on the end of my hose without a nozzle . With my old fashioned brass twist nozzle I can spray clear across the yard or close it down to a fine mist . You can buy a lifetime supply of cheap brass nozzles for less than the price of one `` Ultimate Hose Nozzle '' .
 Excited by all the great reviews , I ripped open the package and screwed on my new nozzle . First I tried to water the plants on my patio . The water either splattered too hard or trickled out too slowly . There is not a nice softer spray to effectively water plants . Okay , I thought to myself , `` Maybe this will work great to hose down the patio . '' Wrong again . I put the fire hose type nozzle back on so I could get a lot of pressure . Now I am mystified why this nozzle is getting great reviews . My $ 7 hose sprayer is back on my hose so I can easily water my plants . Maybe the nozzle will last a long time , but it wo n't make a difference to me . I am no longer using it .
 I looked for a good quality nozzle , something that would work better and last longer than the home-center junk . I thought I had found it . It worked fine for a couple of months , but then started leaking-badly . I took it apart to find the O-ring that seals the two pieces of the body was cut -LRB- simply by the action of adjusting the stream-very poor design -RRB- . I went to the hardware store and picked up a new O-ring and it is sealing once again . It appears that , based on the design , it will fail again before long . Most people would have tossed it when it started pouring water out , but I gave it a second chance.Bottom line
 I bought a house a few years back and heard these things were wonderful . I bought 5 for all my hoses and over time the heads somehow become corroded and wo n't screw off the hose . I have never had this problem with other nozzles . I tried everything to get them off , even so far as to put the hose in a vise so it ca n't move and then put a huge wrench on and turn the nozzle . All it did was break the nozzle . I finally gave up and broke out the grinder and cut through one of the sides so I could chisle them off . Great product while it works but the fact that they corrode on to the hose and ca n't come off in my opinion makes these a poor buy .
 At the price and advertising I expected more . Boy was I disappointed ! It does n't work any better than a regular , inexpensive nozzle . Sorry , guys , great advertising blitz , poor performance !
 i bought two of these last year and they are a waste of money the old nozzle i have that is about 50 yrs old is much better save your money and buy a cheap one instead should have sent them back do not like at all
 Broke within one season ... was expecting good things since of all the positive reviews but it failed miserably . Even when it was working , I found it incredibly annoying that you have to twist it all the way to one side to turn it off ... probably my fault for not reading into more , but I was under the impression that you pull it in and out to turn it on and off and you rotate it to adjust pattern . Also when you first turn it on , there would be a delay in spray strength , like something would have to click inside before it would spray with more force which lead to you to having to constantly have to adjust it . And when it was on full blast it just was n't that powerful . Originally got this for car washing but wish I never did ...
 This nozzle never has worked right , called Bonaire and they seemed to know what the problem was as they sent out a gasket kit , discovered a missing gasket but even with that installed the nozzle continues to leak . Never completely shuts off , drip , drip , drip ... . also do not like losing the ability to start and stop immediately like normal trigger-style nozzles operate , save your money and pass on this one ...
 My water pressure is not great and this sprayer does not help . I much prefer my old nozzle sprayer with the turn and click choice of different sprays built into the the head . This one is just not good for watering , but it is ok for car washing .
 I bought mine at the local county faire . It worked great in the display , but when I hooked it up at home , BLAH . The setting we use most , the wide-shower , was hardly a shower at all . The flow was low and the pattern was MUCH to heavy for delicate plants.The distributor GLADLY and quickly sent a replacement , which also aperformed in a like manner , so I checked our pressure . We have 85 lbs . PLUS at the bib , however we use a 100 ' hose , and an hydraulic hose reel . That device dropped the pressure to about 44 lbs.After replacing the hose with a 50 ' one , performance increased . Still , the wide spray pattern was nothing like what I saw at the demo . Additionally , to obtain this setting , it takes a bit of fidgeting back-and-forth in order to get it just right.Overall , it 's STILL not the ultimate nozzle , ... just so-so .
 Purchased four of these great looking nozzles , then within four months of purchase , the first nozzle started leaking and gradually became worse and worse day by day . The one nozzle at a time , all of the remaining three nozzles started the same leaking problems , and within 30-days of the leak start , each nozzle was unusable.Something like this is n't worth the hassle of returning to the seller , and actually feels much better to write a review warning others , enjoyed tossing each nozzle in the trash , and moved on to the Nelson 50503 High-Pressure Rated Fireman 's Style Industrial Spray Nozzle with Large On/Off Lever . We have been using these for the past 4-5 months , not a drop in the leaking department . In fact , I just ordered three more .
 Bit of a let down here . From all the reviews , I thought maybe my search for the perfect nozzle would come to an end . It did n't . The sequencing of spray patterns on this nozzle is not what you are used to . Sure , it has a unique ability to produce a fine spray and a fire hose kind of effect , but when switching between patterns it passes mostly through various streams of concentrated water that dench anything in its way . If you are trying not to splatter mud , create craters or wash away feshly planted seeds , this is not your nozzle . Maybe it makes more sense on cars .
 My original nozzle broke . I contacted customer service for Bonaire and they sent me a new one . Hopefully this one will last .
 I was happy with this nozzle until it broke . The outer black handle -LRB- where you adjust the spray -RRB- no longer grips the nozzle mechanism and turns freely . Meaning I cant turn on/off or adjust the spray pattern . For this kind of money I could have bought 4 `` cheap '' nozzles and threw one away a year and still come out ahead .
 I had great hopes for this hose nozzle . It seems very sturdy and well made . I like that it shuts of in either direction . I was just expected a lot more flow . My water pressure is about 60 psi , and the garden hose that I use is a 5/8 '' . In order to get any pressure or distance , I have to adjust the spray to a fine stream . The wide fire hose spray is very low pressure and does n't travel very far .
 Ok it looks cool -LRB- billet -RRB- and for that is get 's 2 stars , but it is not magic it will not improve your water pressure on the hose . I wish I had kept the coin and bought a simple spray nozzle .
 Have yet to find a hose nozzle that will last a whole summer . The Amazon.com product description of this Bon-Aire nozzle states , `` built for a lifetime of use ... '' . Mine broke after 6 weeks of light use . The gasket assembly inside the housing is so flimsy that it is easily dislodged , therefore disrupting the spray pattern and causing major leakage when the nozzle is in the off position . There is no warranty info . of any kind listed on the product package .
 Based on the other reviews I thought this would be good in the stream mode with good pressure . It is not . I got a part plastic nozzle from a local hardware for about $ 7 which has much more streaming pressure . I have no pressure reducer on the incoming water , and am using a commercial grade 5/8 '' hose -LRB- same one used with both nozzles -RRB- . This item is obviously of good quality with metal parts and easy to turn control . The spraying modes are fine , just the streaming which is really inadequate . I have changed back to the $ 7 nozzle for car washing , side of house washing . -LRB- I have a pressure washer but would have liked something to use for everyday-type things , without having to use the pressure washer . -RRB- Do n't buy this if you need good pressure because it wo n't deliver .
 While this product appears to be well made , the water pressure in the area where I live -LRB- 45 psi -RRB- is insufficient to get acceptable performance from this nozzle . By the way , I was using the recommended 5/8 '' ID hose .
 Good pressure and different hoses , ca n't get anything but a stream or a slosh . Not happy with performance .
 As a previous reviewer stated this nozzle requires a high water pressure to realize its full potential . I live in the country with my own well and the pump pressure is set to 60 psi max which is not high enough to get a strong blasting/flushing stream . However my wife likes it because it does a good job at watering her plants on the deck .
 Definitely over hyped . My ten dollar sprayer works better than this . It gets 2 stars because it does spray . That 's it . The ergonomics are terrible . The spraying choices are limited . It really comes down to water pressure , if you do n't have it , the nozzle ca n't magically make it better . It may increase it some , but not to the extent that the manufacturer would like to have you believe . You should pass on this .
 Paid $ 30 and it worked for about 5 months and blew the inner seal . This nozzle sounds good in theory but is actual very poorly designed . After the seal broke I tested to see how strong the nozzle was and was able to break it in half with my my hands effortlessly . I strongly suggest going with another product. : Update 7-25-2011
 I bought nozzle little less than 2 month ago . It broke after one month of light usage . To replace it they want $ 10.95 + plus postage - so much for life time warranty .
 I thought this was going to be a good nozzle , then it just totally locked up . You ca n't turn it at all what a waste of money and I ca n't return it. , , , ,
 THIS NOZZLE DID NOT PERFORM AS EXPECTED ... IT 'S STREAM WAS ERRATIC AND UNSTABLE . AFTER A FEW SECONDS AT ONE SETTING IT WOULD CHANGE TO ANOTHER . THE NOZZLE SEEMED TO BE DURABLE , BUT NOT CONSTRUCTED WELL . I COULD DO A BETTER JOB WITH A $ 5.00 NOZZLE FROM WALMART .
 I have one of these . I will never have a second one . At one time , I remember when , Mallory was a cornerstone of the industry . Some time ago , the responsible workers left the company . My fuel system is about to be completely replaced . The car is a 1970 MGBGT with 2004 Malibu 3.5 liter V6 . This is a completely `` NEW '' system with less than 10 hours on all of the the parts.However , where I took the regulator apart to see why the system was bleeding down , I found the 2 coil springs to still wrapped in celophane . Where the pieces of celophane are residing now is an excellent question . My guess is somewhere in the fuel rail and injectors.I am a graduate mechanical engineer and a registered professional engineer . I have been building cars since 1959 . At no time did I consider that I might have to `` CLEAN '' the regulator . In the installation instructions there is no parts assembly diagram . Maybe the problems with this regulator is an anomaly . I can not consider it to be anything but a paper weight now .
 I was expecting more protection from the elements of nature than what I got . I clean my car perfectly . Then , if it should happen to rain the cover leaves a print on my windows . The inside lining comes off on my rag top car roof . Finally , if your car antenna is n't removable like mine then you might be in trouble . You have to put a hole through the car cover itself for the antenna . There are directions on how to do it but who wants to bother . Would not suggest to anyone to purchase .
 Hoses either fit , or they do n't . The quality of the material is just fine on these hoses , sadly they did not comes as `` exact fit '' . I had to cut , yes CUT , my brand new hose to fit . Does it work ? Yes . Will it fail ? Probably not . But it 's an inconvenience . Will not purchase again .
 Great ignition wires BUT they do NOT make them for a Base 1.6 l Mazda Protege FYI ... just the 1.8 l and 2.0 s Proteges ... I have these in my MX-5 and they are awesome . For use in appropriate engine , especially Mazdas , 5 stars ...
 This item did n't work all that great from the start . It did n't like to stay in contact with the DC socket , and then one side died within 3 weeks of use .
 great deal , but one out of three did n't work , not the fuse , not worth postage to return for one . almost a super deal if not for that .
 I used it a few times . Every time I used it a fuse was blown . So i 86d it !!
 the product itself was good and everyone I talked to said the same thing . However they fell off after two days !!! So to say they work or not is not for me to say.And I do know the correct way to install ... ! I also purchased a pair in black and those are hanging tough !!!
 The unit comes with a rubber piece that is needed to grab a hold of whatever it is you are mounting it too like a windshield or support bar . The glue they used to keep the rubber piece affixed to the mirror is junk . I used it for the firs time , and it feel off . Then the mirror would n't stay on , and it fell , hit the boat , and bounced into the lake .
 The mirror arrived with black cracks in it , making it unusable for its purpose . The cracks were in the large middle section of the mirror . I was not the first person to have received this particular cracked mirror , based on the look of it .
 I installed one on a brand new car two weeks ago and when I went to grab the key holder yesterday the only thing left was the magnet . No broken bits or parts just a clean separation between the key holder and the magnet . Spent 40 bucks for the key , two bucks for the holder and now I have to buy them again ! Do n't buy this you will be sorry !! Nice design but does n't work . Buy the old fashioned metal box type that is riveted on and it will never disaper .
 These are absolute garbage ! Ordered 3 , first one i opened , top snapped off using little or no force ! Get tin ones !
 I am frankly at a COMPLETE loss to understand WHO wrote the positive reviews here . Are these employees of the company ? I think they MUST be , because this zipper is a cheap piece of junk . This product is SO incredibly cheaply made , I CA N'T imagine WHO uses it , and for what ? TWO attempts to use this product failed almost instantly . The zipper teeth are made from an incredibly cheap plastic . I was n't rough with them at all and they broke ; and there was NO possibility of repair . I was totally shocked at how flimsy the zipper is ... HOW in the world does this work for `` tarps ? '' People yank on tarps ... it 's ludicrous . DO N'T BUY THIS JUNK PRODUCT !!! You can find these in stores . I recommend you take the time to look at them in your local hardware store before you order them online . Look at the plastic teeth , how the teeth are connected to the fabric , and how flimsy the fabric itself is ... JUNK !
 Be careful when ordering ` Spectre 5008B Magnabraid Hose Sleeving - 6-Feet Long ' , the description and picture are wrong and misleading.The picture shows 6 rolls but the packaging contains only 1 . In the description you can read ` Diameter range of 1/2 '' to 2 '' ' and ` Includes clamps ' . Unfortunately , there are no clamps included and the diameter range is wrong , on the package you can read item 5008B is for Radiator hose 1-1/4 '' - 1-1/2 '' I.D.I 'm returning this item for a refund.Note also that the package warns the 6 feet of sleeving will cover approximately 4 ' to 5 ' of hose .
 I ordered this item from Amazon but got a different gear oil . Needed a GL-4 got a GL-5 . Would have reeked havoc in my Spec-V tranny . I returned it without an issue but need to re-order the correct gear oil . Should I order from Amazon again , I probably will .
 2000 BMW 323i 5 speed transmission went rought instead of SMOOTH as the product claim.I flushed it 2 months after and it was dark black and smelled like VERY OLD TRANSMISSION OIL.Refilled with Royal Purple.Dont like redline .
 Changed my manual transmission fluid with this in hopes that it would improve shifting and shifter feel . While there 's been a definite improvement in shifting when warm , it performs horribly in the cold - far worse than the OEM dino fluid . For the first 5 miles it 's like I 'm shifting through peanut butter and gravel . Definitely going with something else next time .
 I 've been driving for a couple of weeks now since i put in the MT-90 . It has n't done anything to make shifting any smoother . Not really a difference at all .
 bought this item i 'll never buy anything made by gates again , the bearing on this is made in china and has play in it just what u need for noise n wearing out ur other accessories
 ordered this product and a week later it still showing product is prepairing for shipment i mean come on how long does it take to prepair to ship something and especialy something small like this if amazon wouldnt have locked in my purchase than i would have already cancelled this shipment .
