 This perfume is just AWFUL ! Smells nothing like freesia.The gift recipient was not impressed . The worst is that it ca n't be returned !
 The formulation of this product has been changed since Artec was bought by L'Oreal . The new formula does n't hold hair like the old Artec original formula did , and it does n't smell as nice . Do n't be fooled by this picture -LRB- 12/29/07 -RRB- -- it is a pic of the old Artec bottle , but I ordered and received the new L'Oreal Professionel version , which is terrible . The original Artec version was similar to , but not as sticky as , Potion 9 . I wish L'Oreal would go back to the old formula :-LRB- I emailed them to this effect and they never even replied . If anyone can recommend a similar product , please comment to this review .
 I have been used this product for many years . But somehow the product I received this time is like fake one . It 's very thin . I have to used double amount .
 I have been using this product for 5 + years . It was wonderful . About 1 year ago the company changed packaging and the product changed slightly . The bottle is taller now and something is missing from the serum . Does n't work as well as it used to work . I will not be purchasing this item because of the change .
 I ordered this particular product as a trial substitute for the `` Controlgel '' by Textureline , which has always been my first choice . It appears that the `` Controlgel '' is out of production . This `` Smoothing Serum '' is a poor substitute . My barber agrees . He got me on the `` Controlgel '' years ago and I used to buy extra for him , but now , no more !! Too bad ... we consumers lose again . I wish the `` Controlgel '' product would come back . My barber and I wo n't buy any more of the `` Smoothing Serum . '' What a WASTE !!
 Bought for my mom for Christmas she loves this perfume and it does actually smell pretty good however I was supposed to recieve my order by the 20th at the latest.its now the night of the 22nd and I am very worried it wont be here for Christmas . UPDATE
 I used to live in Hawaii . Plumerias were abundant , both growing and leis . I was excited to have that scent again in a lotion . The lotion itself is your average body lotion consistency . However , there is NO way that this is a true plumeria scent . I would not order their other `` Plumeria '' products -LRB- which are more expensive -RRB- based on this lotion .
 I used to live in Hawaii . Plumerias were abundant , both growing and leis . I was excited to have that scent again in a lotion . The lotion itself is your average body lotion consistency . However , there is NO way that this is a true plumeria scent . I would not order their other `` Plumeria '' products -LRB- which are more expensive -RRB- based on this lotion .
 I just used this product for the first time and will be returning it.The cheap cologne smell is inescapable . Wash your face with this stuff and you 'll be smelling it all day.I popped the top and smelled it at the store , but after using it the smell is much stronger .
 A man should not smell like an entire bottle of cologne when he gets out of the shower , nor should the entire house he lives in smell like a giant vat of cologne . Go buy a bottle of nondescript body wash and after your shower apply a few squirts of the cologne of your choice . But really , why would you need cologne if you 're just going to the office ?! You do n't ! Please make it stop !
 I used to live in Hawaii . Plumerias were abundant , both growing and leis . I was excited to have that scent again in a lotion . The lotion itself is your average body lotion consistency . However , there is NO way that this is a true plumeria scent . I would not order their other `` Plumeria '' products -LRB- which are more expensive -RRB- based on this lotion .
 I used to live in Hawaii . Plumerias were abundant , both growing and leis . I was excited to have that scent again in a lotion . The lotion itself is your average body lotion consistency . However , there is NO way that this is a true plumeria scent . I would not order their other `` Plumeria '' products -LRB- which are more expensive -RRB- based on this lotion .
 I used to live in Hawaii . Plumerias were abundant , both growing and leis . I was excited to have that scent again in a lotion . The lotion itself is your average body lotion consistency . However , there is NO way that this is a true plumeria scent . I would not order their other `` Plumeria '' products -LRB- which are more expensive -RRB- based on this lotion .
 I purchased this product to help eliminate my mild acne , and used it in conjunction with MDSkincare 's cleanser/toner , and tinted moisturizer . I have 4 days left of my 30 day supply and have seen no improvement in my acne , or noticable improvement in overall skintone . Actually , I am now breaking out in places I 've never had probelms with before . I will try Perricone products next , the MDScincare pads seemed to be a waste of $ 75 for me .
 I bought this at Ulta after doing some research regarding chemical peels helping acne , and one of the sales associates recommended this product . My acne has always been pretty mild , but I wanted to see if I could get it under control better . My skin is extremely delicate . My skin actually felt great for the first few days of using this product -- balanced out my skin tone very nicely . Perhaps I should 've stopped there , as after a week I broke out with HORRIBLE deep , cystic , painful acne that took me weeks to get over . The scars/pock marks they left behind were even worse . I would be wary if you have sensitive skin . Fortunately , the folks at Ulta remembered me from a few weeks prior and refunded my money . Sadly , I did almost no explaining as my face told the whole story .
 I bought this in hopes to reduce some small bumps on my cheeks and even out my skin tone . What I got was horrible acne and sores all over my face . The very next morning after using it I woke up with zits on my face ! I have n't had acne since I was a teenager . My first thought was , it must be cleaning out the pores , thus the breakout , but after three weeks of using it every other day , my face is covered in sores that wo n't heal ! I do n't want to say it 's a bad product , because it obviously works for most of the people that have written reviews , but my experience has not been good . I will never use it again . I 'm just glad I got it on sale for $ 45 . C'est la vie .
 I was hoping for an acid that was convenient to use . Well , this is pretty convenient , just swipe . But it did nothing for me . I wanted to try and get rid of the little bumps clogging my pores and frequent breakouts . However , my skin remained the same . And while it does n't really have a scent , there seems to be some chemicals wafting off the pads that affected my sinuses because I have quite a sensitive nose . I switched to using them on my back and got the same result , which was nothing . So it was an expensive experiment that did n't work . It may work for someone else but it did nothing for me . Most disappointing . I have since switched to the salicylic gel peel , which hurts a whole lot more , but gets the job done .
 This is just a horrible product . If you want to waste $ 72 on a product that will ruin your skin , look no further . If you want to breakout horribly even if you do n't normally and to have an awful rash on your face for days , this is the product for you . If you want to have to deal with a company that just does n't care about anything except for making a quick buck , buy from MD Skincare .
 I have been using this for several months now and I am not particularly impressed by it . The liquid itself is smooth and silky and it goes on and washes off quite easily but it seems to not have done anything to/for my skin . Jury 's sill out for me ...
 I was quickly attracted to this product because of its claims of being all-natural , because it was using a new ` miracle ingrediant ' -LRB- rice , amongst others -RRB- , and because I fell for the whole `` It sounds exotic , therefore it must work ! '' thing . And , as someone who is addicted to trying to find the ` perfect ' skin products , this seemed like a no-brainer to try.Before I review this though , here 's what showed up at my place when I ordered it :1 -RRB- Cleansing Foam2 -RRB- `` Special '' Cream3 -RRB- UV Base Cream4 -RRB- Eye Moisture `` Jell '' -LRB- I know how to spell Gel . But they do n't ? -RRB- 5 -RRB- Skin Care Cream6 -RRB- Hair Shampoo7 -RRB- Hair Treatment -LRB- Conditioner -RRB- 8 -RRB- Moisturizer9 -RRB- Moisture Cream Silver10 -RRB- TonerFrom the list , perhaps you can tell how ambiguous this product line is . What am I supposed to do with all of these products ? Do I need all of them to get the benefits of the product claims?This seems like another product line that assumes that the placebo effect of WANTING it to work will actually CAUSE it to work . -LRB- Hey , maybe if we make our products expensive , people will manage to justify their money splurge by seeing actual results ! -RRB- For example , the direction for the `` Cleansing Foam '' begins `` You will not experience the dryness that often accompanies other products . You may notice a slightly pink glow to your skin ... '' and the `` Moisture Cream '' claims that it `` will absorb readily , leaving no oily residue to block the pores . '' ... So what happens if my skin DOES become dry , and the cream DOES make me oily ? Because that 's what happened.Perhaps I should not expect results after having had only used the line once ... but hey , they 're the ones who sent me teeny-tiny sample sizes that can ONLY be used once ... so it seems like they think I should be impressed enough to buy more , based on these samples.If the price seems low to you , it 's because the samples are really , really , small . And you should DEFINITELY buy the samples before buying one of the full-sized products . I very nearly fell for the product claims and reviews enough to just get the full sizes . `` Hey , if it comes even close to being that good , I 'll be happy ! `` Do n't . Resist the urge . Buy some samples . Maybe this works for some skin types , but not for me .
 I ordered the samples of this product because I was interested in trying the sulphate free shampoo , which is expensive . The samples are REALLY random , so you may not get ones you actually wanted to try . Most of the ones I got were things I was n't interested in . And I did n't get the shampoo sample . They say you can return it for a refund , less shipping and handling , but the shipping and handling were double the cost of the product itself .
 I have normal to combination skin . Normally I use the rice collection at Bath and Body Works but they 're no longer making it and I thought from the discription , it would be a perfect replacement.The cleanser was nice , but my face never felt clean after using it . The face lotion made my face almost sticky after applying it and probably lasted a good hour to two hours after , plus it made me shiney and made my make-up not last very long . The eye gel was even worse . My skin could n't absorb it . It was light , but very thick . I could n't put my make-up on after using it , guess it 's supposed to be just for at night?The hair items , did nothing for my hair . My hair was very tangled and knotted after using it . Did n't help my hair at all . My hair was still and thin and limp after using it as it was before I did unlike the store brand hair products that cost a lot less.I 'm very glad I ordered the sample pack instead of jumping right in and ordering the stuff . I would have spent way too much money on a product that does n't help my skin or hair at all . I 've used store brnd products that were better than these items -LRB- and cost a heck of a lot less ! -RRB- . Buyer beware if you have my skin type . This would probably be better for someone who has very dry skin maybe who could possibly have a better chance at absorbing the lotions .
 When I purchased this product , I thought I was getting a good deal because of the cheaper price . However , once I received it , I knew I had made a mistake . I 've been using this product for several years now , and I knew just by looking at this one that it was n't right . The texture was incredibly thin , and the color was much lighter -- something that could only leave me to believe that maybe water had been added to it.Lesson learned -- spend the extra money -- you 're paying for quality !
 I bought these Trim Toenail Clippers because of `` NJMOM 's Review '' above . NJMOM stated these clippers are `` STRAIGHT '' not `` CURVED '' , WRONG , these clippers are CURVED ! I emailed Farm & Home Supply Center for a `` RGA Number '' to return these clippers and never got one . I 'll keep them but I 'm not happy.If you want a straight cutting blade toenail clipper , these are not the ones . Get the Tweeezerman ones .
 There are not enough color selections for the average person . The product seems to work but Coverblend needs to work on offering more color selections as women come in a variety of shades and skin tones .
 THESE CLIPPERS FELL APART WITHEN TWO WEEKS.I 'VE NEVER SEEN SUCH POORLY MADE CLIPPERS.DO NOT BUY.THE PART HOLDING IT ALL TOGETHER FELL OUT WHILE USEING IT .
 They should have called this product lemon vaseline . The scent is nice , but it almost is n't a scrub at all ; it 's got some granulated sugar among a sea of greasy pommade . It leaves skin sticky and does not wash off . Do not buy this product if you 're expecting an actual exfoliator !
 A sugar and oil mix with an explosive citrus fragrance . Yes , your skin will feel softer , but it 's not worth it . I had to wash it off with soap and water , then clean the tub before I got out so I would n't fall . Take a shower and spray yourself with oil spray - it 's not messy or stinky , and certainly not as slippery !
 This junk really stinks -LRB- literally , it smells horrible -RRB- !! I 've used better products and those other attractants did trigger responses in females . I 've been INSULTED by the females at my job after using alter ego and been told things like `` what in the world is that new cologne you 're wearing , it does n't smell good '' . I told my wife I was wearing a new type of `` after shave '' and she hates it so much I had to promise NOT to wear it to bed . Do n't believe the hype of Alter Ego , there are far far far better Pheromones . It 's apparent they tried to give it a MASCULINE tone , but they went too far .
 I ordered Alter Ego for men but got Alter Ego for woman . I followed the procedure given on the the web to complain and ask how to do the return , but did not get any answer .
 I ordered :4 - Revlon Age Defying Makeup - Color 05 - Soft BeigeThey sent :3 - Revlon Age Defying Makeup - Color 05 - Soft Beige -- -LRB- Note
 I am a very young looking 61 years old woman . I do n't wear foundation on regular basis , but sometimes I like to look extra nice . Revlon 's age defiying foundation does n't fit it 's name . It looks good when you put it on , but after wearing it few hours , it magnifies every line on my face . . actually I see some I never seen before . Honestly , if this is what make up foundation will do , I 'll be much more content without it . Show me one that does n't do it , and I 'll become a believer ... But surely , to call it age defying , it is simply not true !
 I 've used lots of lip and cheek stains that have had a great result , and unfortunately this is not one of them . I gave it two stars because of the price
 I have been using Exuviance products for a couple of years now and have been very satisfied and feel I have found my skin care products that I intend to use for the future . But , unfortunately I had a bad experience when I ordered the products from Amazon.com -LRB- through a dealer called Impossible Discounts -RRB- - Rejuvenating Treatment Masque , Hydrating Eye Complex and Clarifying Facial Cleanser . All three products were dirty and did not come with any outer box or sealing . Actually , the products looked used ! I have sent this complaint to Exuviance , but have not got any reply and now it is two months since I sent the complaint . . I am afraid that I will not buy Exuviance again nor buying at Amazone again after this incident .
 I am disappointed with this product.It is very cakey and do not cover blemishes more then my regular make up.It leaves streaks which looks really unattractive.I also find it hard to apply .
 doent cover goo at all to me very light coverage wont buy it again sorry to say good day . . bye
 I had high hopes for this product and I was completely disappointed . If you like wearing makeup that looks very obvious , then this is your product . It was very cakey and did not cover anything unless is was piled on in multiple layers - which looks really attractive . Plus it always came squirting out of the tube without being squeezed . I ended up throwing it away in the garbage where it belonged .
 I have yet to find a concealer that I am happy with . I have really dark under eye circles and this does camouflage them somewhat , but not how I had hoped . Instead of covering them , it seems to change their shade . Kind of like as if I were painting and rubbed white paint on a black spot , turning it grey . Get what I mean ? It also looks really CAKEY ! It could be because I have really dry skin , but not even with moisturizer + primer does it stop looking cakey.I 'm returning this for my money back . That 's primarily why I bought it here . I 'm going to try Eve Pearl 's salmon concealer in my shade , as well as Shiseido 's concealer . Hopefully I 'll find one I like .
 I bought the Alpha Diamante Cristalli Illuminating shampoo and conditioner , the first time I used it I did n't like the results but after the third time of use this product cause my haird to be extremely dry causing scabs on my scalp I discontinued but this was a waste of money and my hair is worse .
 I have to say this toner removes the very last of my make up , after I wash it with a lush product , angels on bare skin or herbalism -LRB- I switch those up , to help my adult acne flare ups , herbalism dries your skin out a bit , but not to bad , that is why I switch is up -RRB- I then use a facial toner from lush , however it does not seem to removeall the make up , you think it does , unless you go over your face one more time with the exuviance.But I am not sure , as the bottle is big , but it is still a lot of money for it if i will reorder.The smell is kind of orangy , but goes away in half a minute , wish it would have a fresher smell also . And it does feel a bit oily on the kin , but only compared to all other toners . Think i will try a rose pedal toner everyone is raving about on amazon for less then ten dollars next.I do love the exuviance hyrda gel night gel . But again it is a very pricey product line.I really did not see an improvement on both mentioned products in the last two weeks . Will update if it changesin the next fours week . If not then for me and my skin at least , this was as good as it will get with this lineOh , I also tried their wrinkle filler , a new product as sample and that did not work . Any collagen fillerfrom l'oeral for ten dollars works better
 I contact the company by e mail to return the product as directed the company e mails back to ask for a reason and if the product was opened I replied and the company DID NOT what is the next step to return the product ?????????????
 This product smells disgusting , not like plumeria products I have bought . If you like plumeria , do not buy ... ... ... ...
 Smells bad , just like any other tanning lotion , and the smell stays on your skin all day . would not recommend
 I was really excited about this product since it had so many wonderful reviews , especially coming from people with pale skin like mine . The product did n't live up to my expectations at all . I turned orange the first night , but I continued to try it out for at least a week to be able to give an accurate review . I just became more and more orange , it streaked everywhere , and overall looked extremely fake . I 'm really disappointed because I thought this would finally be the best tanning product out there for people with light/pale skin , but once again it just did n't work . I think this would work well for others who have a base tan already .
 I wanted to love this , I really did . Unfortunately , just like every other self tanner on the planet , I looked orange . That being said , I was not nearly as orange as some other products have made me , which made fixing my mistake with exfoliating a lot less difficult .
 I bought the lipstick as mine had turned old and I wanted a fresh one -LRB- even though the color has been discontinued -RRB- . The lipstick I received was the same quality of old as the one I already own . The lipsticks are old and should be thrown out ! For $ 17 , the vendor should not be selling .
 Lipstick that arrived is so old , it even smells worse then my granny 's oldest lipstick which she takes out from the tube with a match!I had to throw it away ...
 First off , let me say that I have been braiding hair for two decades and although I am not a licensed professional , I think I would definitely qualify as an experienced braid technician , or whatever you wish to call it . I bought this product because I thought , `` Wow ! This is pretty cool ! It might spare the tips of my fingers from being burned '' . Well , I was wrong . It does n't `` cut '' the braid as described . It burns off the bottom portion and creates a finished look that is quite tacky considering that you have to clamp down on the braid longer than you might expect just to `` cut '' it . I ended up using my lighter . Whoever designed this should get back to the drawing board . Do not buy this product unless you want the end of your braids to look like a big flat piece of melted plastic . To give this item one star is giving it way too much credit .
 this thing is a piece of crap.have to hold it so long it burns the hair . no do n't buy this please . now this has nothing to do with the seller .
 I tried this product , noticed absolutely no difference in the appearance in my skin , wrinkles or anything else , just saying
 This oil feels like baby oil but more watery and oily . Total waste of money and did not sooth or heal my skin . I have never written a review but I really needed something to heal my skin and am so dissaponted I waited for such a poor product with awful quality and results . Do not buy !
 I do n't think the product does what they say it will do which makes it a very expensive bottle of oil . The program would not let me submit wtih no stars , which is what I would give the product based on the claims for the products usage .
 I thought it was going to be THE PRODUCT that I wanted . But it was n't . I bought it to get rid of my blackheads , but it does n't do anything .
 Ordered this for my wife 's birthday . was disappointed as the container was totally different . i ordered COTY VANILLA FIELDS COLOGNE SPRAY FOR WOMEN , 1 Once ... was shipped `` VANILLA FIELDS BY COTY COLOGNE SPRAY 1 Oz '' . In other words same product different container and slightly less expensive , although we were charged the full amount . Not enough difference to go thru the hassle of returning it . .
 The product I received in no way resembles the Vanilla Fields cologne I 've been buying for years . The bottle is not the same , but more important , the fragance is unfamiliar , and malodorous . Caveat emptor .
 This arrived in a different package and bottle than shown . The box has tear marks and is beat up . It also has a nasty , dirty spot where some sort of sticker was removed . What a great looking Christmas gift this will make .
 It arrived in an amazon box with cushion . Inside the perfume box was beat up and covered in something sticky . Oh , and about 25 % of the perfume was already used .
 I bought this 2 years or so ago , and I am STILL upset about it . it arrived and was a dark orange-ish color , and smelled rank and well just old . I would never ever buy from here again . I waited 15 years to have this fragrance because I could never afford it , only to be let down terribly . maybe they didnt know it was expired and had went bad . . i dunno ... in any case , bad bad experience .
 This did not have a fruity smell at all and had to be thrown out because it is definatley not something I would ever wear again .
 This is a beautiful fragrance for those who adore something heavy , almost syrupy , to wear . It 's a very deep , sweet and spicy scent , kind of like Estee Lauder 's Spellbound , which is also too heavy for my own personal taste . But some people review this most enthusiastically , so it 's worth giving it a try . The price is right , so not a huge loss if it does n't do it for you .
 After taking an internet perfume quiz and falling into the ` Bohemian ' catagory , it was suggested I may like this scent . Oh God ... it is horrible . It does n't just smell like `` Dirt '' ... a nice earthy `` I 've been gardening '' scent ... it smells like dirt from a landfill . The clerk laughed when I actually gagged .
 Have used this product before and was quite pleased with it so when I saw it on sale at Amazon I bought two bottles . Not sure if what I got was the real stuff or if it was grossly past the expiration date but it did not compare to what I had bought at the Molton Brown store before.I ended up throwing the stuff away and bought a new bottle directly from MB . I will never again buy this product on Amazon . I will buy from a MB store to make sure I get a quality product .
 I really wanted to love this moisturizer ! I have very fair , sensitive skin , and this was supposed to be one of the best bets for my skin type . It also has a great high SPF.But , alas it does not sink into my skin . It does not blend well at all . It leaves a terrible white residue that takes forever to rub in.Maybe because of the high SPF ? I am not sure , but I was definitely disappointed .
 I bought this product because of the stellar reviews , but this product turned out to be TERRIBLE . When you apply this product to your face , it does n't absorb into your skin ... it just sits there and leaves you with a white mask . And who would go out in public wearing a white mask on their face ?!?!?! For some reason no one mentioned that on here , but if you go to other websites -LRB- drugstore , com - I ca n't use a period because they might remove the link -RRB- and read this products reviews you will see what I 'm talking about . Trust me when I say do not waste your money on this product ; Neutrogena 's Ultrasheer sunblock is the best sunblock for your face out there .
 I tested this product on my arms for a week . It dried sticky , and this caused me to be very itchy . I ended up stratching up my arms , but after I stopped using this product , my arms started to clear back up . But , still have some scarring . I think I will go back to the original Eucerin that dried clear , and did n't leave any residue .
 I USED to LOVE this perfume and used for years . But the last two times I bought it from Perfume World or I give someone to use , I have noticed that it smells worse than sweat - horrible . I don &#8217; t believe this is the original perfume . Something somewhere is not right with it . But the original -LRB- real Paloma Picasso -RRB- was excellent . Everyone used to ask me what I was wearing and where to get it ! My $ 60 down the drain ! Next time will try to buy from Macys like I used to and see if I can get the original Paloma .
 I had high hopes for this perfume . I have previously used a creme brulee perfume from Bathwerks that was absolutely amazing , and I have yet to find a replacement for it . The Laura Mercier perfume smells artificial , and is cloying .
 This leaves your skin dry & not lumenescent like the other neo strata aha lotion . Tingles must work , but your skin does not look smoother afterwards .
 Not the external package , but the box for this product is damaged . The lotion spilt over the bottle and made me do n't wan na try it on my skin .
 I was really excited about the product after I read some reviews . When I got the product I used the first night and went to bed , next morning I had the most surprising results from this product , smooth skin like a velvet free of any lumps , however , the followed days my skin just came back the same rough skin as usual . I am still using the product even I know my skin is the same . No more velvet skin or nothing . I do have Keratosis , I bought this product believing in the reviews that I got from people with the same skin condition than mine . I used on my face also to try to take off some dark spot from sun , it did n't work yet.So I do n't like this product because did not do anything for me . I feel I thrown money away .
 Disappointed ... It was not what it looked like in the photo , the product quality is satisfactory . I prefer other combos by this brand .
 I have purchased this perfume for years at Macy 's . The perfume sent to me had the packaging and it appeared to be Dazzling Silver ; however either the bottle was refilled with something that would make you ill or it was 40 years old . The vendor did not respond to my complaints or agree to refund my money . I would never order from these people again .
 The seal was broken and some of the product had been used . Because I was afraid to use it I tossed it out .
 I tried this cream and now have to go to a dermatologist because of a skin reaction . The only positive feedback comes from a feedback pro . Do n't believe me ... read the other `` reviews '' they have left . Buyer beware ... any company that has to pay someone to write their reviews needs to put out a better product so real reviews can be written .
 You guys are supposed to be reviewing the cream here , not the spray . And as far as I can tell , this cream does NOT relieve the itch at all ! Totally ineffective , and I ca n't really even tell that there 's any menthol in it .
 It may work for some but not for me . I used this product for about 8 weeks with no results .
 I had high hopes for this soap after reading the reviews . It does seem to work very well controlling sebhorreic dermatitis . But for some reason , it gave me almost a hive type of reaction . I 'm not sure what it was . I know I have breakout-prone skin , and so I was taking a risk by using a solid bar soap , instead of a liquid face wash.The ZNP bar does really improve itching and redness in general . However , after only one or two washings , it would give me large , red , itchy ... I 'm not sure what . They were like hives . I took a break from the soap a few times and tried using it again , hoping I would not react to it , but unfortunately I did , each time . So it was helping one problem -LRB- seb derm -RRB- but causing basically the same problem.The soap smells very very good . It also does seem to last for ever . I 've never seen a soap this sturdy . After using it , it 's as if the soap bar has n't decreased in size at all.If you are not prone to break outs , I think this soap would be a miracle , since it is so cost effective . Compared to prescriptions for sebhorreic dermatitis , this soap is so much cheaper , considering that one bar probably would last months . It also smells very nice.Unfortunately , I ca n't seem to use it without getting allergic type reactions . I am really not sure why I get these reactions , and am really disappointed . I really hoped this soap would be my cheap , reliable solution.One tip for those who want to buy this soap . It seems it is only available online now . I could n't find it in any drug store .
 Firstly , I found this cream to have an odd smell to it . Secondly , it moisturizes well but not as well as I had anticipated and hoped.This product was disappointing and I do not plan on repurchasing . There are other products from NeoStrata that I love but this definitely is not one of them !
 After I started working out , watching my diet , purchasing Delfin Spa shorts , I thought this would be the final step in getting rid of any stubborn cellulite before bathing suit season began . I purchased this for $ 27 -LRB- not including shipping -RRB- . At the end of one week , I have a rash that 's spread from my ankles to the top of my thighs , my upper arms , my chest and part of my abdomen . It looks and feels like I 've been attacked by a million red ants . After a day , symptoms got worse . Never having any skin problems like this before , I went to the clinic . After $ 64 for the visit , $ 62 in prescriptions , I am now going to be on 10 pills a day for the next 14 days to get this cleared up . To boot , sweat is n't allowed , so no working out either . My lesson
 I 've had this product for less than a month - within a few uses , its finish started to wear off and now the wood is molding -LRB- see customer photo -RRB- ... it 's a complete piece of junk . In addition to the poor quality of materials , as others have stated - it 's not designed very well - handle is too short and not angled enough . Its only semi-redeemable quality was having very stiff , scratchy bristles that , for what areas of my back I could reach with it , those areas felt sufficiently scrubbed . But who wants to scrub their backs with a moldy back scrubber , no matter how stiff its bristles are ? Yuck!I will return this as `` defective '' as it certainly fits that criteria in my mind - anything that ca n't even hold up through the 30-day return period is pretty pathetic .
 I bought this because my wife had surgery and needed something to use in the shower to reach parts she could n't bend to get to . The brush can not handle water very well . It started to get funky and peel and became useless within a month . I guess if one completely dries it off after every use and hangs it in the open air to continue drying , it might last longer and be useful . If you hang it in your shower , though , it turns into some germ ridden piece of junk in no time .
 The wood on the brush head started splitting the first time it was used . Now the bristles are falling out . We are going to have to buy a different scrub brush .
 this brush is extremly hard , we cant use it and now the wood is getting black , keeping water insise ... . is not good
 This thing looks good in the pictures , but I immediately regret only reading the first few reviews . The negative reviews are 100 % correct . I had this thing delivered on 2/16/12 , and I threw it away yesterday -LRB- 3/4/12 -RRB- , as it was cracked , peeled , and starting to mold . Do Not Buy this item .
 The brush is stiff , I guess you get used to it . It has a long handle , compared to a hair bush ? The handle is smooth and you can not grip it when you are in the shower . It is anything but ergonomic . I guess you take a dry bath . Do not buy this brush unless you are needing to bristle off some very caked on dry skin or rust and can use a grinder to make the handle gripable . What a waste of good money .
 This was an incredibly bad product . Yes , it has a chamber for water ... why I do not know , because it NEVER produced steam ! If you want something to curl your hair with steam , I suggest a Caruso Professional SalonPro 30 Molecular Steam Hairsetter .
 I ordered the Elizabeth Arden 5th Avenue set and was of the impression that I was getting three items , however , when the package was delivered I did not get the 0.12 mini perfume . Prior to making my purchase I would have liked to know that the set only contained two items .
 the perfume came without outer plastic package , as if it had been opened before : -LRB- no date of production , no detail description -LRB- like citronelol , eugenol , coumarin etc -RRB- the paper pack -LRB- the box -RRB- was deformedvery disappointing purchase . I ordered another perfume the same time from Perfumania - all the above stated points were ok .
 So when I orginally purchased this item in store , I feel in love with the scent . So upon running out of my perfume I was destined to find the scent online and replace it . But after ordering it and wearing it a couple of times , I realized the smell from this scent was a tad-who am I kidding , wayyyy different from the scent that I smelled in the store . Sorry , but I just do n't believe this is the same With Love scent I purchase . Smelled like a cheap attempt to manufacture the real thing - __ -
 This product was delivered promptly and efficiently within three days of ordering it.Don ' t like the scent anymore however , I do n't know if I have changed or if it is an old batch .
 I bought the Olivia Body Oil just showed like the picture sevel times in Greece . My wife felt it good . So I want to buy some again.I found it and the picture showed just like the same thing what I wanted . I put my trust in it . I am so disappointed and shocked with what shipped to me ! It is not at all like the picture showed me , including the bottle and the something in it . I do not know what happened . I just feel being deceived ! If there is zero star I can choose , I will.Sorry for my English .
 Dries out my skin . The hand cream is great and I expected more from the soap .
 I bought this `` face lotion '' two months ago and for my face , everytime I use it my face peels and I break out in a red rash . I thought it might be a combination of this and another product , but even using Nivea face lotion by itself after two days without any other products -LRB- to include soap -RRB- causes it -LRB- I think I also have peeling issues with their aftershave lotion , so it might be their fragerance -RRB- . I 'm not saying this will happen to you , but figured I would warn others . I 'm now just using it on my legs now and it seems to not cause any problems there .
 I bought this dryer on October 15 , received it on October 23 and on November 9 the plug started to overheat and burn after 5 minutes of use . The settings at which the plug started to smoke were
 I would love to review this item , that I purchased over a month ago , but still have not received it . Apparently they have not accomadated their supply to the demands of the public .
 I liked this face wash the first 2 times I used it but after that I found it very drying . I have pretty sensitive skin , especially in the winter , and I found I had to use twice as much moisturizer after washing my face with this or my face would burn the rest of the day . I 'm sure it 'll be better once the weather gets warmer . In the mean time I am using it sparingly .
 I was looking for a regimen change . Why ? I 'm not sure , except that I thought there might be something even better than the Purpose Gentle Cleansing Wash I 've been using for years . I bought the four-pack of Basis based on the high ratings from other users . At first it was okay , though I found the smell overpowering , but soon my skin became noticeably worse . After a couple of weeks , I had to quit . My skin was drier than before and I had gone from few and rare pimples to all-the-time breakouts . I 'm disappointed . Should have stuck with the Purpose .
 This seller claims that if not satisfied with the product , they will issue you a refund as long as you send the product back within 30 days . Well is almost a month since I send the products back and I havent seeing no refund yet . I tried calling and sending the seller messages with no luck they wont return my calls or write . I also think that phone number given is fake , because nobody ever answers the phone .
 The product arrived perfectly packaged . And that is where the perfection ended . It had an unpleasant and musty finish , which made it unwearable . Perhaps the scent was too old and had deteriorated . Because it was unwearable , it was returned to the sender .
 The product does not worth the price , and the texture of it is too thick.It 's definitly not a day cream because the way it looks on your face , unless you do n't mind going out there looking all green ; and is unconfourtable to sleep with because it 's also sticky.I 'm sorry but that 's how it is .
 I 'm totally disappointed . I trusted the review on this product . This is like a candle . It 's not watery and different from other products in a weired way ... i feel like putting a paraffin on my skin .
 This lipgloss was too pale , unflattering , and all nars lipglosses are way too sticky , make my lips peel , smell and taste bad . My go to lip glosses are revlon over the counter lipgloss .
 $ 24.00 for a lip gloss , that 's a pretty heavy duty price point for a lip gloss . I expect a LOT from gloss this expensive and high end.I ordered a tube of `` Orgasm '' and expected the perfect nude lip . Nope ! There just is n't anything about this gloss that impressed me . It was sticky . It was n't very opaque . There was so little color payoff ! I have had comparable -LRB- or dare I say , better ! -RRB- glosses for 1/5th the price . I ca n't believe I 'm about to type this , but L'Oreal makes a gloss a million times better than this at 1/4th the price ! Try NYX 's glosses at 1/6th the price -LRB- and I like them better than the L'Oreal -RRB- . Please do n't buy into the hype of the Orgasm gloss . You wo n't have an orgasm when you use it , you 'll be saying , `` That 's it . . ? ''
 This lipgloss tasted and smelled terrible ... like melted plastic . As much as I enjoy Nars products , I do n't recommend this gloss to anyone . Try MAC or Lancome or Revlon . This lipgloss was revolting .
 I bought this because I read that Nars made long lasting lip gloss but this product is just like any other lip gloss to me stays on for maybe one hour or so .
 I love this product . It is truly my go to lipgloss color . However , this particular tube leaks and gets everything in my purse all sticky . Yuck . I think the wand is loose or something . Somethings are better just picked up in store I suppose .
 This lipgloss is a nice color , but it smells and tastes absolutely HORRIBLE !!! And no , I do n't purposely ingest lipgloss , but any woman knows that if it 's on your lips , some of it is inevitably going to get in your mouth . Yuck . This is DEFINITELY not worth $ 24 . I will never buy this again . Save your money .
 This item was out of stock , so I did not receive it . However , I received timely notification from Amazon.com .
 I love this product however I will not purchase from this store again . I gave a low rating the first time due to the fact that when I received the product it was leaking and that the sprayer top was broken . I had to transplant what was left of the product into another spray bottle so I could use what was left in the bottle . I was contacted by the store and asked if I would take down my review and they would replace my order . I did and still have not received the replacement product . This was before Christmas . Would not order from here unless you want to get half of what you pay for .
 I have purchased this product before and it is a great product but the company I bought it from STILL has not sent it to me . I emailed them and still no response . I bought it beginning of Sept and I STILL have not received it
 It did nothing for me ! I have just bleached my hair and was looking for something &#34; intense &#34; but this is n't it ! It really did n't help with smoothing or detangling , I would n't buy this , I much prefer ` it 's a 10 ' .
 I purchased this product after researching that it was very good for your skin , especially if you had acne . Also , the product stated that it was good for people with oily/acne prone skin , which I have combination skin and acne as well . This did not help with my acne AT ALL !! Also , it made the oily parts of my skin more oily than usual , which irritated me . I later did some research on Triclosan , the listed active ingredient for this product . Triclosan is suspected of being a cause for cancer in humans -LRB- but then again everything is these days -RRB- , however the side effects are lasting . Triclosan is used in antibacterial products like soaps and sanitizers and toothpastes because it is an effective bacteride . Here 's the article I read . -LSB- ... -RSB- At the end of the day , this product is only good for people with little to moderate acne . You need something stronger if your acne is more on the severe side . I am very annoyed that I wasted close to $ 30 on this product
 I bought this because I heard tea tree oil may be effective at stopping dandruff and scalp itch . It did not work for me . It actually made my itching worse and my scalp flake more . Perhaps it was the carrier oil in this solution or that there was not a high enough concentration of tea tree oil.I have found that Kera Care scalp conditioner with salicylic acid is working better for me to control flakes although unfortunately the itchiness is about the same .
 So a friend of mine bought this for her hair from Walmart and she thought oh it tea tree oil and it cheap so why not try it , and try it she did . The very next day after putting this on her scalp to stop itchy scalp , she went from having itchy scalp to having FIRE SCALP . Her hair itched so bad that she got scratches on her head from scratching , this product may be good for other things but its not good for hair . READ THE INGREDIENTS !!!!
 I bought this without checking the ingredients for natural hair , turns out it 's not made out of 100 % naturalproducts -LRB- duh -RRB- . I tried it and it made my scalp very scratchy . I do n't know why . so Thump down , going in the garbage .
 The number one ingredient in this product is soy bean oil . That 's not what I wanted . Also , I saw it at Walmart and it was only 2 dollars .
 Sorry but I made the mistake of buying this item because of the low price . When I got the item , I inmediately noticed that it looked different . it was n't until I tried it that I realized that it does n't smell like the original . This is most definitely a knock off.I talked to the vendor and they deny it , and say they can not take it back because it has been opened . All I can say it that it was a lesson learned , and I will be more careful next time when I buy something.Edwin
 Wife wanted to try something new to keep her hair straight . I saw the reviews here and for the price it sounded good . My wife used it twice on two opposite settings and both times all it did was make her hair frizz . I called the company to make a complaint and all they would do is say I can pay to ship it back and include a check for $ 7 for return shipping and they will repair or replace it with the same model . I said it will cost me about $ 20 back and forth shipping for something I paid $ 26 for and you are not up grading me . I told them that I will be reviewing there product and I will never again purchase another Conair product . They did not care . I was shocked that a company that big with the times as they are would rather get a negative review and lose a customer than just replace it at NC for an upgrade .
 A flat iron does a better job . This device somewhat straightens , but it 's too puffy . You still need to finish the tips with flat iron .
 Very dissapointing ! It did dry -LRB- while it was working -RRB- my very curly , frizzy hair , but left it just as frizzy and curly . I still needed to use a flat iron after it . But then it just stopped working . I plugged it in , turned it on and it made a strange humming sound , and that was it . It was functional for 6 months . I ca n't say that it worked for 6 months though because even though the unit did turn on and dry my hair , it did nothing in the way of straightening my hair . Do n't waste your money on it .
 this item was just like a blow dryer but takes alot longer . yes it straightened my hair but no it wasnt quick or easy . I know that a flat iron damages your hair but i rather do that than take an hour and a half styling . however i do give this product kudos for not damaging . what can i say i didnt pay for the expensive option . Like i said you get what you pay for .
 I have used other hair styling tools so I am not totally inept with them , but this tool was a real failure on my hair . My hair is fine and straight and I wanted a little curve to it -LRB- achievable with other hot brushes -RRB- . All it did was to frizz my -LRB- usually -RRB- non frizzy hair . The strands do not wrap tightly around the cylinder and this causes fly away hair . For anyone with my type of hair , I wd strongly advise against this tool .
 I have shoulder length curly , fine hair . I followed the directions for use and I ended up with a messy head of frizzy hair . The brush does more blowing than straightening in my opinion - it is fine for drying hair . But I did not get the sleek , smooth , shiny effect that was promised by the straightening tool . It was nothing like the salon straightening job I normally get . I will be returning this styler ASAP . Very unhappy .
 I feel like I waisted money on this product . The clamps dont hold onto my hair like they should to straighten/dry my hair . My hair was still left looking like it was frizzy . I did a better job at blow drying my hair with a dryer and then straightening my hair with my straightener than using this product . Do n't buy it !
 I have already returned mine that I bought from here . Trust me , it 's not worth the $ 50 . It made my hair really frizzy and is more of blow dryer than a straightener . When I usually straightener I like to listen to music or watch TV , but with this I ca n't do either because it makes that noise that blow dryers make . It just really does n't straighten hair that well either . Save yourself a lot of regret and do n't buy it .
 This product is money going to the trash . I used it once and it does n't do ANYTHING . It can hardly grasp the hair and ca n't really streighten anything . Simply does n't fit .
 While the thing worked just as good as a flat iron in half the time I went through 4 of these , in a little over a year . They All died within 3-5 months of each other . I called the company and gotten replacement for my first one and and was given a 6-10 week wait , so I buckled and bought another one ... which died before they even sent me my replacement which was taking way longer then 10 weeks , when i called again asking where my replacement was , the guy we talked to said there was no reason i should have even had that wait and that he 'd make sure he sent a replacement for both dryers , and that they 'd arrive in a timely manner . Which they did . Both replacements are dead . I switched back to my flat iron , which cost the same as one of those stupid driers but has lasted at least 4 years and still works like day 1 .
 My hair is about 90 % straight and 10 % wavy , so you would n't think it takes much to make it sleek , straight and shiny ; I even use an ant-firzz serum before I style . But using this Conair took twice as long as drying and straightening my hair in two steps , and gave me half as straight hair . I even used my regular blow dryer first to get most of the dampness out , thinking this would speed up the process ... but no , it took ages . The Conair is basically a very small hairdryer with a few brush bristles . When I was finished , my hair definitely had frizz and fly aways , and I had to go back over it with my Chi flat iron . I really wanted to like this product and to save time , but I will be returning it .
 I bought this hoping that I could get rid of my flat iron , but this is nothing more than a hair dryer with a comb attachment turned sideways . The tension settings either pulled my hair too much or did n't put it at all . My hair looked just the same as it would have if I had used my hair dryer and a comb attachment . Save yourself some money and buy a $ 5 comb attachment to put on your hair dryer . I have AA relaxed hair .
 I have curly , frizzy hair and thought this would be a great product . It did not do a good job . My hair still had a frizz to it and it took awhile to dry . I returned it , I still do like conair products , just not this one .
 I used it just like it said , I brushed as it dried never leaving it in one place and after one use I found a section of hair that was burned.This gets too hot and their is no way to protect the hair shaft.It is going back and I will have to trim my hair
 I got this stuff as a gift in europe but because of the voltage i gave it back and bought it here in USA . The USA version looks pretty much cheaper and poor made than the -LRB- same brand-model-etc . -RRB- european version . I used it once with hardly satisfactory results , the second time something burned inside and start smoking . I wouldnt recomend it to anybody ...
 If you have never used a flat iron before , do n't even bother.This product does not come even close to the results I get when i use my flat iron . A waste of money , to say the least .
 the product started out working well but when i got 3/4 through styling my hair , the product started to have that burning smell . would n't recommend it
 Bought this hot air brush six months ago because I could not locate another WIGO ion hot air brush at any of my local stores . Seriously regret the purchase as it was a total waste of money . Brush only worked for six months - 5 minutes per day , with one user - before it died . No warning , just would not start one day and it went in the garbage . Highly recommend the WIGO and have purchased another one to replace this Conair that was not worth the price .
 I read the reviews and thought ok , I 'll try it . I was very disappointed . A lot of the reviews said it was good for African American Hair . BEWARE ! It almost pulled my hair out . WAY TOO MUCH STRESS ON MY HAIR ! Thank you
 This product gets 2 thumbs down ! I was really hoping this would be the product for me , but it 's a no go . First off , I have naturally curly/wavy hair . My hair meets in the middle . This product did n't work that great at all and my hair was frizzy after using it . I even tried using each of the settings . Second ; the product died after two times of using it ! I read reviews before I purchased this and thought it was worth a shot . Maybe I got a defective one ? Who knows . Well , all I can say now say that it was a waste of money .
 I have gone into some research on ConAir products . I have come to see that this comapany does not have it 's priorities straight . I 've heard the Customer Service is n't even effective ! SOME of this particular company 's products are marked as a rip-off . Why is it that some times when you buy a Con Air product , it works , and other times it does n't . I am ANNOYIED that this company sells thousands of defective products and gets away with it too ! Look at the facts ladies and gentlemen , about 1/3 of the Infiniti by Conair BC173 Professional Tourmaline Ceramic Wet Dry Straightening Hot Air Stylers that were purchased and reviewed had been defective or did not get the job done as well as expected!We can not expect perfection from any company . But buying this product is a GAMBLE ! Like any product on the market of course . We can not always be sure if we will get what we paid for . I hope this helped you make up your mind - I know I am sick and tired of wondering if anything will work out the way I want it to.Spend wisely ! Shop with Caution!E.V.E .
 this is not what i wanted.i tryed to get a hold of someone to tell me where to send this back and no one could help me.they just shifted me around to some one else.i wont order again
 In a nutshell , not enough wattage to get the job done in a reasonable amount of time . I 'd also appreciate a shorter cord . I love the idea of this device , the straightening element works well for me . My hair is coarse and very wavy , always frizzy unless I straighten , so I really wanted to like this product . My friend who has finer , thinner hair than mine loves it . However , the 700 watt power makes styling take forever . I may as well dry and then iron , since it would be faster . Still , I 'll probably keep this for travel , since it 's very portable .
 After reading the mixed reviews , I took a chance and bought one . It was n't a total waste , but basically , it is a hair dryer . When I use it as directed , my hair still requires further streightning with an iron , though only about half as much as it used to . If I had it to do again , I would save the $ 50 , and just buy a better brush to use with my blowdryer .
 This product is okay , but does not do what I had hoped that it would . It does not get hot enough and it does n't blow enough air to do what I had hoped . A blow dryer or a straightening iron work better than this item on curly or frizzy hair .
 I bought this at CVS after reading the reviews here and at other places and used it once - Really liked the results - Straight but full hair , like twice the volume of a typical flat iron . BUT the next time I tried to turn it on - NOTHING - I tried different outlets , pressed the trip button on the plug ... I returned it for another one thinking it was a fluke . I used it 3 times with GREAT results - and then went to use it the 4th time and again - it would not turn on . Just returned it for a refund . The price would be worth it if it actually worked more than a few times . I think Conair needs to figure out what the problem is and come back with a new improved model .
 This is the first time in my life I have been inspired to come online and write a review of a product.When I first saw the ad for this on TV , I thought it sounded like just what I needed . I rushed to the store , but it was n't even on sale yet . Finally I found it yesterday at walgreen 's - and I hate to say - it stinks!I have just below shoulder length curly hair . I generally throw in some gel and let it air dry - I hate spending a lot of time on my hair . But once in a while I straighten it - which involves blow dry with a round brush , and then using a ceramic flatiron to finish . I am not very good with a hair dryer , and it takes me a long time and I find it awkward managing the brush and the dryer , and I do n't do a very good job . Plus then I need to use the iron too , and it takes me a good 30-45 min total.So I thought this product would be great . All in one ! A time-saver ! Easier to use!Well , I was wrong.First of all , it took about twice as long just to dry my hair as it would with my hairdryer . It 's not very powerful . Next , it was barely straight ! Even on the `` 4 '' setting , there was n't much tension at all . It left my hair puffy and frizzy and barely straight . So after an hour , I had hair that was not as straight as if I had just dried it alone - and I still needed to use the flatiron.Don ' t be fooled . It will NOT give you the flat sleek hair that they picture on the box.I just hope I can return it.Guess I will stick with my CHI iron for now.I * might * try the `` long hair '' version of this dryer to see if that 's any better .
 When i used this all it did was smooth out my hair and added flips at the ends . It does not make you hair bone straight . As soon as you go outside your hair is puffy again . It does the same thing as my old $ 20 styler did . I guess using this to dry your hair and then use something else to straighten it would work . But why should i have to buy a second straighter when this thing suppose to do it for you . I also think the model on this box actually has naturally straight hair that is why it is so straight and smooth . Luckily i took it back and got a complete refund . I guess i will stick with my old straightner .
 Really only works with tension which is not possible at the ends of your hair . I would return it if I could . Very expensive for what you get .
 it really hard to use this product unless you are an stailist . Also it take time to straighten the hair and at the end is frizzy . I 'm very dissapointed and it was a waste of money .
 I have very fine curly hair and rushed out to buy this product hoping it would be the end of broken hair resulting from when I use a flat iron . IT BROKE AFTER ONE USE . Does not straighten hair , just dries it a little less curly . It also took a long time . Upon trying to use it a second time , it started making a strange noise and had smoke coming from it.I would n't waste your time - do n't buy . Or if you 've bought , keep the box and registration and RETURN . I am seriously disappointed in the quality of this product from Conair .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR ALMOST 40 BUCKS , IT WORKED FINE FIRST . AFTER FOUR MONTHS IT DIED ON ME , DO I TRASHED IT . IT WAS GOOD FOR THE TIME BEING . I GAVE IT LESS STARS FOR THE LACK OF LIFE . I DID NOT USE IT EVERY DAY . I HAVE REALLY LONG THICK CURLY HAIR AND IT WAS EASY AND QUICK TO USE , INSTEAD OF USING MY IRON ON THE IRONING BOARD . EVEN THAT REALLY WORKS ON STEAM SETTING AND MY HAIR STRAIGHTENS MUCH FASTER THE ROOTS WOULD STAY CURLY WITHOUT A HAIR APPLIANCE.I WOULD ONLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT FOR A SHORT TERM SOLUTION OR A TWENTY DOLLAR BLOW DRYER WITH A COMB WILL LAST YOU MUCH LONGER AND YOU CAN GET THE COMB AS A REPLACEMENT IN BEAUTY STORES ...
 it works ok and that 's really all i can say , i just was n't impressed . i already have straight hair and i thought this would help eliminate using a straightener , i just like having that shine and sleeker look , well it did n't really do anything a regular blow dryer would n't do . i do n't recommend you waste your money .
 I found this product at Target for around $ 50 . I was so excited to buy it after seeing the commercial ! I thought it was going to the answer to all my hair problems ! Well , sorry ... . nope . I 'm not saying it was awful ... but it took me a LOT longer than my usual routine which is quickly blow drying my hair and then going over it with a big-barrel curling iron . So it took longer , and my hair was n't that smooth . Then I went outside and it immediately got wavy and frizzy . LUCKILY , I had asked the lady at Target when I bought it if I could return it if I did n't like it , and she said I could . So , back to the store it goes tomorrow !
 I bought this hotbrush with the hopes that it would shorten the time it takes to dry my hair straight . Well it does do that but you are left with a frizzy mess if your hair is naturally curly . The results are like using your hairdryer with a wide toothed comb and you still have to use your flat iron to smooth and straighten it out . All in all this product is definately not worth the money . Keep your blow dryer and round brush and save yourself $ 50 .
 I owned this for less than 2 weeks when it stopped working and began to smell like it was burning . I returned it for a refund .
 I bought this product in January . Used it 3.25 times . On the fourth use it died ! While my hair did look good , it is frustrating now to figure out how to return it .
 I purchased this hot air styler in hopes that it would dry my damp hair without damaging it ! I now a lot about hair and haircare and I know that I should n't have had that much hair on my floor after using this thing . It dried my 60 % air dried hair well and I liked the silky feel of my hair , it seems to seal the cuticles well . It does n't get very hot but it gets hot enough to get the job done . But those teeth ripped my hair out ! I 'm taking it back . It 's too damaging and I 've put too much into taking care of my hair to allow this appliance to be my downfall ! I have thick relaxed AA hair . Those teeth just are n't good for my hair !
 This product was so awful , I returned it - something I RARELY do . It did n't dry or straighten well . My dryer and round brush were far superior to using this . I do n't recommend this product .
 Firstly , the box gave no indication that it was actually a dryer and basically the hot air -LRB- that was n't even hot -RRB- heats the straightening gadget -LRB- which did a crappy job of straightening -RRB- . I started on one section of my well towel dried hair and then kept working on it , and kept working on it , and kept working on it ... it was barely drying my hair ! The top part was pretty straight , but the bottom half of my shoulder length hair was sort of waved . Ugh , just a piece of complete junk ! I dried my hair a little better with my blowdryer thinking maybe it was just too wet for the thing to handle , but nope , even on slightly damp hair it sucked . My hair is not even all that wavy ; I just like the look of shiny , stick-straight hair . I feel sorry for anyone with curly hair and tries to use this . I am taking it back and getting a real straightening iron .
 This hair dryer claims to style , smooth and streighten . Do n't count on it . I have medium lenghth fine hair and I wish I never bought it . However , it might work on longer hair ? Not a high probability . Forget this product and empty promises .
 This seemed to work fine , but within a few minutes of using it the higher speed setting broke . High speed and low speed are the same now , it does n't go higher . Not sure how the rest of it will hold up , but I 'll use it for now .
 I really wanted this to work , but my fine hair was blown off the brush . My hair continued to be wavy and frizzy after use . It 's going back .
 The dryer worked fine but I only use a hair dryer occasionally so I 'd only used it twice in 6 weeks . When I went to use it the third time , it was deader than a doornail . No power . I guess the stress of sitting in the cabinet for a few weeks was too much for it . Too late to return it . I 've seen other reviews with a similar problem so it seems they have some quality control issues to work out and if you buy one , it 's the luck of the draw if you get a ` good ' one or not . I 'm generally very pleased with my purchases through Amazon ... but this one was a dud .
 I bought this product thinking it was the perfect answer for my shoulder length slightly wavy fine hair , to give me a sleek styled look . Wrong ! I tried numerous times to use this `` styler '' and found it awkward and useless at best . At worst , I felt like I was damaging my hair ! I even took it to my hair stylist to see if there was some technique I needed to use for better results . She was baffled by the poor design of this product as well . My advice ? Do n't waste your money .
 Do n't waste your $ $ . Nothing that the ads claim about this thing worked for me . It simply does not make your hair look even close to as smooth and pretty as the infomercial , nor is it easy to use as they show it . An overpriced piece of junk , and a total disappointment !
 This worked great until it suddenly started blowing less air and a burning smell came from it and really irritated my lungs for a few minutes . I have never had lung problems . I bought a second one and the same thing happened .
 I was really hoping for a dryer that would get rid of some of the frizz and curls I started getting when I turned 30 - an unexpected and unwelcome byproduct of aging . This seemed perfect , but the dryer is so weak , it takes forever to dry my hair and virtually no straightening effect . After using it , I still have to straighten my hair with a flat iron . So I 've gone back to drying my hair with a regular dryer -LRB- more power and therefore faster -RRB- and using the flat iron . I guess I should have known it sounded too good to be true .
 The Connair * Infinity Pro Hot air brush did not work for me at all.Worst yet this merchant - D -LSB- ... -RSB- - would not let me return it.The merchant had not stated that the product was not returnable.This brush would not work at all for curly hair .
 I have very thick , curly hair and this just did n't do anything for me . The brush was definitely not strong enough to get through my hair .
 It doesnt do anything to my hair but take an hour to dry it and make it frizzy . Doesnt do what it says it does . it makes it very poofy & frizzy .
 Not happy with the product . It made my hair split and it lasted only 6 months .
 I have extra long wavy thick hair . I 've always wanted to be able to straighten my hair on my own without having someone else 's help or going to a salon . This does dry my hair , but it does n't make it straight , it always makes my hair frizzier and more dull . I would not recommend this product .
 This product was a completely disappointing i hate it . it does nothing it says it does . It does nothing for my hair , it does not straighten it , it leaves it looking dull and wavy .
 I ordered it , thinking it was something else , and then when it arrived , I was intrigued and had to try it . Okay , it will straighten but not certain the point of it . I ca n't use it to curl the ends and it seems a flat iron would do a better job . I used it once , did n't like it . Tried it the second time to see if I just was n't using it right , and still was n't thrilled . It is now in my dead heap pile of unused hair gadgets .
 Have to admit , I do n't read directions , but I did understand it was a HAIR DRYER in addition to a straightener and knew what to set the tension knob on . But I ca n't understand why I have just returned my THIRD one and this time did n't ask for a replacement . I was too scared ! The last two times , the blower on the hair dryer just quit and I saw an ominous glow inside the appliance ... right before it FRIED itself and a little puff of smoke came out !! I have to be doing something wrong , but what?Anyway before that happened THREE TIMES , I had been enjoying the results -- I really only bought it to tame the frizziness on top of my head , but I did like that my hair was straighter and shinier , too . My hair is quite thick and a bit below shoulder-length . However , I ca n't risk buying another one because I 'm afraid it 'll catch my hair on fire or something .
 This dryer is not meant for ethnic hair . My hair does n't get any straighter than it did using a regular blow dryer and brush . I would n't recommend it for women of color .
 I bought this drying straightener and was just thrilled with the way it worked , the first time . The second time I went to turn it on , it started smoking and died.Not worth fifty bucks !!!
 My dealings with Nicholas at Foward Motion has been more than exceptional . The item purchase was not exactly what I imagined , but Nicholas worked with me in finding a product that met my needs . I commend his services and patience in working to resolve the needs of a customer.Respecfully , Yolanda
 Worthless piece of plastic . Do n't bother . I 'd return if it were worth the effort .
 This product is n't any better than the 10 year old curling brush I have under my bathroom sink . The kind girls used to feather their hair . It 's a hairbrush that blows hot hair . Not at all what I thought it was going to be . You are better off going to the drugstore and getting a hot air styler , some with changeable brushes for 10 to 15 dollars .
 Our 13 year old daughter begged my wife and I to get this Infiniti BC173 Tourmaline Ceramic Straightening Hot Air Styler for her as a Christmas gift . We hesitated to spend $ 50 on this unit , without knowing if it would live up to its claims , but we gave in and bought it for her anyway . She squealed with excitement when she opened her gift . She could n't wait to break it out of its box and try it right away . After taking a shower she decided to give it a try . She fought with this device for almost 30 minutes before giving up . The unit would n't grip her hair well enough and it just did n't dry her dair much at all . I told her that I had read several reviews that indicated a learning curve before getting the wanted results from this hot air styler . After ner next shower she dryed her dair most of the way with a hair dryer . She then tried the Conair Infiniti BC173 again , but the end results were nearly the same . She noticed that this air styler seemed to add a mild frizziness to her hair , even though the unit is supposed to prevent frizzy hair.Our daughter has used this product again and again , over the past several weeks , and she has determined that the unit is just not for her . She ended up spending some Christmas money on a good hair dryer and a cheap hair straightener . She now gets the desired results , and this Conair Infiniti BC173 is just sitting , unused , in a bathroom drawer . She says that she will still try it again , in the future , but overall it looks as though we have wasted our money on this fairly expensive product . My wife has tried it as well , as seems to be slightly better results , but still this model is certainly not worth the inflated price tag.The biggest problem seems to be that the hair is not held tight enough against the ceramic elements . The dryer feature just does n't do much drying , and the lack of proper hair tension allows the hair to become slightly frizzy , and just does n't straighten well at all . I think this product is a great idea , and the BC173 certainly feels well built and looks very cute . However , the usefulness of this tool is questionable , and my wife and I are not too happy about spending $ 50 for something that will likely remain in a drawer over the months and years to come . Because of these dissapointing results , I would not recommend this product to anyone . If Conair can improve on the design , adding more tension in holding the hair in place against the ceramic elements , I think they will have a real winner . I hope it works better for other consumers , but my wife and daugher have nothing but dissapointment in this ceramic wet/dry straightening air styler . We learned a valuable -LRB- but rather expensive -RRB- lesson . Think seriously before buying this product . It may work wonderfully for some but seems to be a real letdown for others .
 I have frizzy hair and use a straightener . When I read about this product , I thought it sounded like what I had waiting for all my life!It made my hair drab and flat . I will go back to my former styling method .
 I do n't know if I got a defective unit or if they are all this way . But assuming they are all this way , they are completely unsafe . I bought mine on a Friday , used it on Saturday , and returned it on Monday . I am not joking , I am seriously suprised that it did n't set my hair on fire . My single setting flat iron does n't even make my hair that hot . Have you ever taken a pair of jeans out of the dryer and have the metal button burn you ? Yep , that 's what it did to my hair . I ran my fingers through my hair after passing the hot air styler through it and burned my fingers . I changed it to the low setting but with the same scorching results . On top of that , the low power 700 watt motor ensures that you have to torture your hair with this temperature about 10 minutes longer than you would with a normal higher powered 1600 watt hair dryer . The end result was some seriously frizzed out hair with enough static buildup to jump start a car that required a double dose of glossing wax to tame and that 's even after using a frizz control and silk drops in my wet hair . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this thing . Save your time , money , and hair .
 My hair is both thin -LRB- thanks to a thyroid problem -RRB- and very fine -LRB- since birth -RRB- , and the blower is so powerful I ca n't keep the hair in the teeth to style it . For someone with somewhat coarser and/or thicker hair it might be fine , but for me it just does n't work .
 Sadly , I had high hopes for this little wonder , but it did n't deliver . It is difficult to maneuver and not powerful enough to blow out my short flippy style .
 I puchased this product and was not happy with it at all!It is very sturdy and all that but after awhile using it - the handle is too heavy - which tends to put a strain on your wrist - i have long hair , straight hair and feel it for those who have this product and have curly , long hair - take it from me - if you insist of purchasing this product - get a wrist guard - cause after awhile you will feel the ` burn ' . Hope this helps ... I can surely say - i wasted my $ $ $ $ P.S. i would like to add - it last only 1 yr - used only 7 times out of that one year . .
 This item is the INFINITY DRYER / STRAIGHTENER BC173 Conair for hair.I have not had one disappointing issue with Amazon products . Unfortunately I ordered this item only three weeks before the second one . The first one burned up very quickly . I expect the second one to be better .
 I did n't find anything any better about this than the Chi Mini Flat Iron that I already have.I followed all the directions and I could n't style my short , somewhat wavy hair with it . Probably works best on medium to long hair , something the info for this failed to include .
 My wife purchased this product for her use . This product worked well and she was happy with it until ... she rec 'd a shock to her little finger while drying damp hair to discover 4 months later , she has permanent nerve damage to this finger . ouch !! She has not used it since being shocked .
 Just received it , plugged it in after watching DVD and reading instructions but it would not go on ; tried reset button etc. with no luck . Will have to send it back . I have purchased other Conair products over the years but this was a big disappointmnet because I did n't get a chance to use it .
 I purchased this perfume supposed to be shipped by Fragrance Alley ... they shipped another Annick Goutal perfume called &#34; Passion &#34; not the same fragrance at all ... when I told them they made a mistake would they please send me &#34; Gardenia Passion &#34; they replied they could not get this one at all ! so they had DELIBERATELY shipped the wrong thing hoping I did not know better ! It took them I month to send the return label and I am still not credited ! I 'll never order through them again !
 Hi , this is a bad product in my opinion . The best way to do this is to use a glycolic acid product like Glytone 29.5 % Ultra Heel and Elbow Cream . This will remove the unwanted dead callused skin much easier and with a better result . Just need to use some care with it 's use like everything else but it does a great job much easier .
 I am guessing this would work perfectly with heavily chlorinated water , such as city water because it definitely did NOT help filter any of the sulfur smell from my well water . It also did not filter any of the iron oxides because after a month the white color where the water comes out is now orange . Also immediately after I put it in the silver holder where the actual shower head fits in broke , it 's plastic which seems stupid considering it is a hand held shower head which would cause you to remove it multiple times through out it 's shower head life ... would n't you want that material to be durable ???? Not a good buy for me , I was very displeased with this item , if your product states it would help with sulfur and iron then you better make sure thats what it does ...
 This filter might have good filters , but after using the first week , it felt 5 times on to my head , and my legs.The handle holder design is horrible . After one week it broke because it made out of plastic !!!! Is this a joke or what ? Do I need to use a ducted tape to keep the handle up?Returning this ASAP .
 Length :
 I am a gentle user , so I do n't know why this product broke . I wish I could send it back , but it is probably too late .
 Unfortunately , the device allowing the handheld shower rotation broke -LRB- it was made of plastic instead of metal -RRB- , after just a month and half of use . In the meantime , I am ordering a new one because I like the shower 's features . Hopefully the second one will be sturdier .
 I had no problem with this item while using it . The white plastic that the filter is made of is very weak . As I was unscrewing the hose from the plastic wand , the bottom screw part wore down and now the hose will not stay attached . Be careful when screwing/unscrewing because the plastic wears down very easily . The product becomes defective afterwards .
 I love this shower head ! My skin and hair feel better , and I am less itchy and dry . No chlorine smell anymore . The problem is that after the one year warranty expires the plastic parts crack / break off so that you may no longer be able to use it . It is very cheaply made . Three separate pieces have already broken in less than 18 months .
 I bought this from a vendor posted on amazon.com and tried the April Shower APHH handheld shower head ... not so good.Pros
 I did n't care for this product at all . I found that it dried out my hair and was also very sticky . I will not purchase again ...
 the address which was delivered my product was not specified and I need to know how it will solve the asusuto I wonder if I still have the product since it was deducted from my card
 THIS COMPANY WILL RIP YOU OFF . THEY SHIPPED THE WRONG ITEM AND REFUSED TO CORRECT THE MISTAKE UNTIL WE RETURNED THE ITEM BACK . THEY STATED THAT THEY WOULD RE-FUND THE $ 9.40 POSTAGE AND THEY DID NOT . THEY SAID THAT THE WERE GOING TO SEND US A $ 5 . OO GIFT CARD AND THEY DID NOT . THEY HAVE NOT RESPONDED TO ANY E-MAILS OR PHONE CALLS . AVOID THEM LIKE THE PLAUGE .
 i ordered a 3.4 oz but i got a 1oz ... . i will never order anything on amazon if its not sold by amazonWINGS by Giorgio Beverly Hills - After Shave 3.4 oz - Men
 Ordered this set for my grandma , it showed up 3 days before christmas and the main perfume bottle was cracked and had leaked every where.Wouldnt recommend buying from the seller , should have just went to jcpenny in the first place .
 I love the powder so I ordered the set . The lotion is so strong . After washing my hands a few times you can still smell it . The perfume is way too strong . I do not like it . Still love the powder !!!!
 This product was purchased as a gift , and it was definitely a value for the money .
 This is not pink or rose it is bright dark orange as other review states . I ca n't use this The graphics do not match the actual product either . I think it may be a mismarked batch .
 I thought it would be a strong red color but its super bright orangey red . I use it as a stain . I would not purchase it again .
 I had high hopes for my once-broken and now crooked toe when I ordered this toe straightener , but when I put it on and tried on an ordinary shoe , my foot was VERY uncomfortable ! I am returning it .
 I must be allergic to something they put in most flowery perfumes , and this lotion is worse than many of those . My mom puts it on and instantly my nose begins to burn . Then the sinus-like headache comes on . So , for anyone with sensitivity to flowery perfume , this in NOT the lotion for you . My mother , however , says it smells nice , and rather likes it .
 Dear all , I received this Ultraviolet Man Liquid Metal Summer by Paco Rabanne and I was very disappointed . It is a fake product . The bar code was replaced by another one . Someone cut out the original barcode . I used it and after 30 minutes I could not smell the perfume anymore . Terrible product I want my money back .
 I 've been a fan of Benefit 's Babe Cakes for many years , and now that Babe Cakes has been discontinued I am on a search for the perfect cake eyeliner . This cake eyeliner is not up to par . When applied with a damp liner brush , it just soaks into the cake and does not stay on the brush bristles at all . With Babe Cakes there was much more control . When I finally do get the color on my eyes , it 's barely there - I have to do it multiple times to get a little bit of color . I would not buy this again .
 I have good skin for a 50 + woman . I used to have a European give me regular facials and microderm abrasion treatments . The one product that she used that I purchased and was never without was this . It calms the skin . I used it right after washing my face or coming out of the shower . It smells wonderful , but more importantly is a great protector . It is good on my skin -LRB- which is quite sensitive -RRB- under other products and I think it cleared up rosacea.The bad news is , the company I ordered it from via Amazon sent a completely different product . It was a hassle to package it back up and send it back and I have yet to receive the -LRB- rather pricey -RRB- Rose D'Orient that I ordered . I guess I do n't trust ordering things that do n't come directly from Amazon any more .
 It is not the same one as in the picture so dont be fooled . Was excited only to be so disappointed . It seems like it has a different formulation and it definitely has a different packaging so we ended up wasting our money . .
 This product does n't refine facial lines ; instead , it dries my skin . Do n't like it ; would n't buy it again . But , see what other reviewers have to say .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000BPL0XA My Lines Are Concealed -RSB- THIS STUFF DID NOTHING FOR MY SKIN !! I 'M 55 & I COULD TELL NO DIFFERENCE -LRB- NONE -RRB- THESE WOMEN THAT USED THIS & HAD GOOD REVIEWS MUST BE LIKE 20 YEARS OLD & PROBABLY DO N'T HAVE ANY REAL PROBLEMS WITH THEIR SKIN , SUCH AS WRINKLES YET , BELIEVE ME I WISH IT WOULD WORK , THIS IS JUST ANOTHER ITEM THROWN IN MY DRAWER , A WASTE OF MONEY !! -LRB- My Lines Are Consealed Face Lift for A Day -RRB- HOW ABOUT RENAMING IT FACE LIFT FOR A SECOND -RRB- -LRB- IF THAT LONG -RRB-
 You should be ashamed selling this crapola.I will never buy from this vendor again . I have purchasedplenty of fragrances from Amazon and ebay . This producthas been tampered with , I can literally see that thebottle was opened because there are little pry marks on the bottom.The scent literally wears off by the time you get out the door.Amazon should give you the boot !
 I had a small amount of cologne left in a bottle of Emporio Armani which I purchased at Macy 's a while back . I compared the smell of the Macy 's bottle and the one I received from Amazon . The bottle from Amazon is not nearly as strong as the bottle purchased at Macy 's . I 'm wondering if I received a counterfeited bottle . Wo n't be purchasing this bottle again from Amazon .
 I 've bought this cologne before and really liked it , but the most recent sample I bought from the Perfume Emporium smelled like some cheap no name brand . I do n't no if my sample was an old bottle that was past it 's shelf life or it was watered down , it may have been in the right container but it was n't the same cologne .
 I would say this is a safe smell , enjoyable , clean and not overwhelming . I found it generic , many other fragances smell alike . In my opinion projection is low , as well as duration . I get 4-5 hours on my skin . Good for work I would say , unoffensive.The bottle is poorly made , the sprayer started failing and the liquid started to leak . I had to change the bottle in less than a week . Since the bottle has this strange design it 's not possible to know where the failure is .
 I have been looking all over for this product . I was a little disappointed on paying so much for so little .
 I read a lot of negative reviews about the purchase of high end , expensive perfumes at Amazon Website ; however , since this one was being sold by amazon.com itself , I decided to take a risk . I am extremely disappointed with this purchase . The fragrance is so subtle that even a person standing one foot away can not appreciate it ------------ and that is immediately after putting it on ! Complete waste of money .
 While it 's cool to have Donal Trump cologne in your bathroom for people to see , do n't wear it because it sucks . Kinda smells like Windex with a little Pine Sol added . But hey , that 's not why you bought it really .
 I could not find a forum for which to review Igora 's Color Creme hair dye , so this forum will have to do . I am a man who decided to use a woman 's hair color creme because there was simply no hair color creme for men that did not contain harmful chemicals . So I looked in THE SAFE SHOPPER 'S BIBLE under hair care color dyes for women , which recommended Igora Botanica as safe . I purchased it and was sent a slim tube of creme . I saw some immediate problems . First , the box came with a warning that only qualified hair care professionals could use it without negating the product 's safety warranty -LRB- whatever that warranty may be . The tube did not say -RRB- . Then , the instructions told me to call for comments or questions -- and then did not provide a phone number . I had to look in the SAFE SHOPPER 'S BIBLE for the needed number . Third , when I called I got a recorded voice telling me to leave my name and number and somebody would get back to me . I am still waiting . Next , the tube did not list the ingredients so I do not know whether it contains harmful substances . Then , the instructions tell me that I must mix the color cream with another creme called Oxigenta , which was not included . Finally , the instructions for mixing the Igora with the Oxigenta were quite confusing . If this product by Igora is typical of the entire Igora line , DO NOT BUY IGORA .
 The hairdryer is okay , ... what made this disappointing was the diffuser/volumizer attachment . That was really the only reason why i bought this hairdryer . The attachment did n't really fit on the hairdryer and fell off when I used it . I am not even sure why the description says diffuser/volumizer because on the box it just says diffuser . I returned it as soon as i got it .
 This product stopped working completely within 4 months of owning it . I do n't even dry my hair every day . I use a hair dryer an average of 3-4 days a week and dry my hair for about 5 minutes . The heat settings did n't seem to work -- the temperature setting was not consistent at all . And , most importantly , this completely stopped working after less than 4 months . I would definitely go with something else !
 The andis company is very good for hairdryers , yes they tend to have a heavy motor , but thats because they last a long time.This hairdryer was cheap for a reason , I found out after i bought it , the cord is VERY SHORT . I would not recommend it for anyone who needs to move around to a different room to blow dry their hairThe blow dryer was okay for people with straight hair , not curly .
 So i was really excited when i got this because all the reviews were positive But when i tried it on it didnt really cover my my undereye circles , it made them more noticable because the stick is oily -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- I have already oily skin so it made it worse . I used it twice beacause i thought maybe i just didnt apply it right but it didnt matter it just didnt look natural . I probably wont use it again but its just my skin that didnt work with it maybe it does for other people but not me . ill probabaly go back to the Mary Kay concealer which works muchbetter on me and actually blends in with myskin tone .
 I bought this concealer because it had so many positive reviews . It does n't do anything that everyone claims it does . I have sun spots or age spots , and even with two coats it still does not conceal them . I had such high hopes for this product and I am so disappointed .
 I got the lightest color and it is still to dark for my skin . . Looks almost orange on my face . I had high hopes for this product , but was highly disappointed instead .
 Dont waste your money i have a purplish scar on my forehead from skin cancer this stuff wipes right off and does not conceal even a pimple ! DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I purchased this product since I was looking to try something to cover my hyperpigmentation . I was already happy with a different product but I was trying to save a few dollars and at the same time give something else a try . I was not happy with the outcome . First of all , the product comes in a `` chapstick '' type of container and size so for my age spots , I have to use quite a lot of product . I used it before I applied my foundation and it just did n't give me the coverage my previous concealer did . I agree with the saying , `` cheaper is n't always better '' and will be going back to my previous concealer .
 They use the same base fragrance in all of these shower/hand gels and it is nasty . I do n't know how other reviewers give it such a high rating . I had to use alchol repeatedly to remove the lingering smell from my hands after trying it . Nothing pleasant about this product . How hard can it be to add a natural lime essence to scent a wash gel ? Camille Beckman uses some kind of artifical scents instead . Yuk .
 This CD includes a guided visualization that is , indeed , quite relaxing . Unfortunately , you get only 1 visualization session that lasts 17 minutes . It is a start , but for the same money you can get a different CD that gives you a full hour 's worth of visualizations and relaxations . The induction phase that relaxes you goes very quickly , and so does the waking up phase . An icy cold waterfall does absolutely nothing to relax me , so when I `` woke up '' from the visualization I was more annoyed than relaxed . I was fairly disappointed with the quality and depth of the content .
 I bought this product to help untangle my hair after I wash it . So far any .99 cent conditioner would do a beter job .
 My wife tried this product and hated it . It smelled terrible , and did not work . Would never buy it again . Way too much money for something that did n't work .
 This Lipstick had very pretty color . It arrived on time BUT after I used it for few days , lipstick broke and now I am not able to use it.Maybe it was old , I am not sure what the problem was . Also , it is listed as 4 or something $ but shipping is huge for this lipstick . I think they charged me almost 17 $ . Very disappointed .
 This product is not great . It is a really small quantity for the price . It does go on your face smoothly and feels silky but it does not really add anything to my face care process . I finished the lotion and moved onto a different one and had no change in how my face feels or looks . I think you can get a better product for less money elsewhere .
 bad bad very bad.It 's not rapid , and it does nothing for acne , it does n't even moisturize . I used it religiously for at least 2 weeks . Nothing . I ended up throwing it away.Don ' t buy any of the rapid clear products from Neutrogena is all I can say .
 No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no ! Does not work . Do not buy . Warning warning danger danger . If you are looking into this thing as an old school styling method forget about it . I tried it and it does nothing you think it will . Vitalis does not work in any way and it smells terrible . Go buy some styling gel instead as this product will not re-create a retro look at all .
 I bought this product because I was informed that it was good for minor skin irritations and lesions . I was looking for a product my son brought back from England many years ago called Shen Yang that had an awful smell . I ca n't find it anymore . It helped control the minor skin infections I get on my back because of a mild immune deficiency . I thought this cream helped b/c it had a mild medicinal smell . A soak in a hyper-salinic salt bath solution for 15 minutes works much better . You make this by pouring table salt , rock salt , kosher salt or ice cream salt into the tub until no more can go into solution . There will be salt grains in the bottom of the tub . You probably need at least 1 & 1/2 lbs . of salt so buy cheap salt in big quantities . A normal thick emollient cream from the drugstore without a medicinal smell worked better to keep the itching down . Also an over the counter steroid cream would work . I was trying to do without the steroid .
 This product smells great and seems to really make your hair soft . I used it only once but I 'm not sure just how well it works just yet . I 'll update in a month or two to share ! What my review is about now is the messiest most dirty shipping I have EVER handled in my history of buying off of Amazon . First of all , I ordered this shampoo on February 19 , and it got to me March 3rd when it said the latest it 'd get to me was February 29h . Secondly , when I received the package I realized it smelled , not bad , but it smelled like soap/shampoo . The bottle EXPLODED in the box , the cap came off of the bottle , and more than HALF of the shampoo is GONE . Not knowing it exploded i opened it and all of the shampoo got on me . I would return it but I do n't have the time or the car to get to the post office and send it back . I 'm extremely disappointed and I 'll never be buying this from here again . From now on , I 'm going to the store or I 'll by from Sally Hansen online .
 I bought this for my daughter to try . Her hair is thin and about 2 '' past her shoulders . while using our regualr shampoo & conditioner , her hair was easily mangeable and looked and felt healthy.AFter using Mane n ' tail , her hair felt thicker , dry , and tangled very easily . Working with her hair after using this shampoo was hard . I took her into the barber shop for a trim & the beautician commented on how dry her hair was . It was not dry before using this shampoo.Skip it ! It 's not worth damaging your hair . We 'll stick to what 's been working for us .
 So if I could give this a zero rating I would . Used once and it instantly matted my hair ! I had to go to the salon to untangle the mess . Threw this junk away immediately and would never recommend or buy again . My hair is fine and not chemically treated . Complete waste of money and very painful as a result !
 iknow i given it 2 stars for now its gon na change soon . My brother who uses it for about 2 months now and oh boy his hair is so thick the residing hairline has gone .
 IGNORE THE RATING.Does anyone know if this product strips color from your hair ? I ordered it , but have n't received or used it , yet . But I plan on getting color soon , so I do n't want to use it if it 's going to strip it .
 Terrible product !! Does n't even deserve one star !! Runs and streaks hours after application . Very embarrassing to have streaks running down your arms and face long after applying this nightmare.AVOID AT ALL COSTS !!!!
 the brow powder its just ok . I just would n't expect this from a product that cost almost $ 30.00 , for me it should cost like $ 6.00 . It does n't stay on for long and if you have dark eyebrows like me you cant even see that is on .
 Totally overpriced product , and do not understand what the hype is all about , even went to the local Sephora store , tried different shades and it seemed to have mad no difference of creating a radiant touch , or luminous glow to my face . Really tried to like this product since many gave it great reviews , but also for the very high price I can do without .
 i do n't like the way this product is dispensed . i push the cap several times and wait ... nothing ... then again and it gushes out -- wasteful . will not use this product again .
 The concealer is good . . looks nice , works well . . however getting the top off it and reclosing it is a huge pain . . hands already slippery , it 's all but impossible to get the top off it . . then you click the opposite end to release the product . . then when you put the top back on , you must be very careful so as not to release more product when you try to snap the top back on . . I like the concealer . . but wo n't buy again because of the container .
 Not sure what the point of the product is . I used an Amazon coupon for the purchase so I am not out much but it seems to do nothing .
 This is a GREAT product -LRB- I 've used it pretty much everyday for the last 8 years and it really diminishes the dark circles under my eyes -RRB- , BUT this product generally retails for $ 40 at Nordstrom and Sephora . At a $ 100 , it 's highway robbery at a 250 % markup . I know I will never be buying anything from BatheandBeauty unless I asked to be mugged on purpose .
 Not great for the price point - likes to get stuck in the fine lines around the eyes - just what we do n't want .
 I 've always been a fan . However , this missed the mark . It arrived quickly and looked like it has in the past . However , upon application it was a very very dry consistency . Perhaps it had been on the shelf for a long time , hence the lower price ??? probably wo n't try it again .
 I have used other Yves St , Laurent Touche Eclat products , but thought I 'd try the peach . I am very disappointed . The color itself was very harsh , and after the second attempt to push the button to get the product released into the brush , it quit working entirely . I assume the product was old , but under any circumstances it was defective . From now on I 'm buying this product in a store where I can return it .
 Do n't bother with this , as it is not the real product . It is not the right texture or color , Go to Nordstrom and pay the $ 40 to get the real thing , or go to a drugstore to get a cheaper product , as you will at least have the ingredients listed .
 I am a die-hard Touche Eclat fan . It is an absolute must-have for me and I 've bought a number of these over the years . Was SO psyched to find it at this reduced price vs. the normal $ 40 + . The shipping of the product was fine -- fairly standard . But the product itself seems off -- almost like it 's old . It feels more like a product at the end of its lifecycle instead of a brand new one . Bummed . Wo n't buy from this seller again .
 The product is listed as Dial for Men - Recharge , but is actually Blue Grit.Recharge is a great soap , but Blue Grit is not . Have no idea why Dial has changed from a great soap to a bad soap.The Blue Grit also comes as 4 oz and not 4.5 oz as shown.Won ' t buy Dial again unless the actual recharge soap is offered .
 Dial For Men Blue Grit bar soap smells like ass . Fortunately , the smell does not seem to cling .
 I 'm glad that it helped someone because the whole product line was a disappointment for me . I should of bought Oil Of Olay like I was going to .
 smells nice , but not worth the price . Especially considering it went up 2 dollars between clicking it and arriving in cart .
 Great product , my sister was so very happy with it.The present is in Costa Rica !!!!!!!!!!!! Your service was also amazing and prompt.Thank you very much
 The product per se is great . Love the fragrance , BUT , I received a SAMPLE -LRB- TESTER item -RRB- . Those are not supposed to be sold . Complained to seller , but ca n't return because I used the product already . That is really bad bussiness for such a great item .
 estoy muy insatisfecho xq nunca recibi este producto , lo enviaron y lo entregaron en la direccion equivocada porque nunca llego a la direccion de destino , favor exigo que me entregen mi producto o me devuelvan el dinero
 amazon should not sell these restricted products to their customers and make them waste time and money seems a mockery and a delusion of amazon and more when they do not accept the return of these products really arrependido to buy and waste my money .
 The product was in bad condition !!! It doesnt smell like a real Swiss Army.I have real doubts about this product !! I think I will never buy again this kind of products by this way !!!! Please send my a REAL Swiss Army or give me back my money
 Product is exactly the same but seller provides one image , which does not represent what it delivers . This fancy cloth black bag does not come together with the perfume!I want my fancy cloth black bag !
 I regret buying it . It is the worst cologne I ever spend money on . It is totally fake and it is not the actual product of Swiss Army . Do n't buy it .
 Just received the scissors today . Paid $ 16.35 . Product price is now $ 10.99 . I do not feel they are worth the money . Seems very cheaply made . Looks and feels like scissors that you would buy in a $ store . They are sharp though and do cut hair . They weigh only .6 oz . Would have been happy at $ 5 but definitely not $ 16.35 . Also bought the thinning sheers and for 53 cents less they are much heavier and feel like a better product .
 The tip of the scissors is too sharp . Even a slight touch on your head will hurt . This is not for a haircut .
 Way too small . Pretty much worthless . And cost too little to return . Look much better in photo , than in real life . A waste of money . Spend the money for decent size . This is a waste .
 I had a pair of Hoffritz shears that were appx . 20 years old and the plastic finger loops were broken and it made using them difficult.I had used them often to clip nose and ear hairs with great ease and comfort . I was in search of a new pair and chose the Tweezerman Spirit 2000 because they look identical . I know they are not made for clipping nose hair but I had hoped they would do a good job and chose to buy this expensive item . For the price they have let me down in that the quality can not manage cutting nose hairs without damaging the nose tissue . As someone who uses buzzer shears to cut my hair short , the Tweezerman is utterly useless for my needs . I wonder if they would even be good for cutting nomal hair .
 I 'm male ,6 foot and 200 pounds and I could n't get my fingers in those tiny openings if my life depended on it . What were they thinking ? I guess they would be Ok if you were a very small person .
 I bought these to cut for 4 year old son 's hair . They are dull and do not cut his hair worth a darn . They pull his hair and do not come close to any of the other reviews I read that rated above a 3 . As my son just said , &#34; I hate this scissors . &#34;
 I originally ordered these based on positive product reviews and received a brand that I had never heard of , so I posted a negative review of the seller . Within minutes of posting the review I was contacted by phone by `` Ross '' , the Supervisor who blamed new employees for sending the `` SWITCH '' pair of no name scissors . He told me that he was going to handle this himself and send out the Tweezermans right away if I would remove the negative review . I said that I would be glad to remove the review when he sent me out the right scissors . He said that I had to remove the negative review first and that I had to `` TRUST him and their reputation '' , so I said I would take it down . Well , no scissors and now no one returns my emails or phone calls ! My gut was right on this one ! I contacted Amazon and will follow up with them to see if this is a legitimate vendor . I am an AMAZON PRIME member and have never had such a negative experience and have spent way too much time on this already and I still do n't have any scissors !!
 I have to say this smells like arse ! I do n't care for products with perfume but this one smells like rotten underwear . Do n't waste your money !
 Awful is just the right word to describe this product . Since I started using this mask my hair has been drier and drier each day and brittle and even hard to the touch . Would never buy this again . I cant even comb my hair after using this product !! Ive never used a product as bad as this one . I only kept using it to see if the changes were gon na happen for better , but it only got worse . Do n't buy this !
 I am so disappointed by this product . It is way too thick for my hair . I do n't feel it conditioned my hair at all . It 's so thick I ca n't get it throughout my hair . I forced myself to go through the whole bottle since I paid so much for it . I will definitely not by this again !
 Recently , I tried a few of Fekkai 's products . Although I think most of them are great , this one was at the very bottom of my list . I gave it two stars just because I LOVE the smell . I received it as a sample and followed the instructions . First , this is not a deep conditioner , is just a mask so do n't expect your hair to detangle and get that `` slip '' effect your accustomed to . It just sticks to your hair . After I rinsed , it did not feel clean -LRB- I wanted so bad to shampoo it again -RRB- but left it on because I was n't going anywhere -LRB- I can spare a bad hair day in my house -RRB- . N-e-ways , after I let it air dry , my hair felt kinda dry and stringy but the weirdest thing happend later during the day , it got glossy -LRB- shiny -RRB- and pretty . I 'll probably try it again -LRB- I still have one sample left but for the price , I would n't buy it . I do n't think the value makes up for the price .
 I wonder if this is really fekkai . It feels like glue in your hair . I ca n't comb it and it feels raw and brittle . I ca n't believe this is Fekkai !! I would not buy this product . I had to use shampoo and conditioner after using this to remove all the residue . Trust me . . this is not a good product !
 I dont understand . Why the Amazon price is more expensive than the La Mer official website . It should be $ 375 for 1.7 fl oz , is n't it ?
 The La Mer Concentrate is great ... but it does n't cost anywhere near this much . Even Neimans sells it for less .
 I purchased the Spa Girl PowerDerm Microdermabrasion System -LRB- P500 -RRB- . I was happy to find a microderm device that was a/c powered -LRB- not battery -RRB- . I used it once when I received it for a simple 10 minute facial and followed the recommended settings ... it worked perfectly . I used it a 2nd time the following week and the # 1 speed stopped working . I tucked it away and forgot about it until recently . I plugged it in and it worked for about 3 seconds and stopped . It had power and I could hear the motor , but the attachment did n't spin . I took it apart and found that one of the three plastic gears was stripped and I also found a kinked wire -LRB- I 'm assuming that was the breakdown point of the # 1 speed -RRB- . I take very good care of my things making sure to follow the recommended settings and stored it carefully -LRB- when I buy something for $ 175 I want it to last -RRB- . Sadly , for such a pricey product that claims to be `` semi-pro '' and `` highest quality '' I 'm shocked . First , that they use plastic easily worn gears , and second , they did n't pay special attention to the delicate wiring when assembling it . When you spend $ 175 for something it should n't need to be `` fixed '' on its 3rd go ` round . Bad show , Spa Girl !
 When using this product it is not like the professional machine used in Spas and doctors offices . It is used to exfoliate and that is all . Do n't be confused with power of the machine . It does not have a plug that gives it the amps needed to remove layers of skin . It will not help in the production of collagen . Crissie
 I wish I could use this lotion , but the smell makes me nauseous . I do n't know what it is ; the smell is just awful . It 's not strong or anything , just has a sickly odor to it ...
 I would like to see if this product really works , but it made my face break out , so I had to quit using it . I may give it another shot in the winter , or try it on my hands .
 I never leave reviews , but this thing is a disaster . Upon opening the outer box , I discovered the inner packaging was open ! The `` lens cleaner solution '' had leaked all over the other materials in the kit and everything was such a mess , I do n't think I can trust to use it on my camera lenses.I would definitely go to the brick and mortar and purchase one so you can see what you are getting . I am not going to take any chances with my expensive material ...
 i think this was old or something ... it looked like the bottle had been used when i got it ... and the packing was all tore up . I just threw it away ... that was $ 20 that could have been better spent
 I normally love this product but not this one and I 'll explain why.Shipping was great I do applaud that but this product is sooooo OLD on the back it has the year it was made and when ever I buy this product in a reatail-store it 's usually 2008 or 2009 but the one I was sent had 1999 on the back CAN YOU BELIVE ! and the normal looking texture for this lotion is very white and creamy and smells okay but the one I was sent by this company was YELLOW & WATERY and smelled bad ... This lotion works great for dissapearing strechted skin when its not older than my brothers ! I messaged them about wanting a new one because the one I received was old and they told me no they would n't send me another with out paying for it , BUT they did say they would refund me if I sended it back but I doubt they would actually would and did n't want to take that hassel for just 20 bucks . . I WILL NEVER BUY THIS LOTION ONLINE ONLY IN STORE WHERE I CAN SEE YEAR IT WAS MADE
 I bought this toilette spray for my man and it was a very special occasion . I waited patiently for it to arrive at my job . It was delivered , I was so excited ! I could n't wait for it to arrive . My man purchased this in Germany and he searched and searched for such a long time to find it . I searched the internet EVERYWHERE for so long . I finally found it ! At Amazon ! When it came , I did n't open the package ... I waited for him to open it . When he did , it was such a dissapointment . I was shipped the wrong item ! The worse thing was , the picture of the spray was the same of the item that he already had gotten in Germany . This is why I bought it for him.Instead of his face lighting up with joy , he was upset . It was supposed to be a surprise and it was not . This was the worse experience with Amazon that I EVER HAD ! I am sending it back . . I am so glad that he did n't spray it . We just smelled the scent of the bottle , it smelled like an older man 's cologne . Not good .
 I love Larenim products
 This hairspray use to be the best . They now have a `` new and improved version '' that is just awful . The spray nozzle is huge and sprays a force field of air filled with sticky wet spray that clings to the top of your hair and holds like a helmet . It is horrible . I do n't know why they changed it . It use to be my favorite and now I will never buy it again . Lol , they even increased the price for this stuff ! Just do n't buy .
 I discourage anyone ordering product from Cosmetic Solutions . I got a can of defective hair spray . Cosmetic Solutions would not respond to me or refund money . Luckily Amazon guarenteed my order and reimbursed me , but Cosmetic Solutions is a hoaz and rip off .
 I 've been using indoor tanning lotions , pretty consistently , for about 10 years and Swedish Beauty has always been my very favorite brand . I 've tried numerous lotions of theirs and Chocolate Indulgence is by far my least favorite . It 's thicker than most and the smell is terrible ! You definitely do n't want to use this unless you can shower right away - in addition to smelling bad , the smell seems to get worse after tanning . I go to an awesome salon and with their beds normally see a difference in my tan the day of my tanning session - not with this lotion . The only use I can see for this product is maybe as a pre-tan moisturizer if your skin is very dry . I have had much better results tanning using lotions without bronzers from SB . My current favorites from SB are Priceless and Bronze Beauty - pretty much the same lotion but Priceless is from their blush line . Both of those work great !!
 This stuff smelled so bad . I think it was old or something , and the bronzer rubbed off all thick and gritty .
 I did n't like this fragrance its very strong and floral . It does last a long time if this is they type of scent you 're into .
 I did n't purchase this color on here , but wanted to say that the color swatch is quite different than the one in the Sally hair supply store I went to . It is MUCH darker in store . In fact , the 10A is also much darker than what you see on the internet , and even Wella 's catalog online -LRB- what are they thinking ? - oh yea - wasting lots of $ $ on their products -RRB- . Unfortunately for me , I had already colored it before going to see it in person . The result is more like a dark ash blonde , or very light ash brown . I started out with a very light golden blonde , and ended up with mousy brown hair . Not happy . A few days later I lifted it with Wella 12C . It still has some gold in it , but I 'm hoping to get that out with an ash toner -LRB- what a pain ! -RRB- . I started out with 9A based on some internet discussions about not recommending going into the 12 's straight off . Do n't believe everything you read on the internet . If your hair is difficult to lighten like mine , do n't be too concerned about using the 12A , etc. . Just DO N'T use a 40 volume developer , and check the color every 5-10 mins .
 This was the wrong choice for me . Great gray coverage but it is darker than expected and made my hair turn brassy . The color is unnatural and I ca n't wait for it to fade away . Maybe I should have mixed a little bit of this one with a natural ash blonde ? as one reviewer suggests . .
 This is the first OPI product I tried and it looks nice on , but you have to put on several coats to make a glossy finish . My nails have high vertical ridges and I wanted to smooth them out . If too many coats of filler are on , the filler chips early on . OPI is supposed to last longer than other polishes , but not the case .
 Received from Amazon Old faded package dark spoiled perfume bad smell as spoiled expiredAmazon promptly issued refund
 This product seems to work slightly , but Proactiv works much better on my face . Perhaps Proactiv does n't work with you , which in that case you might want to try this , but you can get the same size bottles plus a free gift for only $ 20 with Proactiv . I spent $ 30 , got the same size bottles and no free gift .
 This mitt is much to thin to absorb any soap for washing and there is not enough texture for exfoliating . Very dissapointed with the product as I can not use it as was intended .
 Does n't smell bad but not as good as I thought . Think I ordered the wrong Mont Blanc fragrance . Husband uses it though .
 This item does not dry your nail polish as quickly as the package claims . I still had to wait a half an hour to fourty five minutes before they were no longer tacky to the touch and of course they were still wet below the surface for well over an hour and a half to two hours . Spent money to be in the same boat as I was before . Girls Save your money . Buy a fan you 'll have better luck !
 Honestly I dont think this product works . I followed instructions carefully and it did not work . My manicure was not fully dry at all .
 I 've used this 3 times . Two tufts of bristles fell out already and the wood cracked down one side . Too bad , because the firmness was perfect for me . It is going back .
 Bought this because I thought it was compact enough to take on travels . The brissels are so rough , you could scour a pan with it . After a little bit of time just in the shower , the brissels began to fall out .
 I expected a brush I could use for dry facial brushing . Despite washing it several times , the bristols are so stiff , it is still harder than my body brush -LRB- which I would use on my face if I wanted hard bristols ! -RRB- This would make a good brush for shoe polishing , which is what I think I 'm going to do with it since it 's useless as a facial brush .
 Love this scent , first became acquainted with it after staying at the Ritz Carlton . I think that the quality of this &#34; parfumee &#34; is low , I have body mists from Bath & Body Works -LRB- $ 12 -RRB- that last longer than this fragrance .
 It is not gentle at all . It hurts wheneven it touches my face . I do not think this should be used on our face , too rough !! I contacted the seller , and the sellers said that he would refund me . But I never received the refund . I have all the mails between seller and me as record . BAD PRODUCT , BAD SELLER !
 I ordered it over the internet , hence had no chance of trying it first . It reminded me of a smell that I am familiar with-after too much ponderning it came to me ! it really smells like baby Johnson 's splash - on baby fragrance !!! . And honestly the baby fragrance is better thasn this one .
 My sister and I used to wear this perfume when we were teenagers and either both of us have changed or the formulation has changed because it is now unpleasant and gives us each a headache . I remembered an earthy flowery fragrance and now it smells like musky perfumy leather to me .
 I purchased this to my wife as a gift . I have bought Anais-Anais so many times over the past twenty years . It has , or used to have , a soft Jasmin-like smell . What I received was a 3.4 oz bottle of Alcohol . Yes , nothing but ugly-smelling alcohol -LRB- like in a Hospital room -RRB- . The box did not even look like the luxury-looking box I am used to . Instead , it looked as if was printed on very cheap recycled paper . Not what you expect when you buy an expensive perfume . I could live with the ugly box , but not the ugly smell.I immediately called Amazon , and here is where they deserve 5 stars . The customer service representative immediately apologized for my dissatisfaction with the product and processed a full refund . I love Amazon and will continue to buy from them with full confidence thatI , either get a quality product , or pay nothing . Long Live Amazon .
 I ordered the cellex-C betaplex facial firming water on December 30th 2009 from THE CURE SHOP and to date I still have n't received it . The estimated delivery date given was Jan7-Jan 25th 2010 . In addition to this I sent a note to this seller requestig some insight and they have not made contact.I have used this product for years and it does exactly what it claims , just a shame I never received it : -LRB-
 I was very disappointed with this purchase . Although I love the product , upon receipt , the container was discolored which told me that it was old , or had been sitting out in the sun or on a shelf for a long period . Not to disappointment me , the lotion was not a good quality product -LRB- watery & not very fraqrant -RRB- . Perhaps it would be worth it to spend the extra money at Macy 's or other retail stores . At least you could return it without the hassle of packing it up and going to the post office and mailing it back in hopes you 'd get reimbursed most of the cost.This was one of a few products that I was not satisfied with , but did not return because it was not worth the hassle . Buyer beware !
 Smells great ... does n't last that long . Thought it was me , asked others ... they all agreed . We could n't smell anything after a couple of hours . What a waste of money .
 The item was being sold for $ 8.99 , which I thought was too good to be true . Apparently it was . I received an email that said that the product was damaged and unable to be shipped . Why they could n't just send me another one from their inventory , I have no clue . I even went back to the merchant 's site and this product was still being sold ... but for nearly $ 50 ! I do n't know if the $ 8.99 listed as the price was an error on their part , but what a lame excuse not to sell it to me . A little bit of honesty would have been more appreciated .
 This is not the first time that I buy shiseido 's product . I like the suncream . so I begin to trust the white lucent brightening moisturizing . I used the whole bottle already , but I am no going to buy more .
 Well it started off well . Really liked the product and then 3 months into using it the high heat just does n't work ! The lower settings work but the high heat and high blow speed just does n't work . Useless at this point . So off to spend $ $ on something else .
 I would think that a product such as this which &#34; retails &#34; around $ 38 and is &#34; on sale &#34; for around $ 19 , it would be reasonable to believe that a spray that is $ 4.87 / count is a &#34; count &#34; referring to a bottle of the product . So it was very upsetting to get the package to find out it is $ 4,87 per OUNCE . Unless this advertisement is changed to clearly indicate it is a price per ounce , I can only assume it is an intentional misleading . Although the product itself is very good , I do n't think it is worth $ 4.87 per ounce , but that 's just my opinion . Maybe for others , they see that it is worth that much .
 I bought it for my underarm and feet persepiration . However , it just smells like a spice and does not help at all . Besides , it burns my armpits and skin turns bright red . It really hurts first 5-7 minutes . Still looking for a good antiperspirant product -LRB- -LRB-
 When I first came across this item I was happy to find a hair cutting kit with a quality name and at a affordable price but that 's where my excitement stopped . . Upon receiving and trying the kit I was very disappointed . First the combs I received were so thin and bendable that you could barely get them thru the hair so I had to use my older yet stronger combs . . Next the clipper comes with a sliding thumb-operated switch that allows you adjust the combs to the proper cutting height however in my case it just moved on its own while cutting hair . Lastly the cut hair became clogged at the bottom of the clipper comb and that made it difficult to cut . Everybody has to make their own choice when buying these kits so maybe someone else will have a better experience then I had , but I could not recommend this one . So I sent it back . .
 I bought the clipper because it had two features most important to me
 I purchased this item because of the trustworthy name and cordless feature . The positive reviews here are from first impressions . However , I have had this clipper close to a year but with probably less then 5 hours use . When I first received it , it felt very light and cheaply made . I gave it the benifit of the doubt and hoped for the best . Last time it worked , the motor slowed down to almost a halt . I keep it cleaned and oiled . The motor is just too cheap . Im not sure what the company Wahl was thinking when they made this product . They should really consider discontinueing this model because it is hurting their image . I would not even attempt to use my warranty because it 's not defected parts . It 's a total LEMON . It would be nice if they will let me exchange it for a different model or full refund . I would even pay the difference.I do not recommend this product .
 I bought these clippers for cutting hair at home . Even when fully charged they offer very little power and tend to bog down when clipping only mildly thick hair . The charge does n't last through one haircut.The trimmer blades come off when you try to advance them with the thumb slider to adjust the length of hair being cut , and they do n't trim evenly . I finally gave up on the trimmer attachment and went with just the trimmer blade over a comb.I would n't recommend this product to anyone . I was extremely disappointed in it .
 The adjustable slider combs are horrible and I found the Conair where you had several combs to choose from worked better for me . I can not get it to cut the hair on my husband who likes it very short , it would not even take any hair off . All it did was waste money and electricity to charge the battery . I thought this was the best brand out there , but Conair beats them by a mile . I think I will take it back and get a refund and go buy a Conair with the money .
 This was the worst hair clipper I have ever used . It did n't cut hair at all , but just combed through it . The blades worked intermittantly , seemed to work about 1 % of the time I was attempting to give the haircut , however it was mostly like combing through the hair without cutting anything . It sounded like the blades were turning off and on , whether plugged in or charged . I think this was a defective unit , I returned it for a refund but seller would not return delivery and return shipping which amounted to almost as much as the unit itself . Ultimately , I was dispppointed not only in the product but the service as well , and am not sure I will order from Amazon again .
 I gave this item as a gift . So I was disappointed when after only a few months of use , it was broken . I 'm not sure what happened , but my haircutter has lasted for years .
 Disclaimer
 Not a very powerful motor , feels very light and flimzy ... Fine for trimming sideburns . For $ 16.99 you get what you pay for . Not too many other cordless options out there for this price .
 I 've been very disappointed with this since we got it . Even with the unit fully charged & operating with the cord plugged in , it struggles to keep up with normal hair cutting . It takes multiple passes to cut , what would have taken our last trimmer , a Norelco plug in model that lasted 8 years , one pass.Build quality
 I 've used Wahl corded clippers to cut my hair for the last 15 years or so , the same set ! I really wanted these clippers to be a good replacement , but the quality is abysmal . They may look decent in the picture , but they are very cheap plastic , extremely weak motor -LRB- even when plugged in -RRB- , these just do n't work very well on hair , they get constantly bogged down/loaded up even when plugged in , & they also get clogged , for some reason they wo n't release the hair , it just piles up in the blade ... perhaps as a cheap beard trimmer they might suffice , but I did n't find them acceptable at any price , so I had to send them back . I am surprised Wahl is willing to put it 's name on these .
 First impression
 Bought this at Canadian Tire . Wahl used to be a name to trust . not anymore . i do n't know how the makers of this thing sleep at night . If you had a contest to try to build the crappiest clipper this would win . even the case is crap . i 've had it maybe 9 months and its dying already . wo n't hold a charge and will hardly work when plugged in . the cut was always bad . i could get closer with a pair of children 's scissors . if i could rate this a negative 5 stars i would . This is not good value at any price . Run away from this clipper - there are no redeeming features . wait i take that back - the little tube of oil and the packing foam work just fine .
 I also love the scent of this fine German bath oil BUT mine was shipped by being put into a bubble wrap/paper mailer . It is a miracle that the glass bottle was not broken . Is that the best that could be done ? Very poor ...
 i have many of her products this on just made me sick when using it . and i was n't like straight up eating it . its just not the best . but the delicious kissable now that i give 5 stars ! and so does my BF !
 This product is still in USA , it ca n't fly outside for safety reasons , i need the return pack code please , for star the process in my package office .
 Absolutely disgusting . I had not only myself , but four other women of varying ages but who are very tasteful try it and the responses were all the same ... `` Smells like an old lady '' ... `` Smells like old Avon '' ... `` Smells like a cheap drugstore perfume back in the 80s '' . I am a big fan of most of the Michael Kors perfumes , so this was a major disappointment . It has a strong , overwhelming scent of gardenia and honeysuckle , and I know some have said that men loved it , but I just can not see that being true . I even had a few guys in my office smell it , and THEY said it smelled like their grandmother !
 I have bought this product many times . I received this and noticed that the bottle was only slightly different . After using it , the fragrance completely dissipated in a matter of minutes to which the original perfume would last for hours and hours . This is obviously NOT WHAT I PAYED FOR and will never recommend this seller -LRB- DEALWAY -RRB- nor buy anything through them again!Not Happy !!
 I received Michael Kors Eau De Parfum 3.4 oz . It was wrapped in the box and looked new . However when I went to use it it leaked everytime I would spray it . Obviously it was tampered with - now I do n't know what I 'm spraying on myself . I will never buy from them again .
 Although the product is terrific , it arrived leaking product inside its wrapping . As a result , my wife opened her beautifully-scented gift with about 1/3 of the perfume gone . For the price paid for this perfume , I would think that better packaging could eliminate such expensive waste . I enjoy ordering thru Amazon , but as a result of this experience I do not know that I can ever order liquids again in this fashion . I would like to think that either Amazon or the manufacturer would like to make up for this unpleasant experience .
 A shame that 1 star is the minimum , I 'd prefer a very very very very small fraction , approaching zero . Hell , zero.How low can the Bush White House go ? Low enough to license the presidential logo for product branding . A logo that these miserable war-criminal lowlifes do n't own for themselves -- it should and does belong to all Americans.Remember the Republican uproars of the Clinton era , about trivia like the White House Christmas list , and who slept in the Lincoln Bedroom ? How much worse are these greedy & -LRB- @ ^ @ -LRB- s?I wonder if exfoliation is one of the techniques they 're using in the Gulags .
 Can you imagine the uproar if Clinton had done something like this ?
 Who manufactures these grooming products ? Who gets the profits ? I 'm hazarding a guess that these sales are n't benefiting our servicemen and - women fighting abroad , or the Katrina refugees scattered across the country ... Given BushCo 's outrage about the fact that big donors were allowed to stay in the Clinton White House -LRB- as they also have done during the terms of Bush # 41 and Bush # 43 -RRB- , this sales venture is yet another breathtaking act of hypocrisy . `` Power scrub , '' indeed !
 This mirror is nothing but junk . It may work fine for a couple of weeks , but that 's about it . The suction cups do n't hold for more than 2 or 3 days -LRB- then comes crashing down -RRB- , and the fog-free aspects -LRB- which is the reason you buy it , right ? -RRB- is a joke . Run away from this brand .
 My fogless mirror was anything less than fogless . I was disappointed in this product , despite the fact that the magnifying feature worked like a charm . It has already fallen apart on me too . Not durable at all . I would n't buy one again .
 When I first received this product , I did n't realize that the blurriness of the mirror was due to an actual defect in the mirror . I thought it was blurry because it was n't clean . Not until I applied the `` fog-free '' solution did I realize that there were tiny little scratches causing the mirror to look deformed . On top of that , this was n't even that cheap ! I would not recommend this product .
 As I prepare to throw my tenth Zadro `` Fogless '' mirror in the trash , I see the little `` Z for Quality '' sticker on the back . What Junk , Unless you have a water softener system installed in your entire house , this thing fogs up , water spots , or simply falls apart soon after it 's purchased . This last one simply snapped in two while I was showering and I have a mirror in the shower stall and a suctioned cupped razor holder still in place . It will never look as good as it looks in the picture even when you first take it out of the box . I am going to use the top from an old can of coffee , I 'm sure it will work better than this $ .99 item .
 This mirror is not what you expect it to be . A complete fog mirror . It is hard to see when you arer shaving . This is not a good choice .
 I have owned a Zadro `` fog-free '' mirror for two years . I use it every day . It stays up so long as I push in the suction cups every few days . It holds my Gillette Fusion razor . Why one star ? After a few weeks , the coating peeled off and it is not fog-free . I wipe off the fog and coat it with soap , just like any of the $ 7.99 mirrors I could have purchased . Ralph Nader said `` every consumer dollar is a vote . '' This is a fogless mirror that fogs up . Do n't vote for it .
 Fogless for a few days . Now constantly needs to be cleaned with 409 and rinsed off . So far not any better than a cheap sun visor mirror that can be bought at any grocery store for less than $ 5.00 . Also , when I called customer service to inquire about a remedy , the woman who answered the phone started to pull out the proverbial hoops through which she would drag me.I gave it one star because it is bigger than a sun-visor mirror and it does stick to the glass shower enclosure fairly well , at least so far.Unless my foggy purchase is remedied , I must say `` pass on this and all their products . ''
 The mirror was in fact fogless for about 6 months , and I was satisfied . Now fogs immediately and is difficult to see in . I would have paid more for a product with a bit more longevity . Also feels flimsy , cheap .
 Horrible , it totally reduced the water pressure of my shower head . Not a good idea to buy a mirror that diverts the water from the shower head through the mirror .
 At first , we really liked it . It comes with 3 suction cups , and did n't fog up ... at first . However , we 've had it up there just over 30 days and it has fallen twice , and now its starting to fog up already . We made sure the surface was clean , and cleaned the suction cups again , and tried again . Still fogging up but has n't fallen again yet ... so far I am not impressed . If you have the patience for it , and just want a basic cheap shower mirror , this could work , but if you want reliability and true fog-free mirror , you 're best to buy something else .
 Fogged up within a week . Quoth the wife , `` Honey , fogless mirrors do n't actually work . '' Lesson learned .
 Not worth the money the mirror fogged right up and the mirror has a distorted appearance to it . I would not buy this ahain
 In all good faith , I bought this product . It worked great for 3 showers and was worthless thereafter . Contacting the company , they offered a free bottle of their anti-fog solution , which was kind of them , however , if the mirror worked to begin with , I would not need it . The anti-fog solution will make ANY mirror anti-fog ... for about three showers , then you need to reapply . This mirror is worthless .
 this was a waste of money . it does n't stick to the shower at all . useless
 I got this for my husband and it did n't even last 2 months . The mirror part started fading to where he could n't see in it anymore . Do n't waste your money !
 This is the third differnt shower mirror I 've purchased over the years . This one , like the other two , worked great for about four months . After that time it became more and more difficult to keep clear and a month or so later was completly `` fogged '' even without the shower running.For $ 20 I do n't expect much ... . However , it would be nice to get at least a year out of these mirrors .
 Mirror keeps falling down . Does not stay on smooth , clean tile . It likes to fall off and crash down to the porcelain tub below in the middle of the night . This mirror is not really fogless either .
 I have had several Zadro fogless mirrors so that I can shave while in the shower . The key word here is `` several '' . They all became unusable after a few months . The coating used to keep the mirror fog free just does not seem to last . The bottom line is that these things are alright if you know going in that they will need to be replaced in fairly short order . For that reason , buy the cheapest style you can and skip the more expensive ones with radios , lights , etc. built in .
 It 's fairly cheap looking , but it does the job . The razor holders can not hold my Gillette Mach III Turbo razor , it slips out .
 I have purchased this mirror in 2008 . It started fading in the same year . It 's now 4th year as I was using it , and I 'm finally getting tired of it.Just a horrible quality , and at that time I have paid for it twice as much.Suction cups do not hold the mirror ! By the time you are going to shower the next morning or evening , the shower is dry , suction cups do not hold , it falls . It has scarred my wife many times falling during a night . Fortunately it did n't break , but it has chipped.Overall , this is one horrible mirror ! Also , it fogs like crazy ! Spraying it did not work . The spray just adds a blurry film on it , so you can not see anything!Do not buy this ! Save your money !
 Very cheep construction . the mirror fogged up after a week or so . It had this weird peeling stuff that came off the first time he used it . Also the suction cups do not hold even when you wet them . The twist zoom feature is total crap . You twist it and you look weird like in a circus mirror . Waste of money and it is total crap item very overpriced as well .
 2 stars ... Why ? I had this mirror for 2 months , it had begun fogging , so I did what any average person with limited time would do ... I threw water at the mirror portion . I guess this was a bad idea , because after doing so , the clock died immediately . No big deal right ? Wrong , if that was n't bad enough , this `` fog less '' mirror started to fog even more . A year has gone by and the mirror fogs instantly . I gave the mirror credit because the suction cups still seem to hold ... Sort of . I have a gillette fusion and a disposable razor hanging from it and it tilts to the fusion side . Anyway , I would not by this mirror again and you should n't either . .
 This is an OK mirror but does n't adhere to a marble wall for more than about an hour . I have resorted to attaching it to the wall when I start my shower and detaching it when I finish . Otherwise it will fall to the floor.I would not buy this item again !
 Watch out for the quality of this Z'fogless Ultra 5x Fog-free Shower Mirror , model Z500 by Zadro . It 's made in the USA so I expected good quality and chose it over another option . But on the 4th day after I purchased it -- while turning the mirror gently which is how you change the magnification -- the bolt that holds the mirror to its suction-cup base broke . It clearly snapped in two , which is not what you expect of a bolt , right ? Something is amiss here in quality control , and if you go to Zadro and check their return policy , they expect you to pay a $ 10 processing fee to use their warranty and get a replacement . Hardly a fair deal on a $ 19.99 product ! Perhaps it was just a defect in the one I bought - but buyer beware .3 / 15/10 Update
 The soap is not a very good lathering soap and after a while it seems to have lost its smell
 This is another `` miracle '' product that I wasted money on . The first time I tried the product , I used it on my stomach , there was no difference . Although upset , I did n't want to completely give up after one use . After trying the legs , thighs , and arms , and seeing no inch loss using tape measure , the rest of the product went right in the garbage . I know many people do n't want to hear this , but the best way to lose pounds and inches without side effects is to exercise and eat right . This is a fact that I am struggling to deal with myself . There 's no such thing as a `` miracle '' product , but if someone finds one , let me know ...
 The shower cap fell apart the first time I put it on my head . The elastic was so cheap and poorly sewn that it crumbled the first time it was stretched . Not worth the return shipping to send it back -- I 'll try my local pharmacy instead .
 Even being on the Gold Box and using the $ 5.00 coupon this is way overpriced .
 OK way to try product with low $ price . Would not buy regular size . Use the La Mer cream all the time but this concentrate is not worth the $ $ $ .
 When i recieved this the first thing i noticed was that it is not pink at all like it is advertised . It is actually very orange . Also , the clasp on the front to hold it shut was broken and so is one of the hinges on the back , so the lid is about to fall off . I think it had to do with the giant box it was packaged in and it was rolling around in there . The concept and the package is very cute , except for these somewhat important errors .
 I have been buying this perfume since 2006 through amazon.com -LRB- Ships from and sold by Amazon.com -RRB- , whenever I run out of it I just order another 4.2 ounces bottle . I had always received a good product UNTIL my last purchase on June 19th 2010 . - The product arrived and everything seemed fine so I did n't even test it , I still had some left of the previous bottle so I just placed the new bottle next to the other one in my bathroom.On July 17th -LRB- almost a month later -RRB- I finally tried the new bottle and the product DOES NOT smell the same , it 's a VERY watered down knockoff or something , I do n't know how to describe this but there is something wrong with the scent , it is not the regular scent , it smells more like alcohol with some similar perfume than the original Hugo Energise scent that I know very well.I thought that I was going crazy so I asked around family members and friends and they confirmed that both bottles do n't smell the same . - This is not the only thing I have bought from amazon.com but it is the first time that I have had any trouble with a purchase , I will try not to buy anything else here ever again.I would try to return it , but I do n't live in the USA , I have my purchases sent to an address that I have in the USA and they reship things to my address in my country , so returning the product would be a bit expensive for me.Enrique Singh
 I was disappointed that the product I received does not match the posted photo . The comb I recieved does have the rotating teeth - which is great for untangling hair but it 's awkward to use because it has no handle . The teeth completely line the comb . The comb shown has a handle and then a line of teeth . I would prefer that design and was disappointed not to receive it since I ordered 3 of these combs .
 Bought this because i was looking for a GOOD eyeliner , which i have yet to find ... . I liked the idea that it came with a sharpner and i liked the color . I asked the clinique lady for an eyeliner that wouldnt run and she looked at me funny , and said `` well ... we have this ... '' and handed me the eyeliner . I should have just walked away because the look in her eye I could tell something was NOT right . I bought it anyway - i honestly hate this product and its not worth the price . ive tried cheap drugstore eyeliners that have worked way better than this 20 pencil ! It WILL run ... smears terribly . Once applied do not touch ur eye . Within an hour it will smear so if u purchase carry around tissues to keep your eyes clean so you wont look like a racoon . Sharpness doesnt last long . Its kinda a nuscience to have to sharpen every day . I dont reccomend . Go to the dollarstore and get a better product for cheaper too .
 The pencil loses its sharpness REALLY quickly , I mean within a single use . And the line bleeds quickly too so within an hour I have dark patches instead of lines underneath my eyes . The only reason for 2 star instead of 1 is the attached sharpener . But with a pencil that gets dull so quickly they really needed to attach a sharpener .
 I dont know what all the other reviewers were raving about . I generously applied this product to my face and while it did feel amazing it didnt suck out all the blackheads as other reviews had stated . My pores did look a little smaller though once I washed it off and my skin was really soft . I felt absolutely no tingling , stinging or burning like some of the other reviewers and it took about 45 minutes to fully harden which is about average for products of this nature . I dont regret buying it , but I probably wouldnt buy it again .
 I have greasy hair and I was using the Suave clarifying shampoo which worked well . I thought I 'd try this one base on recommendations but when I washed my hair with it , my hair came out still oily ! It was like I had n't washed my hair at all !! Ended up throwing it away , not happy with it at all
 I purchased this product based on a review for people looking for great products for limp , fine hair . Unfortunately , I 'm afflicted with the fine hair . While secretly I 'd hoped to have a head of hair resembling that of a lion 's mane , it did n't happen . The cost of shipping $ 8 is outrageous , try a padded envelope and cutting your costs . The product is $ 34 and not worth the money . Your hair feels nice , the smell is nice , but no detectable increase in volume perception of hair . Your hair dresser can sell you something that would probably work as well and not cost as much . I wo n't be purchasing again . The Rusk products for fine hair work better and cost a lot less .
 I have thin fine hair and had read a good review of this somewhere so I bought a bottle . I followed the directions to a T , but my hair did n't look any different , but i kept trying thinking maybe one day i 'll see that it plumped my hair up for the day , but it never happened . I 've tried it 5 times , and it 's only supposed to coat the hair for the day , it 's not a treatment , but still i have yet to feel like it 's doing anything .
 Smells nice , very expensive for what it does . You could find products that do as well or better for a better price .
 Not worth the money , not worth the outrageous shipping charges . Nice smell . Other products that work better or as well can be had at a better price .
 The hair dryer is very heavy . Also , while I like the yellow design of the dryer itself , the yellow cable makes this look rather like a home improvement tool .
 You need to be prepared for broken , leaking tubes from J F Lazartigue . And , do n't bother to contact the company , their customer service is terrible . So , occasionally you will have to return an item.But , the good new is , the products are much less expensive on Amazon than direct from JFL .
 bought this sight unseen after the reviews were great ... This cologne reminds me of a middle lower class man who is in his mid to late 50s who wears an Hawaiian shirt . Does n't smell classy or sophisticated at all . Way to strong smells obnoxious . .
 I do n't usually write reviews , although I use them constantly to decide what items to buy . That is why I purchased this perfume without knowing how it smelled . All the reviews talked about how wonderful it smelled and the glowing compliments they received when they wore it . That was not my experience . I wore this perfume twice . The first time I thought maybe it was just me and it did n't really smell as bad as I thought . So , I wore it the second time and ended up having to wash my arms to get the smell off . I do n't know if this has been anyone else 's experience , but I wanted people to know before they purchase this item that not everyone likes it . It smells like someone who has worked out and sweated really hard and then tried to cover it up with dime store cologne .
 who would know if this stuff works ... it stinks so bad you have to shower before it has a chance .
 You need to be prepared for broken , leaking tubes from J F Lazartigue . And , do n't bother to contact the company , their customer service is terrible . So , occasionally you will have to return an item.But , the good new is , the products are much less expensive on Amazon than direct from JFL .
 Purchased this item and it does not fit on a standard hairdryer . Will be returning it this week .
 This diffuser is not a good fit . It flies off my dryer ! I bought it because the item description reads : Fits like a glove on T3 Tourmaline dryer model # 83808 . I bought the dryer mentioned and the diffuser to go with it . It Does not Fit !!!!
 Initially , I loved it . Fit like a glove on the blow dryer I bought that was `` supposed '' to be compatible . Now it wo n't stay on the blow dryer and is useless when trying to dry my hair in certain positions .
 When this Diffuser starts to get too hot , it falls off the dryer , and the two pieces come about . I love my T3 Dryer , but they need to make a better diffuser , for such an expensive dryer .
 It works well if you can keep the small tips found on the inside from breaking . Not built to well and cost too much .
 This product came with a T3 Tourmeline hair dryer that cost over $ 250 and would not provide a waranty !! Who would ever spend that amount of money without a waranty ? The reason they gave was because I bought it from Amazon , and not directly from them . What a scam ! I bought a Revlon Tourmaline ionic dryer at the drug store for $ 25.00 that had every feature on the advertisement for this one and a 2 year guarantee . I would never carry that product again if I were you -- it makes Amazon look bad .
 I have a large ` fro and it did nothing for it . My hair shrunk up and was a huge mess . I was better off with out this stupid attachment
 This is very powerful and dries hair fast . However , it is noisier and heavier than some of the dryers out there . It stopped working after a year also . I felt cheated considering my previous dryer lasted more than 10 years . But it gave me an opportunity to try other dryer . I currently own a Revelon dryer which I 'm much happier with .
 I 've suffered with noticable blackheads my entire life , so when I heard about a blackhead remover I was super excited , but I decided to look up a few reviews just to be safe . Well , I searched through reviews -LRB- most were not very positive -RRB- , ignored them , and ordered the remover anyways . I used my blackhead remover the very day I got it and I have to admit that it worked on my surface blackheads , but unfortunately the noticable ones just under the surface stayed put and I was left with a red , slightly sore , nose . Hope this review helps , but if you are as desperate as I was , you 'll probably ignore it and hope for a miracle .
 It does not matter how evenly you attempt to apply this product , you will end up with streaks . Thank goodness I decided to start with my legs ... at least I can wear jeans until the stuff wears off .
 This looked so good on T.V.that I ordered these single use tan towels.While the resultant color was good , it took more than one towel to cover the whole body . Additionally , the towels roll up as you use them so several times during the application you have to stop and unroll it before you can continue . It is easier than the self-tanning creams but not the fantastic product I anticipated . Thank you .
 Hate this product ! Do n't waste your time or money!Left me streaky , orange , and it smelt awful ! I would n't waste my money again on this !
 Awful ... the wipe bunches up , the color streaks and is very uneven , and it makes your skin orange ! I wont buy this product again . Now im waiting for the streaks to go away . I will be going back to using Mary Kays sunless tanning lotion . Not sure why I decided to try these .
 It actually took 4 applications and still did not get that much of a tan . When they advertised this product on tv they said it will not stain your palms . That is a lie . Plus it leaves streaks and some spots orange looking . This product is not at all as South Beach had advertised . I do not think I will use it again . Very un-happy with the results and the number of towletts I had to use just to acheive a light tan .
 After reading several rave reviews about this product I figured I 'd give it a shot . Prior to using this I got the Mystic tans at the tanning salons . They were fabulous but could get very pricey -LRB- $ 20 a session which lasted for a week -RRB- . I used those as a basis of comparison for this product.I did follow the guidelines for getting one of these temporary tans . I exfoliated in the shower and put on Cetaphil moisturizer over my entire body -LRB- the BEST lotion I 've used to date -RRB- . About an hour later after I was fully dried I used these wipes.A couple things I did n't like right off the bat . The wipes are kind of flimsy and tended to roll if fully opened . There was also a weird smell from them , nothing that I could n't tolerate.The wipes advertise that your tan will show up in 4 hours . Mine really did n't show up at all . I know that sometimes you have to use a couple before you really see results , so I gave it a second chance . Even went as far as using two in one day -LRB- one in the morning and again in the evening -RRB- . That gave me minor color ... nothing remotely resembling the spray on tans I had come to love from the salon . Oh and that minor tint disappeared in 2 days -LRB- not the four days they said I 'd get out of it -RRB- . Well what else to expect from a product that is only $ 8 ? The only at home tanning stuff I 've had any luck with is the Neutrogena instant bronzer , which is n't salon quality but at least gets me somewhat tan.If you do n't believe me then try it for yourself ... maybe you 'll have better luck . Everyone is different .
 I just purchased these towlettes based on multiple positive reviews . I had used L'Oreal 's towlettes before and liked them , but everyone seemed to think these Comodynes were better . THEY ARE NOT . They do n't smell bad , are easy to use , BUT they do n't make you tanner ! I have a dance competition coming up and now have to run out and try to find the L'Oreal product locally . Bottom line ? Do n't waste your money . Use L'Oreal 's towlettes instead.L ` Oreal Sublime Bronze Self-Tanning Towelettes . - Medium Natural Tan
 This stuff has too much cedar in it and makes you smell like an old man . Glad it was cheap cause it 's in the dumpster now .
 Not that all manly scents are bad , I actually prefer them . But I purchased `` Cigar '' blind , expecting sweet tobacco notes , musk perhaps , and leather . But after spraying it , I found an even more powerful opening akin to `` clove '' which lasted a very long time . I have come to the conclusion that this scent may not actually be powerful to some , as it I also sense it in the opening of Dolce and Gabanna 's `` The One '' , and that cologne is mighty popular , espectially with the ladies.My theory on colognes is that 50 % is to impress others -LRB- this could do that , but no guarantees -RRB- and 50 % to impress yourself -LRB- it failed with me on that -RRB- . It definitely is masculine , and in no way feminine . But coming from someone who actually smokes cigars and a pipe , and enjoys the smooth scent of unlit tobacco , I do n't think this emulates it . But everyone is different . My nose may be different from others , as is the case with any cologne.Try it first if possible . I will likely gift mine away to someone who enjoys it .
 Product was not sealed , very watery and no where near as effective as the same lotion in bought locally from a salon .
 I 'm not one to leave reviews , but i felt i should here . i did not hate this product but it didnt work for me . it smells good and thats it . i see no change in my tan after almost a week . its almost like this stuff blocks the tanning bed . lol i would not recommend it .
 It hardly made any difference , meaning it left near to no tan at all . Unfortunately it was a waste of money .
 The cap came broke , it keeps spraying without pressing anything , I did not like the smell either , and the seller Tuccini the worst , they did not exchange it or authorized the return , a nightmare .
 I purchased two Alba Botanica products -LRB- this lotion and a body scrub -RRB- and I did not like either . This lotion smells like a cheap cocoa butter smelling lotion . Why purchase a $ 10 tube of this for that smell ? Also , it does a very basic job of moisturizing . Nothing special . I REALLY wanted to like both of these products based of the reviews but was dissapointed in both . I would recommend you smell the scent of this in a store and decide for yourself . Will be writing a review on the body scrub as well so feel free to check that one as well . My skin is naturally oily and accumulates `` stuff '' easily so I was looking for a scrub that worked for that , so if this describes your skin , please feel free to check out that review .
 My roommate wears this stuff , and I ca n't stand it . Being a woman , I can definitely say women DO N'T like it . It reminds me of the over-cologned boys in high school , and it is a very young scent . I would put it just a step above something from Axe . It smells very young . Of course , my roommate practically pours it on , so that could be a problem . This stuff is very strong . It will linger in a room for 20 minutes after someone wearing it has left , and it sticks to anything it touches -LRB- pets , couches , etc. -RRB- . So , if you wear it , please , mist lightly . Just one spray into the air then walk through it . I 've realized men have the tendency to overdo it . I would recommend going to a more sophisticated and subtle scent for anyone over 20 or so . But , I guess this would be a good gift for someone going through puberty .
 Bought this one and 360 Red Perry Ellis together from Amazon . Shipping was on time.I prefer to use strong cologne sprays , and used Tommy H. cologne spray most of the time for the same price . I must admit that this cologne spray does not smell as good as the review says . The smell evaporated within 30 minutes from clothes . Smell is OK but nothing so special about it . If I would have to spend same money for spray next time , I would prefer to buy some other branch but not this one for sure . Not worth for the money .
 I regret buying the cologne from Amazon . What i received was basically water . It has the smell but does n't last for more than 10 mins . My friend bought the same thing and he said his cologne was sealed . But mine was n't . It just came in the box . I would never buy from Amazon again .
 This cologne smells cheap ! I decided to buy it after reading comments , but honestly it 's bad ! I usually use BVLGARI or HUGO BOSS and this one cought me with its price , but i guess that exactly why it 's so awful . Avoid it !
 Why do all the ads have an incorrect price per oz . Example : I keep seeing price per oz a little over $ 2 but a 4 + oz bottle price is $ 20A few of the ads had the correct price per oz at + $ 5 . oz
 I purchased this product and i definitely know its FAKE . after about 10 minutes there is no smell . was trying to save a buck by not going to MACY 'S , but there is a saying `` CHEAP TING NA GOOD AND GOOD TING NA CHEAP '' . This is cheap stuff .
 I only paid $ 3 for an .18 oz trial at Wal Mart . It was half off . I 'd been wanting to try one of their products for sometime . It smells very reminiscent of Lucky Brand cologne which I am not a fan of . This is just very slightly different but pretty close to Lucky . I also got a trial of Curve Wave which is a lot better and more of a citrusy scent , goes nice with it being summer ! I give this 2 product stars . Someone else in a Curve review here said this was also close to Ralph Lauren Polo cologne which I have never dealt with .
 Okay i bought the 6.8 oz thinking it was going to smell good from all the good reviews but i was wrong it smells bad and doesnt even last long all my friends think it smells bad and it does so do n't buy this totally not reccommend .
 I got my bottle of Curve today and tried it out ... My girlfriend said I smelled like dust . Oops ! Too bad they do n't have scratch and sniff on the computer ...
 I purchased Curve when i saw that Amazon had the 6.8 ounce for $ 24 and thought it was an excellent deal . I checked the ratings to make sure it was an original and there were only a couple complaints so I went ahead and purchased it . I just received it 2 days ago , but did n't try it until today.To my surprise , i found out that this is not an original Curve for men . I have a 4.2 ounce bottle that I 've been using for several years now and this 6.8 ounce is a diluted version of that . Like some of the others have mentioned , the smell only lasts a fraction of the original . At first i thought it was just me so i asked my parents , both of whom have bought or used Curve . They both agreed there was something wrong with it , especially with the strength of the smell -LRB- i had not told them it was fake at this point -RRB- . As a result we came to unanimous conclusion . This Curve for men 6.8 ounce bought directly from Amazon is FAKE.I 'm very disappointed especially since I 've been their customer for over 4 years now . This is the first time I 've bought perfume from Amazon and it will be the last . I also bought a perfume for Amazon for my mom which i need to check now . I will contact them and see what excuse they have for selling FAKE perfumes .
 I purchased the 4.2 oz bottle and after spraying it it smells like the real deal , but shortly after the scent changes and starts to fade . I 've been using Curve now for the past 10 years so I can tell the difference ... . Please do n't purchase this item , you will be disappointed ...
 My ex girlfriend bought me the 6.8 oz bottle for Christmas and it 's not the real deal ! The one thing I remembered about Curve is , it lasts for a really long time and you can still smell it even after you wash your clothes at times , but not with this product . It seems like the smell goes away as soon as I walk out the door . I was really disappointed , since this is my favorite cologne .
 I really hoped this would have worked , but unfortunately it was a let down . I have mildly curly and thick hair -LRB- but not coarse -RRB- . I straighten my hair almost daily . I tried all the tools and still hated it ! It does n't even get hot , even when left for about 10 minutes . The straightener SUCKS ! The crimper is even worse ... no matter how long you hold it , how small the section of hair , or even the amount of hairspray put in before using it ... it would n't do the job ... just wave it the tiniest ... making it look like my natural hair anyway . The curlers are n't impressing either . Seriously , I 'm better off using my mother 's hair tools from the 80s ... I would throw this thing out , but my mother bought me this for Christmas only a couple months ago .
 The picture and what I received are two different things . What I really wanted was the 1/2 '' spiral curling iron . The item I received did not even have a spiral curling iron . So I returned it !!!!
 It doest warm up with the tool for straight hair , and the plate for it is too short , actually I believe is not good enough for the price i paid for it
 The concept of this 3-in-1 set is a great idea , but this particular design works so poorly that it 's not even worth fighting with to use . It does n't get hot enough to actually straighten or curl your hair , and so is basically useless .
 I ordered this to my bank in exchange for `` points '' . When I got it , it reminded me of the shinny purple plastic stuff I used to get from Santa when i was a little girl . Then I plugged it and I thought there was some problem with the cord , as it only heated a little -LRB- I could touch the plates without burning myself after 20 minutes plugged -RRB- ... so I got to the conclusion that it was a perfect thing to buy for a little girl that wants to play to the saloon being a safe toy ... NOT for real use , absolutely not worth even the points ...
 This is for kids . It does not heat up enough to make a curl . Should have known by the price . Going to give it to my 12 year old niece .
 I love the color and the removable parts but they can be hard to take off and fit on at times . Its also not heating up fast enough for me , i usually have a few minutes to get out so i cant wait for it to heat up and style .
 i bought this for the spiral attachment and it came made of plastic , does not spiral at all.curling iron does get hot fast but have no luck using any of the attachments .
 Wo n't get hot enough to crimp my 3 year old thin hair ! Wo n't get hot at all ! Total waste of money !
 I do not recommend this item to anyone . I received this item , and I was very excited to use it . I opened the package , and plugged the crimper part to it first plugged it up , and it did n't work ! I was shocked ! I then plugged the curler part to it , & it did not work . I opened up the crimper , and realized the part that I needed to heat it up was missing for the crimper . I was very upset ! I would not reccomend it you would b better off paying a good bit money for a nice one that will work than a one that want work at all .
 It took forever for this to warm up and when it did , it did n't crimp at all . I may give it another try ... my daughter was so excited to get this but disappointed that it did n't make her hair wavy.I 'll most likely be returning it if they let me . The packaging is the plastic kind you actually have to take scissors and cut into . No salvaging the packaging on this one !
 I bought this product primarily for straightening my hair -LRB- my hair is naturally just slightly wavy -RRB- . I found that it did this very poorly . In fact , I purchased a new straightener within a week of this one . However , my friend bought the same item and used it for curling , waving , and some crimping . It does a good job of this , especially given the price . Overall , definitely a good product for the price , however , if your main use is going to be straightening I would recommend searching for a new product -LRB- I have found that a ceramic straightener by Ceramix has been a terrific investment -RRB- .
 I am highly disappointed in this set . I bought it as a gift for my daughter who has been wanting one forever . She opened this up , plugged it in and waited about 10 minutes thinking it would heat up hot enough to crimp her hair . She tried it and it did hardly anything . I checked the iron and It was barely warm . I was actually able to hold on to the plates that should have been hot with ease . I wish I would have read the reviews before buying this thing ... Worthless . I am happy that Amazon has a good return policy :-RRB- Yeah Amazon ! I am off to look for a REAL crimper LOL
 I was so excited to get this item , but when i got it i plugged it in , and it didnt get hot AT ALL ! this was a waste of 25.00 dollars .
 I was very excited to get this unfortunately it just do n't work . It does n't heat up so it wont straighten my hair , just kind of tugs on it leaving it looking very frizzy , but not as frizzy as the crimper makes my hair look . Heat is very important ! I have n't even tried the curling iron .
 This thing was a waste of $ 20 . It 's a piece of crap . It does n't get hot enough to do anything ; actually , it barely gets warm at all . I just stuck my hand right on the heating plates and they were mildly warm , that 's it . Great idea , just does n't work . Based on the reviews I 've seen it seems really hit-or-miss whether it heats up properly . Do n't buy it .
 I gave this to my step-daughter for Christmas as she wanted an iron that did all that this product offered . Plugged the product in after Christmas , it heated up , we started using the different rods and it did nothing to her hair at all . Did not straighten it , did not curl it , did not wave it , did nothing . I immediately emailed the company wanting to return it and simply because I did not have the original packaging , they will not refund my money . I have the product itself and the pamphlets that came with it , just not the plastic container it was shipped in . Who does n't clean up christmas morning and throw away the entire mess in your living room ?? The package got thrown away with all the Christmas wrap . And what does it matter , the product itself does n't work at all and it was not cheap . I am still fighting with the company for my refund , but they are now ignoring my emails . Poor poor quality and even worse customer service . This does not even deserve the 1 star I gave it .
 I bought this a long time ago from k-mart and it did n't work to well with my hair . I had to set the heat to high and leave whatever tool I was using for a long time . It did n't really straighten or crimp my hair to well . It curled my hair fine but as I said I had to leave it there for a long time . Oh and it takes awhile to heat up . I reccommend finding a better brand possibly and not one that looks like a toy O_O
 Purchased this for my daughters hair . One has thick hair and one has fine hair . This item did not work for either or hold a curl . It does not get very hot . Ended up donating it .
 Could have bought this item at my local dollar store ! Super cheap attachments that do not work well ! The spiral curler doesnt spiral -LRB- and I have easy-curl hair that measures down to my butt -RRB- the curling iron itself is very cheaply designed , not very high quality and would only be good for a young girl who maybe just starting out ... a training iron if-u-will hahaha ... not for women who know better !
 This is the worst product I have ever purchased . My daughter used her christmas gift card to buy this because she wanted to be able to crimp and curl her hair . The item does not heat up and it takes at least and hour just to crimp her hair . Wish I still had the original packaging so I could send it back . This product is a rip-off .
 Got this for my daughter for Christmas because a friend of her 's had one and she really wanted it . Very disapointed so far . Does not do anything even as well as the straighteners and curling irons we already had . Not getting the hang of the spiral curler at all , maybe we need more practice , but it is not easy to use .
 This picture is misleading . The picture shows two separate metal pieces for the regular iron and the spiral iron . What I got was the other picture listed ... a plastic piece that attaches to the regular iron for the spiral . I ca n't see how it is going to work . My daughter just opened so not sure how it is going to work yet .
 I was very excited about getting this because I had one as a kid . But unfortunatly this does not seem to get that hot . But it was for my 6 year old so she enjoyed it !
 Its a nice price , but it takes a really long time heat up and is not as effective as i would have guessed . I should have just bought a regular crimper .
 It doesnt heat up its defective flat iron from conair if i knew how to send it back i would gladly . I dnt recommend anyone to buy it , its a waste of money .
 I got this to use it as a crimper . When I got it , I was excited to see how it worked . After I plugged it in , I forgot about it so when I went to use it , it had been heating up for about 45 minutes . It worked pretty well this time , so I thought it was a good product . However , now when I wake up in the morning , I do n't have 45 minutes to wait for it to heat up . It hardly crimps my hair at all , even when I let it heat up for 30 minutes . Also , it is made of really cheap plastic .
 When crimping the hair you have to sqeeze the barrel to get it to work . Does not heat up very well.Not worth the money or the time !
 I need a new straighter and I was looking into buying a crimper . I got a $ 20 gift card for my birthday so I figured I do n't really need the Curling iron but it ca n't hurt to have an extra . I bought this product and boy was I upset . It takes FOREVER to heat up . I have to like wait 30 minutes before it 's hot enough to do anything to my hair . Straightener , Sucks ! Did n't do a dang thing . My hair is wavy and it did n't straighten my hair at all . The crimper works but with it taking forever to heat up and on top of that you have to hold the crimper there for like 5 minutes it 's just to time consuming so I never use it.As for the curling iron . WORKS AMAZING ! aside from the time it takes to heat up . THe curling iron works great . I just own 4 perfectly good working curling irons and had no need for another one . I do n't recommend this product unless you want a curling iron or have 2 hours to crimp your hair in the morning . But even then you could by a 20 $ curling iron or crimper that heats up just as fast and you wont be so time consuming.I actually only bought this becuase it had some great reviews saying it heats up fast and crimps great and I thought $ 16 works great and I get three styliong tools thats a steal . But , I 'm confused on weather I got the right product because this thing did nothing like the reviews said . .
 Love the curling iorn hate the rest . . no temp controle just low and high . . i probably would n't recommend it and the krimper is super tiny
 Ever seen those brightly-colored plastic play scissors they give pre-schoolers , the ones that do n't actually cut anything but look impressive ? That 's what these scissors remind me of . And lest you think that means you ca n't hurt yourself with them , think again
 I do like the tweezerman tweezers so bought the scissors . They are very sharp and workWell . The problem is if your a woman with small hands the sccisaor grip is too wide and shimmysDown past your knuckles and gets stuck . You have to relax your hand and shake the scissors off.If you are a woman and you hate getting rings stuck on your fingers you wo n't like these scissors .
 Like the rubis , you ca n't really get close and thus not effectivethere are other tweezerman ones that are thinner , and work well , buying a 2nd pair of the others
 After reviewing all of the five star reviews , I was very excited to try this face lotion . I started using it as soon as I received it . After two days , my face started breaking out . I figured that it was the lotion getting all of the impurities out of my skin , so I continued using it for two weeks . All it did was give me constant painful acne -LRB- I have n't had acne in ten years -RRB- and very dry skin . Perhaps this is meant for certain skin types ... Just not mine .
 Maybe this would make a better hand cream than night cream . The scent is eye-wateringly strong , and the stuff really gloops on thickly . I used it for about 3 weeks , and then it started to irritate my skin -LRB- to be fair , my skin seems to be very sensitive -RRB- . Avalon makes good products , but I 'm not a fan of this one .
 I used to use this cream for years and it was the only one that worked well on my skin . I loved it ! However , since the company went under recent changes to `` update '' their products , this cream has not been the same . It has a different texture , and it burns my skin and makes it completely red . I do not have sensitive skin . I have never in my life had a reaction to a product , and I 've used many types . I am saddened that the chemistry of this cream changed . Poor move Avalon Organics .
 THEN
 I ordered this after reading the reviews which stated that this product was appropriate for sensitive skin . I have rosacea that 's usually under control . The first night I applied this cream , I felt a bit of a tingle and noticed some redness . At the second application the next night , my skin turned bright red after just 2 minutes . Had to wash it off . Do n't know exactly what caused the irritation but I can say that the lavender smell is quite strong . Not a good fit for me , unfortunately .
 This is the first time I 've tried this cream and I 'm not understanding the good reviews . Maybe mine is from a defective batch or it somehow went bad . Because of the great reviews , I 'm going to exchange for another jar and give it one more try . I 'm hoping I 'll have good things to report.The jar I have smells like the `` scrubbing bubbles '' bathroom cleaner , not like lavender . I was afraid to put it on my face at first , but after reading the ingredients I felt my nose must have been tricking me . I began to break out about 4 days into using this on my face . I decided to test my chest and neck next and they broke out too . The breakouts kept up until I had stopped using this product for a few days . Maybe my skin was getting rid of junk that needed to come out of the pores . I ca n't really say , but I can say it was n't what I expected.With my usual Avalon cream , breaking out was never an issue . I 'm going to go back to that one for now and recommend it to anyone with combination skinAvalon Organics CoQ10 Wrinkle Defense Night Creme , 1.75-Ounce Bottle . The Wrinkle Defense Night Creme is expensive , but one little pump covers my face and upper neck area if slightly damp .
 They are a perfect match to the actual pins from the anime . However , they are made with metal bobby pins that have no give at all . Getting them in my hair was hard enough , but getting them out left me with a few less hairs in my scalp . These will be great for my halloween costume , but overall they are cheaply made .
 The metal holds tight . I think this would be better to hold a bun of hair rather then holding peice away from the face because they get stuck and rip the hair .
 When I got them , I was quite pleased . They were bigger than I expected and absolutely lovely . But the pins ca n't hold hair . At all . I put them in and they just slide out .
 This product is a wast of your money . Do n't buy it . They wo n't even go into your hair !
 I was surprised by the size of these hair pins . They 're also pretty . However , they do n't hold any hair . The ends are kind of blunt and it 's easy to hurt yourself while trying to get them to stay put . I actually used regular bobby pin to hold the hair pin in my hair . That 's so ridiculous . If you like Bleach , they 're a good collector 's item , but the practicality is 0 .
 Huge ! And the clip on the front broke within 3 months of light use . Really , too huge .
 bulky , bulgy , hard to pack . it looked like a good idea , but this is really hard to deal with if you frequently travel light . by the way , it 's hard to hang , too .
 While I love the concept of this product I found it difficult to apply and did not like how it felt on my skin . I prefer lotion sunscreens .
 My hair stylist recommends not shampooing my hair every day to keep my red hair red longer after a dye job . However , since my hair is quite fine it looks greasy if I do n't shampoo . I have tried baby powder in the past but it ends up looking white and going everywhere . I bought this product in the hopes that it would prevent greasy roots and allow me to shampoo every other day . I was dissapointed because it did n't have the effect I wanted . My hair still looked greasy and dull and the only difference was that it was bright red at the roots from the spray .
 Nothing more than hyped up silicone in a bottle , this product is so full of silicones it would prevent any of it 's `` anti aging '' ingredients from penetrating at all , their `` study '' to prove this stuff `` really works '' was funded by , none other than guess who ? Boots ! one of the many silicones listed in this is known to build up for months and can be dangerous , this is example of how advertising can really fool people .
 Boots No. 7 Protect & Perfect serum comes in this regular formula and and in an INTENSE formula . It is the latter that was named as a 2010 Anti-Aging Award Winner . The INTENSE is sold for $ 23 at Target and other stores ; the regular for $ 19 . Amazon sells them for $ 28.65 and $ 25 , respectively . Score this one for Target !
 I had high hopes but unfortunately , the product did nothing for me . My bottle lasted about a month although I used it sparingly . The pump stopped working when the product ran low . Trying to get to the remaining product by removing the cap did n't work either . It was just too thick and the opening in the bottle was too small.There are products costing the same or less which last longer and perform considerably better . Any lotion or cream containing Alpha Hydroxy acid -LRB- or other alpha or beta acids -RRB- in a 10 % to 12 % concentration and a pH of around 3.0-4 .0 will give your skin noticeable improvements in a matter of weeks . These products have been around for years and they continue to improve upon them . They can be purchased at just about any department or drug store and they last for months . I 'm going back to my trusted Neoteric Alpha Hydrox .
 Please read the list of ingredients and search even a handful of them and you will quickly see that there is very little good in this product and a whole lot of not so good.It is made up mostly of filler , and I 'm doubting that there is enough retinal in this product to make much of any difference when it comes to anti-aging needs.To be clear , I have not used this product . I am simply appalled by the horrible list of ingredients , and being as how this product was promoted by television `` Doctors '' , I felt the need to chime in and give a `` Do n't waste your money ! '' warning.For anti-aging benefits that are real and inexpensive , go natural ... try natural oils like coconut oil -LRB- my favorite -RRB- , almond oil , Shea butter is great , alcohol free witch hazel is wonderful , etc . Make your own face masks and exfoliates using honey , yogurt , strawberry , avocado , egg , etc.These things are safe and natural , chocked full of antioxidants and very inexpensive.After years of spending money on a plethora of useless products , I finally came to realize that if it is advertised on Television as something miraculous , it is most likely complete garbage.And finally , if you really need retinal treatment , go to a Dermatologist . They will prescribe a retinal cream that will actually show results .
 After I started to use one of the No7 serum I had an itchy throat , after I was sneezing and my face , skin , under my eyes as well was terribly red and itchy ! I had a conjunctivitis in my eyes , I had to go to an optician to check my eyes because I hardly see , after I had a herpes from the serum . After 2 weeks I have terribly painful spots in my face . I had to buy natural oils , and other stuff to heal my face from the chemicals . :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB-
 Methylparaben , which is readily absorbed through the skin , has been found in large quantities in human breast cancer cells . In addition , when skin care creams containing methylparaben are exposed to UVB rays , cell death occurs and there is massive stress oxidation , which can cause disease and cancer . I would n't put it on my skin and , as a skin care professional , I say not worth it .
 Moisturized my face but I did n't notice anything extraordinary with my skin once the bottle was empty . Not sure what the fuss is about .
 I started using Boots No. 7 and within a week developed sensitive lips and tongue numbness . My lips felt as if they had been burnt . I had to constantly apply lip balm and vaseline to help with the discomfort . It was almost two months after I started using the serum that I realized it was causing my lip sensitivity . Even though I liked the smoothness the serum gave my skin , I immediately stopped using it . Within two weeks , my lips were back to normal . I do n't know what ingredient in the serum caused my sensitivity , but be aware if you start using it .
 I have been using the cream for about 3 weeks now and to be honest , I do n't notice any difference . I will keep using it and report back if I notice any improvement wrinkle-wise then
 I 'm sitting here with a red , blotchy rash on my face that 's very uncomfortable . I 've also got huge , puffy bags under my eyes . All of this happened within a couple of days of me starting to use Boots No. 7 Protect & Perfect beauty serum . Apparently , I 'm allergic to something in this product . My face is bumpy and discolored , and it hurts . The package says the product is hypoallergenic , but be aware that it can cause an allergic reaction . Believe me , this product has done nothing to increase my beauty - in fact , I 'm embarrassed to leave the house . This was my first Boots purchase , and it will definitely be the last .
 I saw this product featured on ET and wanted to see what the hype is . I am an Esthetician and always look at ingredients . Anything you apply to your skin will absorb into your body . The majority of the ingredients In this product are parabens -LRB- preservatives -RRB- . These do nothing to beautify the skin . they just give a long shelf life . Reasearch is showing that they also mirror hormones in the body and may contribute to breast cancer in some women . Please read what you are putting in your body . Not good !
 I broke out in a big way within 3 days of the trying the Day Cream . I have never broken out from any other skin product , do n't have a skin problem , and did not use any thing else that was different . Boots No 7 is the ony explanation . Caution !!
 Do not waste your money . I ordered 4 Boots No7 products , returned them all . Broke out my face , product was expired -LRB- that 's what the bad smell is -RRB- . I would never order any of these products again .
 Well , I read the reviews of this product before I bought it and I do n't know what they were using because I sure have n't seen the great results they supposedly had . I have only been using it for two weeks so I should n't be so impatient I guess . However , from the reviews I read , their results were immediate . I 'm not talking about deep wrinkle remover for myself because I do not have such . Just the small ones . So I will keep using until the tube is empty and maybe I will see some results . If I do and have the opportunity , I will let you know .
 This product did not work at all . I used an entire botle over 6 weeks with no results . A product either works or does n't . My skin is normal and i do n't see how boots works for some and not others . Marketing . It was nice feeling serum and did not cause any side effects but it did nothing to improve fine lines , tone or texture . It just felt nice .
 When I first tried this in 2008 I loved it . It 's true that it makes your skin feel like silk instantly and at first it seems like it 's really `` working . '' However , after about four weeks I noticed I had acne like I 've never had before . It was as if my pores were impacted deep under my skin and looked like my forehead and temples were bumpy . Not pink pimples or whiteheads , just a patch of bumps . It took weeks and weeks of steaming my face and using masks to draw it all out of my pores . About a year later I decided to try it again just in case the two were unrelated ... they were not . I watched very closely and within the first few days I noticed a couple of the same bumps so I stopped using it immediately . I think this must work for some people but clearly not for all skin types . I saw another review said this was just silicone in a bottle and I have to agree , initially it makes your skin feel smooth but it definitely feels like there is something `` on '' your skin.That said , I still LOVE lot of other Boots products and would recommend the Boots No. 7 Glycolic Peel Kit , No. 7 Micro-dermabrasion Scrub or the Boots Original Formula Overnight Cream .
 Asked Boots for a refund on their poor quality MASCARA and this was their reply : `` Thank you for contacting Boots.Boots does not offer refunds for general dissatisfaction and apologize for this inconvenience . Everyone has different skin types and will have varying levels of skin change.Sincerely , Boots Customer Service ''
 Not what I expected . I 've read that `` Ungaro III '' was a rose scent for men , but it does n't smell like rose to me.The description says it contains `` cirtus , lavender , rose , woods , and spicy notes '' . I smell citrus and lavender , but no rose at all.Overall , just not a pleasant scent .
 Its not what I expected , it smells like cheap 5 dollar perfume , dont waste your money on this one , its not worth it ... Just not a pleasant scent
 It smelled like I mixed a bottle of Old Spice and a bottle of Brut . . but what can you really expect for the price ? On the plus side the scent can easily last 6-8 hours.Anyways , Ungaro III is a dark variety of cologne . Armani Code is far superior dark , but is also much pricier .
 This product is still in USA , it ca n't fly outside for safety reasons , i need the return pack code please , for star the process in my package office .
 I received these tubes of mascara , my favorite kind ! They were all dried out ! When I asked for them to send me some new fresh tubes , they responded by giving me my money back ! They must all be dried out ! Do n't buy these !
 I spend a lot of time searching for personal care products that are safe to use with eczema , and it seems the most difficult to find are shampoo and conditioner that are free of both scents and dyes . I had hoped this was the end of my search , but I could n't have been more disappointed . It felt as if some sort of film was left on my hair and it was even somewhat sticky . Closer inspection revealed residue left on my scalp as well . With the sticky texture , I could n't even comb through my hair . I tried it with the Free & Clear conditioner , but it made little difference . The worst part was that , even without the dyes and perfume , whatever IS in this stuff actually exacerbated my eczema.Oh how I miss Christophe 's Purely Natural collection of hair products !
 I had a sever reaction to this shampoo . I ended up with a super itchy scalp rash . Especially around the back of my neck . I was only using it every other day but after about a month I had that reaction . I had purchased it because I get allergic reactions on my back from shampoo . I had been hoping that this one would do the trick , but whatever chemicals are in it are super harsh for me . It also smells terrible , and does n't wash well . I hav n't used it in a week and I 'm still trying to get rid of this rash . I have never had scalp acne in my life until I tried this shampoo . I have very sensitive skin . I 'm prone to skin reactions from most chemicals , and UV rays . I had been hoping that this shampoo would finally be the one that did n't cause an allergic reaction down my back though . I 'm currently trying Neutrogena T/Sal because it is also fragrance free and hopefully will clear up this scalp issue .
 I purchased this shampoo and conditioner and although my skin did calm down a little -LRB- I have acne problems on my face , chest , and back -RRB- my hair smelled horrible . Also , I noticed my hair began drying out , not like when I used regular shampoos .
 I bought this shampoo because I have a sensitive scalp and am prone to scalp acne . Right away I realized it was n't going to work . It takes a lot of shampoo to clean the hair and it drys out the hair on top of it . The smell is bad . Now I know why they add fragrance to shampoo . Yuck ! I would recommend skipping this product and find something else that actually works without requiring large amounts to clean the hair and wo n't dry out the hair .
 Been trying out products to hopefully solve my dandruff , but this did not help . Actually got worse over the week and my hair became more dry/poofy/frizzy .
 I HATED this shampoo . My dermatologist recommended that I purchase this after having problems with my scalp . I used this shampoo and it was EXTREMELY DRYING to my hair . It left white residue in my hair and on my scalp . After the shampoo left the white residue in my hair it was also sticky ... I then had to wash my hair with a sulfate shampoo to remove the residue . My hair is natural and the key ingredient in this line is Sodium Hydroxide one of the main ingredients in Perms for black people and when you are natural you do not want that stuff on your hair because it breaks down the protein in our hair . I was so panic stricken and never used this product again . I had to return this shampoo and the conditioner . When my scalp flare up I now just use what I have always used and that is Neutroogena T-Gel shampoo , it too is extremely drying but less drying than the FREE&C lear line . I do n't think that this line is hidious to African American/Bi-racial textured type hair .
 With all the great reviews I was hoping for a similar experience , but the product made my hair very dry and brittle . Diluting the product did not help . My hair is colored so that may have been an explanation , however , it had a similar drying result on my young daughter 's hair . I did not use it long enough to determine if it would have helped my skin .
 My hair takes abuse from coloring and a straightening iron . This shampoo left my hair dry . I was very disappointed . I would not recommend this product .
 So , finally received this item and it was only 1/2 full . It was covered in oil , and smelled terrible , like it had gone bad . Honestly , it was going to cost more to send it back than just get rid of it . Overall , uber bad.h .
 Have n't used the product yet - beach vacation starts next week . Only received 2/3 of a bottle due to poor packaging . The bottle was loose in the bottom of the box and leaked all over .
 I picked this up at Kmart and tried it at the beach . It left a sticky film on my skin . I had also sprayed it where I part my hair so my scalp would n't burn . Well , my hair was stuck like glue or a ton of hair spray . I took it back to the store and I 'm still looking for something I like .
 I like to hike and backpack between 10 and 13,000 feet in Colorado . Also I 'd rather not wear a hat . My preference is alcohol based quick drying sunscreens for my thinning top and face . This product meets all my sun protection needs , EXCEPT the smell . An hour after application I 'm still overwhelmed by a sweet citrus odor that limits where I can apply the sunscreen.Previously I had used a similar Bullfrog product that offered identical protection with no odor .
 This product is awful . After using it last weekend , my husband ended up having splotchy burns all over his chest . I thought it was odd , and figured maybe he did n't apply it evenly . Today we went to the beach and we went out of our way to make sure we were applying it liberally and evenly . Came home this evening and we are covered in splotchy burns . Its like half the bottle is just water or something . This is just dangerous , we used sunscreen to avoid burns and cancer , and instead we 're covered , we might as well have used a spray bottle of tap water .
 I bought this for my scalp-if you have no hair it would work great but I have hair and it was a sticky greasy mess . Yuck !!
 Okay , the shipping was amazingly fast but thats it ! It takes forever to get warmed up and when it is finally ready to use , it does n't get near hot enough . I have semi thin hair so I did n't really question its ability to get my hair crimped . I did 1/2 inch sections and it just was n't what I was expecting in the least sense .
 I purchased two of these irons for use as marcel wave stylers . They do n't work at all for this purpose . Also the packaging is such that the product can not be returned once opened . So over $ 50 wasted !
 I use to buy a product from this company with the same name . But , this is not even close to what I use to get.This new `` hair repair '' leaves an oily residue-unlike the older product with the same name .
 It 's dissapoiment , It 's really bad fragance . It is a product that seems rebuilt and really smells very badIt is a product that seems rebuilt and really smells very bad
 I actually have the 1.7 oz spray of horizion , thank goodness . Another scent that was short lived for guy laroche , whos best known scent is Drakkar . This scent reminds me at times of an older womans overpowering perfume , or the bad scent of original polo . It has a more mossy smell , and at time I swear it can smell like a locker room , not cool . Not close to his Drakkar line , thank goodness guy laroche did n't name it after it , because this may have stoped his sales . Something different , but not an every day scent by far , and use sparingly .
 While this dryer did dry my hair sufficiently , I would n't recommend it due to safety and reliability concerns . Though it worked for the first 2 years , it began having problems when turned on , often whirring for about 30 seconds before blowing at full power . Eventually this lead to the more serious problem of sizzling smells and sounds from the internal heating wires , causing the dryer to become DANGEROUSLY hot -- as if it were burning up from the inside . As well , the heat-focusing nozzle nearly always fell off while drying , as did the back filter . In sum
 Do not waste your money . Will not work for black hair , you can see it is a light brown color . It does not hold the lock together well , it looks gross , like you rolled in a mud puddle .
 The comb just does n't get hot enough for my hair type -LRB- 1a/1b -RRB- . I have to blow dry it straight to have any chance of getting this comb through my hair , which effectively makes it useless .
 I had never purchased a hot comb before . I own several flat irons and expected the comb to work essencially the same but without having to clamp the irons . It arrived brand new and on time so that was good . It also got very hot which was good . It did n't straighten like I thought it would . It kind of combed out the curls but it was still very fluffy . It was not what I expected . ** This may be true of all hot combs , not just the one I purchased .
 It did not straighten my hair type 3 hair enough for me , even at the hottest setting .
 The whole idea for me to purchase this item was to prevent me from burning my hair out from using the hot combs heated by the stove . However , this item did n't get hot enough to straighten my hair & my hair type is fairly curly . This was a waiste of money and unfortunately , my electric flat irons from Chi got hotter than this electric comb . I suggest you save your money or buy a different brand .
 Not the best pressing comb I have had . It does not get hot enough for my liking . I can still straighten my hair with it but the one I owned before was way better .
 Do n't waste your money on this , it is overpriced and I did not notice a difference in my hair while using it . Try Loreal 's Nature 's Therapy Mega Moisture instead !
 I will be succinct
 While the eyeliner is as described , I found that `` raisin quartz '' did not adequately prepare me for the color - It 's Brown.Perhaps it was the green packaging that misled me , I expected something with some green in it .
 the only reason i bought was because i was searching for a scented lotion , i should have looked elsewhere the scent is terrible .
 I like the Paul Smith Extreme for men ; however , this one was really disappointing . Smells more for women .
 I bought this primer in hopes it would absorb oil and prevent shine . It did not seem to help at all .
 I 've had oily skin all my life so I thought I 'd give this a try . I normally use blotting papers every few hours to control my oil and I thought this would eliminate me having to use them . Well I purchased DERMAdoctor Oil Control Gel and it did not do a thing . I think they have their own people add reviews because I do n't believe it works for anyone . If it worked it would at least work for a while ... Total waste of money ! I hope I save a few people from being dissapointed .
 I had high hopes for this product but was completely disappointed -LRB- especially since I paid so much -RRB- . Did n't help control my oily skin at all : o -LRB- Would NOT recommend ! I do , however , recommend Neutrogena Rapid Clear Oil-Eliminating Foaming Cleanser , which actually does help & is much cheaper ! Good Luck !
 I 've been using this product since November . I must have the oiliest skin on the planet . I thought the product worked at first but my skin is oily an hour after I put on my makeup . I use blotters and can completley soak up 4 of them at a time 3x a day at least . And that is with no strenuous activity . I 'm 43 and still have zits and sometimes cystic acne every now and then . If anyone knows something that will help me let me know please !
 It did n't do squat , I tried it once -LRB- for my wedding & reception , a nice cool day & evening so no excuses for hot , sweaty weather there -RRB- & now I ca n't even return it . There 's 35 or whatever dollars down the drain .
 I bought this product because I 'd been researching it for a while . It is silky on your skin , but for me , I thought this product made me break out ! I do n't usually get lots of breakouts on my skin , but for some reason after using this I noticed more and more especially on my cheeks and forehead.I 'm not sure why it did n't work for me , and I was disappointed because I do have oily skin!Maybe it was in combination with other stuff , but I did n't like it . And I did n't notice a difference at all in the amount of oil on my face .
 Both my teenage daughter and I have oily skin . Based on the generally good reviews of this product , we bought some several months ago -LRB- although I was taken aback by how expensive it is for such a small quantity ! -RRB- Anyway , neither of us noted a difference in the oiliness of our skin when using the product . To see if it made any difference whatsoever , my daughter suggested a little experiment
 I can not comment on the tan this product may or may not give , as I am instantly turned off by the glitter ! I thought maybe it would wear off , but hours later I am still sparkling . Maybe ok if I 'm going out on the town , but for the most part I 'm just throwing on a pair of jeans and off to run errands - so I look like I 'm trying to be all fancy at the grocery store and such . Not for me !
 The old formula back in the day , say sometime around 2005 was great - It never streaked and looked pretty natural-This stuff glitters and streaks and looks fake as the day is long . It also wears off in flakes and looks worse and worse as time goes on . I suspect this has to do with it having Vitamin E in it which causes skin to exfoliate . . Exfoliate before you tan , not after ! I am about as pale as you can get , think Nicole Kidman or perhaps paler , ha -- I recommend Banana Boat Deep . . blend with a fragrance free body lotion and the results are great .
 I ordered this recently for my wedding in Oct. . The rhinestone was definitely not from Swarovski . It looked cheap . I found holes on various spots of the veil and the maker tried to cover up by placing rhinestones there . I asked the vendor about return policy and never heard from them . I ended up not using the veil .
 NOT LIKE THE REVIEW SAY . TOO TOO SWEET . SWEET FOR ME IT IS NOT A MASCULINE SMELL AT ALL . IT STINKS .
 I was hopeful after reading several reviews that this product was going to help in moisturizing my skin . I had severe eczema for my whole life -LRB- 26 years -RRB- and have tried everything . This oil did n't do anything for me but cause more itching and broken skin . I contacted the company that produces this product after doing some research on cottonseed oil . Which contains high amounts of pesticides ! Which I do not care to place on my sensitive skin to be absorbed . The company did reply back but only avoided my question about the use of pesticides saying it was a food grade oil . I 've read several reviews about people actually using this potentially harmful oil on an infant ! Very disappointed and will be looking for something organic .
 Well , the short answer is that Robathol is just too oily for me . To be a bit more specific , no matter how well you rinse , there is still an oily feel which some might like , but is not for me . I really wanted to like it as it was highly recommended to me by a friend who likes the product very much .
 This was not a great buy . I did n't notice any results from this crime . It was easy to apply and take off , but the results were n't there .
 I bought this product some time ago , I do n't hve it anymore but I do remember it breaking me out though was n't too impressed with it
 Attempted to use to wipe down shower three times . Have done this for MANY years . This particular sponge merely SPREADS the water , rather than soaking it up . Works like an artificial sponge ... not a natural one . Amazon handled my complaint very professionally . I assume the fault lies in the factory 's cleaning/processing which leaving an oily film on the sponge that prevents absorbtion . Totally useless for my application .
 Initially I was quite pleased with this sponge , but after only six weeks it is falling apart . I expected a longer life from this sponge , so I am trying another brand . Crabtree and Evelyn sold a much better sponge , but they no longer offer them so I am still looking for a comparable one .
 I did not like this , it smelled like mens cologne . It did not have the citris scent that was discribed .
 Have to agree with the customer who said that it smells cheap . I , usually , love citrusy/flowery scents . This one is simply awful .
 very harsh smell - alcohol being the overpowering component ... I thought maybe it would be ok on the skin once the alcohol evaporated , but the scent that remained was still very strong , hardly fit for a woman -LRB- this is definitely not one of those `` unisex '' types either -RRB- ... I thought it was just me - but everybody I asked to describe the scent told me it smells like cheap cologne . . one even said `` bug spray '' :-LRB- disappointing , and not returnable to amazon ... this is the proverbial `` you get what you pay for '' : -RRB-
 The product never was received , I had to contact amazon and it was latter revealed by the seller that the mirror I opurchased was broken in shipment and they did n't send a new one or even notify me .
 When the packaging for this product changed from the opaque white tube to the silver gray tube the product also changed . I have fine hair that does n't get the needed boost from the new product . The new one is more moisturizing and less volumizing . I loved the old stuff . Why did they have to mess with a good thing !
 After reading reviews on this I was really excited to try it . Unfortunately I do not like it at all . After putting it on it leaves a `` powdery '' feel on your skin . I think I will stick with the spray cans of sunblock .
 After reading many favorable reviews about this sun product , I decided to try it . Unfortunately when I applied the cream to my face I noticed my skin became much redder than usual . I tried it again on a different day and the same thing happened . A friend of mine who is a dermatologist told me it was because of the niacin -- some people who are very sensitive to it will have a red , inflammatory reaction and should not use any product containing it . When I called the company to ask about a refund , they told me they could not refund my purchase because I had opened the container.Of course , I 'm now saying to myself , `` How else would I know that I could n't use it ?? '' , but the woman was very curt , abrupt and did n't have anything else to add . Never again will I order any make-up - style product from a company I 've never heard of . Sephora would have readily taken it back -- no questions asked -- just show us the receipt . My loss this time -LRB- $ 50 -RRB- -- never again .
 I purchased this product because it is labeled as fragrance free . Upon opening it I was overwhelmed with a perfumy smell . I called the company and questioned them . They told me that what I smell is called a `` masking agent '' , to cover the bad chemical smell of the product . It smells like strong perfume to me , so I 'm not sure what the definition of a `` masking agent '' is . Whatever it is , it is not fragrance free . It seems like very deceitful advertising to me .
 I swim five times per week . Even after using Malibu , I notice that my body -LRB- especially my hair -RRB- continues to smell like chlorine . In particular , even if I use Malibu , I notice a chemical `` chlorine '' smell when I sweat or get wet afterwards . The only thing that I have ever found that works for this problem is something called SwimSpray , which uses vitamin C . They have a website at -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I used to love this product , but they changed their formula recently . First I noticed that it smelled different , unpleasant , like industrial strength detergent mixed with elmer 's glue . I applied to it to my skin and felt it burning . My skin was noticeably red in the mirror . It used to smell wonderful , like roses , and was soothing and made my skin look firm from the collagen . I called Aubrey about this and they told me the different scent was due to lavender oil they needed to add to denature the alcohol . Why so much alcohol ? It causes burning sensation . And lavender never smelled bad like this . They could n't explain that and recommended I simply return it .
 I ordered Aubrey Collagen and Almond HAND AND BODY LOTION . I was sent Collagen and Almond ENRICHING MOISTUIZING LOTION . It has over 15 different ingredients from the one I ordered . Plus , it has a scent which I can not use . I will not order from Tao of Herbs again .
 I bought this gift set as a Christmas gift for my stepmother and when it arrived , I very carefully opened the exterior box to check the condition of the inside . I was very disappointed to find that the packaging on the interior was torn due to a previous buyer having torn the inside of the box and returned it . This was not a gift that wanted to give in the condition it was in , so I attempted to return this item . This is the policy as copied from the returns page : For safety reasons , items that are classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases can not be returned to Amazon.com . Customers should dispose of hazardous materials according to Local , State and Federal regulations . Customers should contact their local government or local waste company for directions on how to dispose of Household Hazardous Waste.Added 1.24.13 - I did email the seller directly about this issue and although it was not a fast response , I did receive a reply that they would refund my purchase in full since it was damaged . I was instructed to either keep or dispose of the item . Since it was just the exterior packaging that was torn , this was very nice as I was able to give the items away individually .
 I wanted to try something that minimized my pores . I purchased this and tried it . It made my acne worse , did n't do anything to reduce the size of my pores , and had a heavy , sticky feel . Thank you Amazon for allowing me to return it for a refund . DermaDoctor needs to go back to med school ! Try Dr. Brandt 's Pore minimizer instead .
 Why the people does n`t look at ingredients ? i dont know if u care or not , but i wish to let you know this creams has alot of PARABENS in in , so , that make me think isnt so good as the people say ... what can be so good when is just chemical inside ???????
 I bought this product with great hope because of the reviews rating . I had been using for one month now . But it does nothing to my pore . My pore is still large as it is .
 I hate writing negative reviews especially on a product of a company I believe in ... HOWEVER ... I thought this product was going to be my foundational Holy Grail . After re-reading several times the claims of what it is supposed to do and re-applying exactly as instructed , I saw absolutely no visible difference . Granted , my pore-problem is arrogantly non-severe and maybe I expected soap opera star skin but this did absolutely nothing for me -- but the fragrance ? did ! It made me nauseous . Sorry to rant but to me it smells something like a mix between coppertone sunscreen and cheap deodorant . I rant yet again
 Just a warning -- strand test with extreme care ! I did n't strand test long enough because I went with the color on the package . My hair is about 5 shades darker now than I wanted .
 It is not possible to give a review , becose we never recieved the parfum.We are still waitting till we recieve the OSE parfumWhit best regardsJohn Niessen
 I WROTE A SCATHING REVIEW BECAUSE I DID NOT RECIEVE MY PRODUCT & RECIEVED NO COMMUNICATION . THIS MORNING I RECIEVED A CALL FROM `` MICHELL '' FROM THE COMPANY THAT SELLS THE PRODUCT . SHE SAID THAT THEY HAD SENT ME 3 E-MAILS . I DID NOT RECIEVE THE E-MAILS & TRIED TO TELL HER SO , BUT SHE JUST KEPT INSISTING THAT THEY HAD E-MAILED ME . TO THE POINT THAT I FELT THAT SHE WAS CALLING ME A LIAR.SHE THEN SAID THAT IF I WOULD WRITE A MORE FAVORABLE REVIEW THEY WOULD REFUND MY MONEY . THAT SOUNDS LIKE BLACK MAIL TO ME.I WILL GIVE THEM THE BENFIT OF THE DOUBT , THAT THEY MAY HAVE INDEED ATTEMPTED TO E-MAIL ME . I DID NOT GET THEM !!!!!!!!! I BELIEVE THEY SHOULD REFUND MY MONEY WEATHER I WRITE THEM A GOOD REVIEW OR NOT .
 After two weeks of placing the order , during the days of expected arrival , HealioHealth informed me that they have cancelled my order without any further details . It is more then inconvenience . They should have informed me within days of placing the order .
 Simply as title , no lavender scent for this product . Why is the seller mentioned that in the description ?
 The fragrance of this product is not even remotely anything like lavender . It was difficult to use , as it arrived caked solid , not in pellets as pictured .
 It is implied that 1 -RRB- You can use this ALL over your hair and 2 -RRB- You can do it alone . This is not possible . What you probably could do with this is to have help from a husband or friend OR ONLY use it on the front of your hair for a face framing affect . I read all the instructions , I cut a little section of my hair , I tested it and it looked like I would need to highlight for 20-25 minutes , and then I started pulling my hair through the holes . That in itself was SOOOO tedious , but I was willing to do it , but I found out that I could n't go much further back than the front section of the cap , since my eyes do n't go back that far . Also , I tried using two mirrors to look at the top and back of my head , but it 's too confusing since everything is backwards when you try this method ... not to mention I probably would have really made my arms sore by trying to do that for one to two hours . Anyway , I gave up when I realized I could n't do it . I wasted at least an hour . I called Revlon and they SAID they will give me a refund . We shall see . If so , they have kept a customer , but people should still be warned about how difficult this product is nonetheless ...
 Made my hair break , turn green and orange . Horrible stuff . I wish I never used it . I had to cut off lots of my hair .
 I ended up not using this product after realizing it would be permently affixed to my tub . I didnt feel like rueining my bath tub just for a little more grip .
 I bought these to make my shower safer for my upcoming hip surgery . I applied the `` stickers '' according to the manufacturers directions onto my clean , dry tiled shower floor . They worked fine for two months , but are starting to `` come up '' on their own . The manufacturer needs to apply a stronger adhesive to the product . I still have a few older -LRB- 20 + years -RRB- stickers on my shower floor that I inherited with the house . These products are hard to find anymore , liability reasons ?
 Unfortunately they did not remain adhered to out bath for more than a week before most of them came off . We followed the directions for installation as specified . I would not recommend this product .
 After my wife first installed these we thought we had found the answer to a problem we have had . Other appliques did not stick well at all . In a matter of days they came off . The same thing happened with these . It just took a few more days.The appliques I had applied about 25 years ago almost had to be blasted off . Wish we could find some that would stick and stay stuck .
 Very displeased with the item , it was not expensive , and hardly worth a return . They did not work ! I followed all directions in application , including using the longest wait time suggested . They did n't seem exceptionally sticky to start with , but I thought maybe the curing process would make a difference.After three showers -LRB- two days -RRB- one fell off , I replaced it with a new one and three showers later it was off again as well as several others . They did not even make it to a ` cleaning ' day to worry about cleaning products being an issue.I remember these from long ago , but obviously they used a different adhesive back then . Its more than how they look , they are unsafe if you expect it to keep you or your children from slipping . A waste of money and a safety issue waiting to happen !
 These were great for the first 5 months . We followed all the instructions for installation and everything was working great . Since about the middle of may , we have been losing a sticky every 3 weeks or so . Looks like I need to look somewhere else for ones that will last .
 I am very disappointed in this product . I applied them to my tub per the directions on the package . Each decal has slipped from the area I applied them to . I have a handicapped parent using this tub and had they slipped while they were using the tub , the result could have been very hurtful
 I followed the instructions on the package , making sure the tub was clean and dry before applying . No luck . They started coming up after the first shower . There 's nothing wrong with my tub surface , because my previous set lasted a couple of years . I wish I could find another pack of those .
 Adhesive shower/tub decals seem like a relatively easy product to get right . Unfortunately , as several reviewers had already mentioned , they last a week or two -LRB- it you 're lucky -RRB- . Then they begin to peel off very quickly . This was a waste of money , and a total waste of time on my part . Perhaps it would adhere to certain materials better than others , but a week 's use out of these is unacceptable . This product is not recommended at all .
 These bathtub decals do n't stick very well . I 'm glad I bought 2 packs because I am constantly having to replace them .
 After the first time I bought these stickers and applied them to my tub shower , and they began to peel off , I figured maybe I did something wrong , so I decided to try again and ordered another package of these . I followed the instructions to the letter . I made sure the tub was bone dry . I applied them with substantial elbow grease . I made sure the surface did n't get wet for 24 hours as recommend , but I waited a full 2 days , by showering in the other bathroom . Everything I did , I did correctly . The stickers at the back of the tub , where I do n't stand , remained in place -LRB- hey , that 's worth 2 stars -RRB- , but at the front of the tub , where I mostly stand during my showers , these decals began coming up within a week . The quality just is n't good enough . I 'm now looking for a different brand .
 Not only do these easily come up off of the bottom of the bath tub -LRB- even though I applied them precisely according to the package directions -RRB- , they attract dirt and are impossible to clean . I was hoping that they would blend in with my white tub , but they just look like dingy gray flowers on top of it .
 I strictly complied with all of the application directions and let them dry for well over 24 hours . They began peeling off within two weeks . I suppose that if you do n't step on them or use warm water to shower they will last . However does n't that defeat the purpose of applying them in the first place ?
 I bought a few packs of these decals because I did n't want my mom to slip and fall in her bathtub . A few days after applying , they started peeling off . I followed the directions
 These are the worst decals ever . I bought these in place of those rubber mats for the tub that get all gross and full of bacterial and mold . I followed the directions about how it said to wash the tub then wipe with alcohol to remove reside and soap build up . I stuck them to the floor of my tub once it was dry and reside free . Well 3 days later they started peeling off . Not all at once but a few each shower till they all came off . I was very disappointed . But for the price I was n't going to complain -LRB- too much -RRB- .
 These are useless . I followed the instructions to the letter , and also used a blow drier on the tub to ensure it was completely dry before applying the decals . I let them stay on for about 30 hours before using the shower , but a few minutes in to the first shower they started to peel off and float towards the drain ...
 I really wish I had not wasted my money on these things . We bought them to put in the tub for our baby who has just transitioned out of an infant tub . I cleaned the tub well , let it dry , then wiped the surface with alcohol , and let it dry again . -LRB- Just as a side note , our tub is completely smooth and not textured . -RRB- I put these down and on the first use of the tub 2 of them came off . Ever since then they have been peeling up one at a time . SO annoying and unsafe for my little one . If I could return these pieces of crap and get my money back I would . If they actually stuck like they are supposed to , they would be great . During the first use of them they really kept my baby from sliding around in the tub . Now that so many of them have come up she slides around and gets upset . If I did n't need the ones that are still hanging on to stick until I can get more , I would have ripped them up a week ago . Do n't waste your money .
 I followed the instructions thoughly and gave them double the time to dry out than what was recommended . But , the decals started to peel off within 2 weeks . I do not recommend this product.Compac Select Safe-T-Shapes Bathtub Decals , Daisy
 I read the reviews before ordering and was so happy to read Joe Lowe 's of CA positive experience w/this product . I should 've skipped his entry , and heeded R. Kent Cullen 's of FL `` They Do n't Stick '' comments . I bought 1 pkg . and yes , they are cute , white , good size , arrived quickly -- the middle pops out for smaller tiles -- and your feet do n't slip . I followed the exact instructions and let dry 24 hours between cleaning/scrubbing and applying . And then another 24 hours before using the shower to be sure all the appliques were completely dry and `` stuck '' . I was so pleased after the first couple showers I ordered another pkg . I should 've waited a week , because after about 5 showers , they are coming off one by one !
 We were eager to try these considering the great reviews they had , but the decals did n't work . We cleaned the tub well , let it dry a full day -LRB- we have two bathrooms -RRB- , then put the decals on according to the instructions . We let the decals stay there for 24 hours , but the first time my husband took a shower all but two of them came off . We 're using a bathtub mat for now , but we 're shopping for another brand that works better . Any suggestions ?
 I put these decals on at the same time as I put some clownfish ones on . I washed the tub out , rubbed it down with alcohol and let it sit for several minutes before applying . I waited 24 hours to use the tub . The first couple came off the the first shower I took , almost all the rest of then came off within a week . The clownfish ones are all still on perfectly so I know its not my tub or my application . A waste of time and money!Also , just wanted to note that the `` 14 '' that come in a pack include the big ones and the small ones you pull out of the middle . So its really just 7 big ones and 7 really small ones .
 barely works ! it seems like i need to buy another package to get what i want out of the item , i have only had for a few months and 3 of the pads have fallen off . i do not suggest to buy .
 Just do n't ever get any water or stand on them . I bought these because of the glowing reviews . I 'm convinced that these people are employees of the company .
 Cute and nice-sized about is all I can say good.Our tub was triple-scrubbed and squeaky clean and dry . I let them sit for over a day before using.It only took about 2 days before one came off . Then , the others started lifting and becoming half-on and half loose.I spent more time cleaning and applying them than they lasted in taking showers . Total waste of time . Heed what people say
 The only reason I 'm giving 2 stars is because while the stickers are holding on , they definitely create a safer bath tub floor but it 's only been 2 months since I 've installed them and a few are already coming off . I 've followed instructions and washed and dried the bathtub before putting the stickers on . Disappointing .
 Followed direction to the tee . Now their coming undone after only eight months . What happened to the decals we had when we were kids . They stayed down forever ! I would n't recommend these unless you wish to replace them every eight months . Now I have to find a better brand , since these suck !
 Ours only lasted for 6 months until they all fell off . Now we have to buy more . Did n't have any problems with them discoloring , so I guess that was a plus .
 After properly cleaning my bathtub and allowing to dry , I placed the safety stickers in the desired locations and the tub went unused for 24 hours . However , almost all of the stickers have peeled off and my 1 year old twins are sliding all over the place . The set I had as a child are still in my mothers tub , so I guess they do not make these as they used to either . Does not stay stuck , so it is a poor product and does not last past 1 - 2 weeks .
 I followed the directions exactly , and allowed the decals to dry 36 hours -LRB- instead of the recommended 24 -RRB- . Within one week , one decal had peeled off . Within two weeks , three have peeled off and I 'm once again slipping in the tub . Looks like I 'll have to go back to the clunky and awkward bath mat , which is disappointing .
 I bought this to my mom as a present . She wore it today and said that the scent did n't last as a former L'Air du Temps she used to own . I will avoid buying fragrances online from now on .
 So I ordered this product , very excited that it was only $ 22.50 for 1 oz of Nina Ricci L'air du temps Eau de toilette for my mother . It arrived quickly . However , when I opened the shipping box , the familiar yellow box was not shrink-wrapped as I usually find in the store . On further inspection of the perfume inside the dove bottle appeared to be plastic instead of the usual glass dove bottle I am so familiar to seeing . When I sprayed it , it smelled overly strong but then the scent faded quickly . I am not sure as it came directly from Amazon but it seems fake . Everywhere else sells the 1 oz perfume for around $ 44 . I am wondering if it was so cheap because it is not actually the real perfume .
 I have the after shave of this , so thought `` Hey , why not get the cologne to complement it ? '' I spray my normal 3 sprays on my body , and 5 minutes later , there is absolutely no scent of this left at all . Maybe I just received a bad bottle , but I 'm really disappointed with this one .
 hieven i made the purshase last days of december 2012 , i have n't recived the product . i am really disappointed about this . otherwise i also bought a pair of X-box 360 games and a wireless controller the same day i bought this adidas eau de tolittete and they were sent to me inmediately.i do n't know what was exactly the problem with the perfum , but today , february 13 , i am still waiting .
 This product was in the correct wrapping and perfect condition but when I opened the box the perfume was green in color . I had a previous bottle of this product which was wonderful and clear/light yellow in color but this new product was bright green . Also when I smelled the product I had bought it smelled a lot muskier than normal and almost a cologne like / somewhat rancid . Definitely disappointed in this product .
 Unless you have lighter than medium blonde hair , this just appears grey . Me and my friends tried it and it worked on me , only because I have light golden blonde hair but on everyone else it looked grey . Also , it even turned my hair a grey if i put too much of it in . And it turns your skin sparkly for about a week afterward ... Its very hard to control it because it sprays everywhere so streaks are virtually impossible .
 I gave it one star becasue I was thinking platinum blonde not platinum silver . So it did n't do me any good .
 I had really high hopes for this Platinum color spray . It 's sprays out SO hard and fast that it was basically like a huge glob of this glittery stuff on the top of my head . It looked awful , smelled awful , and is basically just light glitter . Also , after I sprayed it one time , that was it ... there was nothing left in the can !! A total rip off.YUCK . I learned my lesson , and I 'm never buying this again . The good thing is that it washed out right away .
 i HATE THE PACKAGING AS I TOP DOESNT SECURE THE PRODUCT PROPERLY AND IF THE BOTTLE FALLS EVERYTHING IS THROWN AWAY . ITS NOT ORIGINAL ITS LIKE A REFILL BOTTLE
 I bought this after really liking it several years ago . For some reason , I ca n't get the scent to last on me like it used to . It evaporates quickly . The metal part of the perfume bottle came off within a couple weeks , so I was n't very happy with the quality of the bottle that I got . Kind of bummed that it did n't end up being what I wanted .
 After ordering the Scratchex shown in the add I was sent an alternative product . After finally getting in touch with the manufacturer , I learned they no longer made the type shown in the add . It would be appropriate to update their add
 The shampoo is in a completely different packaging and the shampoo is just bubble bath soap . Very disappointed ! Do not order
 Great cream Yes ! but it still contains Paraben productNot as `` safe '' As I would like it to be .
 I still have my 1.6 oz bottle of Lacoste pour homme that I purchased from Macy 's 6 years ago , and the difference between that and what I received -LRB- I got two 3.3 oz -RRB- is like night and day . The original I have from 6 years ago is strong , and wonderful smelling . I only need one spray and I can easily smell it on all parts I tagged . I tested both bottles I received against my original , and I can barely smell either of them at all even after three sprays . There 's a lingering trace of what Lacoste pour homme is supposed to be , but it is so weak -LRB- like it 's watered down heavily -RRB- that I am better off not wearing it at all.I contacted the seller today and if I hear back , I 'll update.In the meantime , I 'll check to see if Macy 's is still selling it and if it still smells like it 's supposed to .
 This cologne does not smell like the 20 other bottles of this cologne I have owned in the past ? I do n't know if it is old or got heated some way prior to delivery . I am disappointed in the scent .
 this one was too short and I could barely see it on my eyes . I 'm not a big fan . the ware is okay
 I ordered 3 of these small 1 oz . bottles and none of them were unused . 1 of the was only hal full . I have emailed to get my money back but have not heard back . I am very disappointed with this order . The other larger bottles were fine .
 The product description says , `` For hours of fun in the tub , bathe and play ... '' . I do n't know how a child is supposed to play with these ` crayon soaps ' . Although the description does not say the crayons draw on the tub , we assumed that ` hours of play with crayon soaps ' meant we could draw on the tub . My daughter played with them the first time and said they were broke . Now on the up side the scents are good and they do create a very nice lather for washing . But I would not recommend this product if you want ` play time ' .
 Well , I there had been other reviews when I ordered these . After such a long wait , only to find out they are not crayons . We did n't use ours yet , since reading the packaging made it clear they were just crayon `` shaped '' soap . On the soap front , I will probably return them as they are VERY fragrant , and my daughter is sensitive to perfumes .
 No , no , no !!! This is only a pale shadow of the wonderful original . And it only lasts about as long as a ` splash ' ... . The perfume companies have been `` re-doing '' many of our long-time old favorites ... . and they are very disappointing !!! They are Not the same . Like your grandmother 's wonderful cooking , that you will never have again . My suggestion is , keep them as a ` good memory ' , and use good quality Essential Oils , instead . Where ` rose will always be rose , lavender will always be lavender , patchouli will always be patchouli , etc. ' , in other words , they will be the same , over the years . No bad surprises .
 I wore Ma Griffe over 40 years ago -LRB- I 'm old , LOL -RRB- and I loved it . I have not been able to find the original again . The problem might be that the original did not fit all women . Many of my friends tried it and said it did not smell the same on them as it did on me . I read somewhere that Carven changed its formula to make it better for more women . Loved it then , do not love it now . Changed to Chanel No. 5 .
 This one was not good on my skin . I wanted to experience a `` cyphre '' It is unusual , in that it is not what `` everyone is wearing '' . I gave it away .
 The color is different from what it looks , it is golden but has some pink in it . I 've never used it because of the color .
 This comb was made out of cardboard ! I had to return it , it was almost funny . $ 10 for a cardboard comb . Toppik is a good product but this is a joke . The picture makes you think it is plastic or something . Do n't get the carboard comb wet or it will break ...
 Seriously , they 're charging how much for this piece of crap !? I bought it with their recommendation of doing frontal hairline but it did n't work very well . I got better results using one of my old comb and it was much easier & faster . The Toppik hairline optimizer is just crap in quality , poorly made . You have to see it to believe it . I wish I can take a close picture and show everyone how poorly they designed and made this product . Why do you think they give you two , it 's a piece of crap that 's why . And for them to charge is ridiculous , it should be free . Total Ripoff !
 The fact that these are paperboard & not plastic is n't the problem . It 's that they do n't work . The powder goes under them and still ends up on your forehead . I love Toppik and you just have to put it on carefully to avoid the hairline issue . These do n't help at all .
 Cheap Plastic Junk . Not even work a few cents let along the price they are charging on here ! Returned for Refund !
 similar tp spray paint that was sold a few years ago to cover bald spoits . That did n't look good either .
 I really wanted to like this soap . It was a whimsical purchase whilst shopping late at night and my husband and I were on a debate about soap we usually use and love , but he loves peppermint and I love lavender , so I decided to try this dead sea mud bar.I am usually sold by something that smells nice , but I could n't smell anything from it being wrapped , so I figured I 'd give it a go and it was also on sale.After using it for a week now , all I can say it OUCH ! It 's so granulated and really hurts my skin EVEN when I apply the soap to a wash cloth . The salt granules are really harsh and I do n't have super sensitive skin either.It did n't have much of a small and that 's ok since I prefer a soap not to be loaded up with perfume or even natural oils . Can be kind of annoying if you plan to wear anything else scented.It did not leave my skin feeling clean either . I almost feel like there is a film left over and my skin has been really itchy.Maybe it just does n't agree with me , but I have to give it two thumbs down.I will stick to my lavender castile soap from now on .
 I ordered this parfume and thought it will be the real one.the box and bottle is not like the original one -LRB- and I would know coz I owned the original one -RRB- , I am so dissaponted , and although the smell is similar to the real one , i dont know if stays as long on the skin.I thought. , that , because its sold from amazon.com I want have this type of problems.and to top of everything the parfume is not returnable.great way to cheat people.never gon na buy any more parfumes from amazon
 I would give these no stars if I could . This stuff is literally like slathering oil onto your eyelids . The oil goes into my eyes and its difficult to wash off . I guess this is fine if you have stubborn waterproof mascara that you need to scrub off , but other than that , go for the oil-free ones . Stay away from these !
 These are way too slimy to use anywhere near my sensitive eyes . I ended up using them on my face instead . I wo n't be buying them again .
 I wish I read some reviews on this product before purchasing . I had previously purchased the oil free Almay makeup remover pads ... MUCH BETTER . I thought these would be similar . I was wrong!While these pads do remove all my eye makeup , it 's too oily for my taste . My eye makeup ends up being smeared all over my face as I 'm using these pads to remove them . I always have to keep a tissue handy as I 'm using these pads . I ca n't wait to finish these ! I 'm going back to the Oil Free one !
 Yuk - I heard Almay 's eye makeup removers were some of the best - But , Not this one ! It was way too wet & greasy . I even had trouble getting that greasy feel off my hands . I had to throw them out and would never buy them again . -LRB- I tried to give no stars , but the review would not accept zero stars . -RRB-
 I wanted a soap with no fragrance -LRB- perfume -RRB- or oils , so I purchased the Aveeno Clear Complexion Cleansing Bar from Amazon . I just received the product . The ingredients listed on the Aveeno package are not what Amazon lists . Amazon states that the product is Fragrance Free ; The Aveeno ingredients listed include fragrance . A complexion cleansing soap should not contain perfume because that is a skin irritant . The Amazon listing states that the Aveeno product is Oil Free ; The Aveeno product ingredients listed include Almond Oil . A product advertised for oily skin should not contain oil . The Amazon listing shows the Aveeno product contains Colloidal Oatmeal . Oatmeal is beneficial for cleansing and exfoliating -LRB- peeling -RRB- skin . The Aveeno Clear Complexion Cleansing Bar listed ingredients do not include Colloidal Oatmeal . I am disappointed and would not buy this product again , nor would I recommend it to anyone who wants a face or hand soap that will not irritate the skin .
 I thought I was safe buying a well known brand like Guerlain.NOTThis perfume that I 'm now stuck with ; smells like a man 's aftershave thatwent out of style in the 40 ` sHORRIBLE smell ; never bought a perfume that I 've ever been this disgusted with.and the seller ? Took them TWO WEEKS to get it here ; never had UPS been this turtley either.HORRIBLE XPERIENCE ; WO N'T BE BACK
 The price is on the high side and not as good as described . I would not recommend it to others .
 This is a sample ; it did not cost 42 dollars and you did not save $ 35
 Bought this sword as part of a knight play costume . It 's hollow and easily bent eventually splitting down the seam . Would be ok for Halloween when it wo n't get used a lot , otherwise , do n't waste your money if its for actually play .
 I received a used and dirty brush . I emailed the company who advised they would send me a package for returning that item , and I have not received that yet either !
 A shipping cost of $ 8.80 for a $ 1.99 hair net is OUTRAGEOUS ! The item was shipped in a box that was way too big , when it could have been shipped in an an envelope for the postage cost of a regular letter.You can bet I will pay closer attention next time , but will not order again from this company.My rating is a big 0
 This item came to me on time and packaged well . The issue I have was the plastic top was missing .
 I had Obsesion about ten years ago , and I loved it very much , though I 'm a for life fan of Dolce Vita , which is my usual perfume.This time I wanted a change so I ordered Obsesion from Smellies Direct.First , this perfume contain too much alcohol , and at first spray is very powerful , but , unfortunately it doesnt last more than about 15 minutes , and I also detect a kinda bad smell at dry down , like a burnt rubber . . Fortunately they dont sell on Amazon anymore .
 The bottle of Obsession arrived in a plain box with no lid to the bottle.At first I thought there would be a second package with the lid and the original box . Not really the way I wanted to present it at Christmas.I contacted the shipper `` Sams Online '' and was told this was the only one they had in inventory , so the shipped it `` As is '' . I asked for a replacement and was told if I paid for shipment back to them , they would replace it . I do n't feel that I should have to pay an additional cost to get what I already paid for.Internet sales work only if the Vendor ships what they say they will ; you are only as good as your reputation . Sams Online will no longer be someone I will deal with , and Amazon has lost a little of my respect . Sams has offered me a $ 6.00 credit , waiting for that to show up ...
 I strongly discourage anyone from using this terrible product . I purchased this product for my naturally medium brown hair that is perhaps 5 % gray , and deeply regret using it . The product was very drying and damaging , even after a week of daily deep conditioning with my own conditioner -LRB- the included conditioner is a single use pouch . -RRB- More importantly , the color fades rapidly . I purchased this because I was tired of how quickly the semi-permanent 28-day dyes fade , but this is worse ! Although the initial result was a beautiful rich brown just as pictured , the gray faded back to gray in one week and the brown faded to an ugly brassy color in 2 weeks . Unfortunately , the brassy color has not faded back to my original . The Clairol semi-permanent dye lasts longer without damaging hair and fades back to the original color not this brassy color .
 My hair was pretty light , and I put this on wanting the wonderful color on the box and swatch . NO !! It came out an ugly flat darkish brown , not even an appealing brown color , and I followed the directions 100 % as directed by the pamphlet that came with the color . There was zero , and I mean ZERO hint of any color in this other than brown .
 I even left this product in for 35 minutes and it only slightly lightened my dark hair . I was hesitant to use it because of the health hazards and the dryness I felt in the sample lock of hair I dyed ; had it not been a gift , I would not have used it -LRB- did it for courtesy -RRB- . The conditioner is wonderful , my hair feels great -- but the color does n't come close to measuring up to the model 's hair .
 Horrible hair dye . My hair color is naturally dark / hazel brown , I wanted to add some red-ish golden brown accents to it and achieve the effect displayed in the description . When I dyed my hair with this , and waited the anticipated amount of time , i ended up with ORANGEEEEE roots !!! The rest of my hair did n't even look dyed . It was the same color as before . I dye my hair regularly using diverse products , but this one is n't ever going to be one of them again . HORRIBLE ! Had to undergo another stressful procedure with another product , another waste of money because this product did n't hold up .
 I saw warning hidden in back of instructions only after applying . maybe because it dyes skin extremely well ... returning is n't worth the time .
 if it does n't ship soon I will write the worst rating I can on this one ... So I suggest you change your systems to set a better example not a bad one ...
 I am disappointed . I would give a big fat zero if I could ... My hair was faded light dull red -LRB- from avibrant red -RRB- and thought this would bring some shine/color into it without making it too bright . If anything it made my hair a darker brown with hints of red in the sun ? I am upset . Thank god I only spent $ 4 bc it was in sale . Now to rush out and get my usual brand Feria Power Reds - lesson learned !
 Like honestly wth . I followed all of the instructions and my hair was a very light color to start with . After waiting the appropriate time and washing it off . I was horrified to discover that my hair had turned a grayish blonde ! What do i do now ? What the heck happened . Not buying this again . EVER .
 I am gray/blonde , rather was gray/blonde . Husband bought product for wht he though was a good product name and color . Did color swatch test and seemed okay . Did full head of hair and i now look like carrot top . Color is not true and really looks horrible . Should be removed from marked . Revlon should know better then to keep this line of products in market place . STAY AWAY
 I had had my hair dyed in a salon a dark auburn about a month ago , and they told me despite the fact that auburn is my natural color , the red would fade out and leave the brown there . I tried # 31 because it was a beautiful shade of red that i wanted to bring back into my hair that had faded out , and it looks like it literally just washed right out . My hair barely has any red in it , if anything it looks like a darker brown . And this is n't the first time I used box color , so it 's not like I did n't know what I was doing . Disappointed and wo n't be using Revlon again . Going back to using l'oreal or garnier , which have actually come out to the color they said they 'd be when I 've used them in the past .
 I just colored my light brown hair with this ... carefully made sure it was evenly distributed , etc. . I waited 25 minutes -LRB- probably a little longer -RRB- and washed it out , eagerly anticipating a head of coppery hair like on the box . Was I disappointed . You ca n't even tell that I colored my hair . It seems to have lightened it a half shade , other than that , NO RED/ORANGE color AT ALL . So angry . What a waste of time and money .
 Revlon Colorsilk , Permanent hair colorBrown Black and Dark Brown -LRB- + -RRB- Ammonia Free -LRB- + -RRB- Inexpensive -LRB- + -RRB- Nice looking colors -LRB- + -RRB- Not tested on animals -LRB- - -RRB- Not much conditioner included -LRB- - -RRB- Cheap gloves -LRB- - -RRB- Lots of toxic chemicalsThis was pretty good for the price . And ammonia free means it does n't smell too terrible . The conditioner is good , but you only get enough for one or two treatments . My hair would dry out when I used average conditioner , so buying a good quality conditioner is necessary . Also be careful with the gloves . They are thin and have seams that tear easily . Once I had 2 of my fingernails dyed black . I started using the dark brown color , but switched to brown black -LRB- which is pretty much just black -RRB- , to go darker . Sometimes the dye did n't take as evenly as I would like , but that seems to be common with do-it-yourself box dyes . It 's nice that Revlon is a cruelty-free company . Most of the major labels are not -LRB- like L'oreal & Clairol -RRB- and test their products on animals . I would have recommended this product in the past , but I 've been researching product ingredients lately using the Skin Deep Cosmetic Safety Database & the ingredients for this are not the greatest . Colorsilk is rated a 9-HIGH hazard on a scale of 0-10 . This may work alright , but there are too many toxic chemicals for me to buy again . One ingredient is even listed as a `` possible mutagen '' -LRB- P-Aminophenol -RRB- . Other common toxic dye ingredients are
 This product states that it will take your hair , no matter how dark , to blonde , without any brassiness , which is not true . My hair was a dark brown and it turned out orange .
 I am asian and my hair is naturally black and i 've been using this brand from the Philippines and it works . but somehow , when i tried the US brand , it did n't work on me . maybe the problem is this color or asian hairs are thicker than american .
 I followed the directions exactly . I figured it may be a little darker than the picture because my hair is dark brown . BUT my hair is NOT burgundy . It is more of a brown with a red cast . And not a pretty red cast either . I got it a LOT cheaper in a store . That is the only compliment I can give it . It is cheap and colours iike it is cheap . I will NEVER ever ever use this brand again . Or this color.I do n't recommend this color or this brand frankly . If I had wanted brown hair I would have bought brown dye .
 This brush did n't give me anymore fullness than the brush I already had . I would not recommend this product to anyone for fullness . .
 I am disappointed to say my nails chipped in two days . I bought it because of the great reviews but sad to say it did n't live up to the hype .
 Have thick hair and most bands would take a good deal of hair with it when I took it out . So these promised to hold the hair and no breaking . NOT SO . More damage than the old style . But the shock of it is they are very thin rubber bands . Not worth the price and did not do the job . Tried them on my granddaughter who has very long baby fine but thick hair , worse job on her . Thinking we did something wrong , we tried it again with same results , so instead of breading her hair , I just cut it out and threw the rest of them away.Really lost a lot on that trial , since I bought them in two colors . My hair color and my granddaughters .
 My wife has been using Perhaps for many years and what we got was not real , it was not even close to the Perhaps she just ran out of . This is NO reflection on Amazon , they refunded the money right away , but be careful with this supplier .
 This perfume is just AWFUL ! Smells nothing like freesia.The gift recipient was not impressed . The worst is that it ca n't be returned !
 The seller sent it quickly and well packed . Unfortunately , as it is a discontinued product , I think it must be old , as it had lost the scent . Oh well , lesson learned .
 The item seems completely fake and it smelled not like a creed perfume . I finished returning the two i bought .
 This was my first time ordering from this company and I will not do it again . I placed an order on 12/14 and they still have not shipped my product .
 The original CamoCare Soothing Cream was fantastic ; I was a faithful user . Since they changed the formula , it is awful ! It wo n't absorb on your hands and is very gritty . They have lost a long time customer . I would like to see the old formula brought back !! It worked wonders . Why not sell both formulas ?
 It 's still got the extra strength camomile to calm your skin , but the new base makes my face feel dried out . I now have to use another cream with the Camocare to keep my face from feeling tight . I wo n't buy it again .
 The plastic base at the bottom of the bristles cracked after only a few weeks of use , despite the fact that I never dropped it or abused it . Thus , the bristles started coming out and I had to throw the whole thing away . Do n't waste your money on this brush .
 There is nothign `` wrong '' with the brush but my personal taste is for something a little stiffer . My opinion is that most people would find this brush too soft .
 Bristles fell out within 3 weeks Terrible workmanshipUsed to purchase this but they changed the design Shame.They should of stayed with quality .
 Believe it or not , even a back brush can be faulty ! I bought two of these and the plastic that holds the bristles on both brushes has cracked . I threw the first brush out thinking that it was a fluke but once I started using the second brush the plastic began to crack as well . So much so that the plastic that cracked fell off and scratched my back . I am just glad that I do not have a huge cut . This is obviously a faulty production and the vendor is trying to dump them . Amazon should not be selling this product !
 This has to be the most poorly , cheaply made body brush ever created . Could n't wait for it to get here so I could take a good shower . So I jumped in the shower right after it arrived . I was n't even in there 5 minutes when the entire face of the brush began to crack and the bristles started all falling out . Unbelievable . Save yourself the time and money and invest in something that might actually last a while . And , by the way , if anyone does know of a good body brush , I 'm all ears because it looks like all the ones offered on Amazon are poorly rated .
 Within a week , the plastic that holds the bristles cracked , and it has lost half of it 's bristles . Cheaple fabricated , probably in China .
 It was nice while it lasted . It material that holds the bristles cracked and the bristles started coming out rendering this useless in just two weeks . Avoid this !
 Feb 7th 2012 : The brush is wooden which is nice and the bristles are on a plastic piece . There is a slight curve to the angle of the handle and the length is just right to reach everywhere . Now , for some the bristles on this might hurt - they are a bit stiff and pointy . I like it , it feels good and exfoliates well . Lather it up with some body wash and your back will love it . Get a good scrub and clean feeling - just what I needed . Oh , and there is a nice loop on the end so I can hang it to dry.REVISED :12 / 30/12 - one year later with very light use if any the bristles are falling off and the plastic cracked - see my pictures posted . This brush is going in the trash -
 I just touched this brush with my fingers and thought `` how could anyone use this to bathe with ? ''
 This product was shipped to me after it had been open and possibly used . The quality of the product was n't comprised but it was n't sanitary . It was n't listed as having been previously opened .
 this mask did n't make me happy at all ! The chenille cover instead of being soft is too thick so does n't allow the cold or heat pass trough it ! Actually I 'd rather use the gel pack directly into my eyes ! ... wasted money !
 The chenille cover is very soft and nice to the touch , however , it does not allow for the cold from the gelpack to penetrate.The 1 star rating is only for using this product as a cold pack . I had intended to use it as a cold mask only .
 This sponge is so small it 's hardly worth the price . I would n't order it again .
 The scrub I received is non - foaming , has absolutely no scent and is impossible to get out of the bottle . Buyer beware .
 This item must have been returned from sales sites as the color is off and the texture too oily . Not at all the quality of product I 've bought for years . Sorry , I was disappointed also .
 This was the old blue and gold version that retired YEARS before they changed it to black packaging . They showed the black packaging in the picture so I assumed that 's what it was . Seller did offer a refund if I shipped it back but not worth the shipping charges or taking time off work because of their bad business . This makeup was so old and awful my face broke out !
 First , while the product arrived very quickly , the bottle was damaged inside of it 's box and had leaked . What a mess . Should have returned it , but decided it was too much trouble . Than fragrance was so strong I had to put it in one of the guest bathrooms , with the door closed .
 Nothing else compares !!! Does anyone know why they discontinued it ??? It was a Very sad day when I could n't find it anywhere !
 Seller uses bait and switch on this product . The single tube price of $ 5.99 becomes unavailable at check out and what remains as your only option is a ` bundle of three ' pricing for $ 25.99 . But this is the clincher ... . There is no ` bundle of three ' Buyer will be sent three individually packaged tubes of mascara at the higher ` bundle of three ' price . Should you contact the seller , you will be told that the single priced packages just fly out of stock faster than they can be replenished . But then how can they send 3 individual packages of mascara at the higher ` bundle of three ' pricing ? Seller is very courteous when contacted but you 'll never get an answer to the mystery .
 Vitabath for many years offered a first-class product and even as recently as last year the quality was high . But in 2012 something changed , and for the same high price , they began offering an inferior product . Now the Vitabath gel that I received was a thin , light green -LRB- instead of thick and dark-greened -RRB- gel for the same price . After using Vitabath for years I will no longer purchase this bath gel .
 This product delivered was not what was advertised . It is a watered down version of the full strength product . Even the pump that was in the picture was not functional . I would be very careful purchasing anything from this vendor . It is an imitation - and not a good one at that !
 I had a sample of this many years ago and I thought it smelled wonderful , but it is expensive . Now that I can afford it , I decided to treat myself.Well , it did not smell wonderful at all . The smell was so disagreeable , I could n't use it . What Happened ? Did you change the formula , or is it me ?
 I used this productyears ago.Forgot the name and finally foundyou on Amazon.Loved the frangrance and now inmy new smaller home at the edge ofthe woods - I will not have a ringaround the tub from this hard water : -RRB-
 The pine scent of this gel is too strong for me . I guess it reminds me of dog shampoo . I threw it out .
 This stuff smells like brut or musk . Not my style , it smells like my great uncle earle after he shaves .
 The product was NOT what I ordered but I did receive full refund right away and kept the product but have no use for it . Situation completely resolved without problem .
 Did n't smell anything like the original Aqua di Parma I 'd had for years . Was so strong and offensive , I threw it out .
 I used this perfume back in the 70 's , and loved it then . I STILL LOVE IT !! IT IS ONE OF THOSE PERFUMES THAT YOU DON `` T HAVE TO BE `` IN THE MOOD FOR '' . IT IS VERY EASY ON THE SENSES .
 Not received as advertised . Told by customer service that complete description was available if I had clicked the pic . Do n't think so . Finally after some time and discussion was told the correct item would be shipped . After no notification for two weeks , called again . Told that it was out of stock and my refund check would be sent . Over a week and no refund check . Bought the product at Ulta in Sac for same price once shipping was added . First disappointing transaction in years .
 I ordered the 1.7 EDP . Was sent the 3.4 EDT . Very dissapointed . If I would have wanted the EDT I could have gotten it for much cheaper from a different seller . I wanted the EDP because it is stronger . I did not bother to send back because I had been waiting for it , and did n't want to have to wait a few weeks longer .
 Quality of this brand I used in Europe was a lot different -LRB- much better -RRB- that the one I purchased from this place . It 's only the name with no charm .
 I did not like this lip gloss at all . It was heavy , sticky , and uncomfortable to wear . On a windy day my hair would blow and stick to my lips - that 's how bad this is . Nice scent , pretty color but the consistency was terrible .
 Product received was not unscented as advertised , but is scented . Seller refused to help claiming that they had shipped me unscented . I then contacted manufacturer and discovered that the UPC code for the listed product -LRB- 022400150932 -RRB- is DIFFERENT from the UPC code for their unscented product -LRB- 022400150963 -RRB- . The label is also a different color and should clearly state UNSCENTED , which this product did not . As seller was unresponsive after 6 + attempts in 5 days , I successfully disputed the charge with my credit card company . So if you are allergic to fragrances like me , beware that this product is SCENTED .
 When cutting my own hair , these clippers got too hot to hold way too fast and I began to see smoke coming from them as I was cutting my hair
 During the first hair cut , the clippers started SMOKING . I immediately unplugged it and unscrewed the cover to find the plastic pieces melting into the wires . Not even returning it , threw it promptly in the trash . I would n't even give it one star , but I digress .
 I bought one of this `` Andis 19-pc . Clipper Set '' and it does n't last a year before -LRB- in spite of all my cares -RRB- it literally break into pieces ... !!! although I used to use this Clipper once or twice a month . All the key structure and mechanism pieces are too weak and have too many weak spots ! It also have the worst blade `` adjusting '' system possible which is almost IMPOSSIBLE to adjust so it works always not align ... I will never buy Clippers or any ANDIS product again ... they seems to be made for been quickly disposable !!! and NOT RECOMMEND AT ALL this or any other ANDIS Clipper !!!
 Seemed like a good deal . 1st haircut went fine but during the 2nd haircut the upper cutting blade flew off ??? No one was hurt but this could have been dangerous . Instead of trying to get a refund I just threw it in the trash . Not a good experience .
 After only 2 uses these clippers feel as thought they are years old . They pull out your hair rather than cut it . Would not recommend .
 This hair dryer does not balance well when placed on a table or desk and will easily tip over if unattended . This problem comes for the first time after using the Hot Tools label over the past 25 years .
 I tried this cucumber soap because I read that cucumber is good for dry skin , which I have . But I 'm sorry to say that not only did this particular soap not help my dry skin , it actually made the condition worse . I thought maybe it was some other ingredient in the soap drying me out so I gave Lever Aloe & Cucumber bar soap a try because Aloe is touted for being so good for skin and , wow , it got rid of my dryness and my skin is turning supple . So if you 're looking for something for dry skin , Aloe is the way to go .
 I should have bought in the stores , it 's cheaper and I was n't a fan of the soft black . I like very black , thick lashes so this is only a good fit for someone wanting to do a simple daytime look . The mascara does n't stay on long and my lashes feel oily with it on .
 I like that this mascara has a curved brush because I get more coverage in one swoop and can reach the lashes in the corners easier . But the problem is there is too much mascara being left on the brush when I pull it out of the container . It leaves clumps of mascara on my lashes . The opening is too big to remove the excess . I tried this product a few years ago and thought it would have improved my now , but still the same problem .
 I HAVE ORDERED THIS PRODUCT BEFORE , FROM ANOTHER SELLER.EVEN THOUGH THERE IS A 2017 DATE , ON WRAPPER , WHICH APPEARS TO BE AN EXPIRATION DATE , THIS BAR OF SOAP , USED FOR THE FIRST TIME , HAD NO SUDSING ACTION , & MINIMAL FRAGRANCE , UNLIKE PAST PRODUCT USAGE .
 This is not a 6 pack ... only one bar of soap comes . Definitely disappointed with that false information . The soap itself is amazing , however .
 Icky , Icky , Icky.I received this soap as a gift and it was nasty . The best thing I can say is that it melted quickly in the tub .
 I love the smell of lemongrass but this was a little overwhelming and the soap seemed to dissolve away to quickly . Lathered up nice and left skin feeling good but fragrance was to strong for me .
 well i wasnt happy with this product but thats me i didnt like the way it smelled , but i wouldnt say not to buy it cuz someone else might love it but it smell like roses to me to much
 How can you make a wet to dry steam iron that you ca n't put water into ... nor can your hair be wet when you use it ? If by steam they mean the steam that comes from anything you plug in and reaches a certain temp , then how is this different from any other flat iron ? It does get hot pretty quickly and have high settings but other than that there 's nothing special about this iron . It was cheap though so I guess you get what you pay for . I would have been better off paying a little more for a better iron. : -LRB-
 THIS PRODUCT WAS HORRIBLE ! THE HENNA PASTE DRIED BUT NO COLOR OR STAINING WAS LEFT ON THE SKIN . THE PRODUCT WAS MANUFACTURED IN 2007 AND EXPIRED IN JAN. 2010 ! I EMAILED COMPANY , HOPEFULLY THEY WILL MAKE IT RIGHT ! DO N'T RECOMMEND !
 I HAVE ORDERED THIS PRODUCT BEFORE , FROM ANOTHER SELLER.EVEN THOUGH THERE IS A 2017 DATE , ON WRAPPER , WHICH APPEARS TO BE AN EXPIRATION DATE , THIS BAR OF SOAP , USED FOR THE FIRST TIME , HAD NO SUDSING ACTION , & MINIMAL FRAGRANCE , UNLIKE PAST PRODUCT USAGE .
 This is not a 6 pack ... only one bar of soap comes . Definitely disappointed with that false information . The soap itself is amazing , however .
 Icky , Icky , Icky.I received this soap as a gift and it was nasty . The best thing I can say is that it melted quickly in the tub .
 I love the smell of lemongrass but this was a little overwhelming and the soap seemed to dissolve away to quickly . Lathered up nice and left skin feeling good but fragrance was to strong for me .
 Wo n't even try the lotion to see if it works because the smell is extremely unappealing . Do n't do it folks !
 This size is so tiny , and for the money noway worth itWHY does Amazon list also this SAME stuff as 32OZ , BUT , oh gee , its not avail , and It has not been for months as I have checked backI used to buy this all the time from Costco but not a member anymore.and you can NOT find the 32oz bottle anywhere . But I know Costco still has this Citrus as I called them the other day
 This Black Hair product did not cover my wife 's Gray Hair at all ... It did , however turn her Gary Hair a nice bright coppery orange ...
 Please do n't waste your money . This product if horrible . This product says 2 bags , it actually means that they 're are two bags of product to use in one session . It takes alot of time to use this product . Over 4 hours . You apply the first bag of product and time it , then rinse it , and apply the other bag of henna , time it , and rinse . It claims to cover grey . It only tints it slightly . But you do n't read this until you get the product and its in the instructions . Nothing wrong with the seller or their service .
 I was excited to see that you could achieve a brown color with a henna product . Or so I thought . The information on the web site does n't contain important points that would enable you to make an informed decision to purchase this product . There is a very detailed color chart included with the product that is not provided on the web site . This would be the first step in making an informed decision to purchase . The color chart revealed that in fact , this product will not produce light brown results , but a variety of reddish tones.The web site also does n't explain the lengthy , cumbersome , messy and complicated process involved in actually using the product . Well at least I think it is all those things , because frankly I wo n't even be trying the product based upon the instructions . It was n't that expensive so it is not worth it to return it , but I hope that better information is provided in the future to avoid someone else having a disappointing purchase experience .
 These are the least user friendly product I ever purchased . One end has a little hook , the other end is pointy , and the fasteners are so difficult to use that even my hairdresser could n't put them in my hair . Do n't waste your money .
 Hard plastic curlers with pokey ends , do n't even think about wearing them to bed . You need a third hand to put the fasteners on . A complete waste of money and time , I could n't even ship them back because it cost as much as the curlers themselves .
 This product is going in the trash . It is almost like a cold cream and does n't even wash off a water based mascara . Partway through the day my face became so greasy it was affecting my vision - a greasy film transferring from my face to my eyes . Yuck !!
 I was reading the reviews and noticed that most are actually for a different neutrogena product . The extra gentle cleanser is very gentle , but it does n't clean very well , I use it before swimming and noticed , after leaving the pool , that i still had big mascara stains under my eyes . I am still looking for a good cleanser for dry/sensitive skin that foams and that I can use with water . This is not the one .
 I thought this products was going to do well But this product did not get all of my make up off and it does n't moisturize my skin . My skin gets really dry after washing my face and I was hoping this product would help but it really did n't . I feel as though I 've wasted money on this product . I will not purchase this item again .
 Typical -- be the best product out there , kill the competition , then change the product to a far inferior -LRB- but cheaper to produce -RRB- version . Almay makeup remover pads are no longer super soft cotton , but some kind of synthetic , scratchy material . I refuse to use them -- God knows what I 'd be doing to my skin .
 Almay make-up remover towelette like wipes are much better than these Almay pads . These pads irritated my eyes because they are scratchy and they have soooooo much oil on them . One word
 It worked to get make up off , but left me feeling like I rubbed a bottle of vegetable oil all over my face .
 I cant even use these , they are so saturated i cant even use them . I now have to use a cotton ball along with these pads .
 these pads are the worst ! they pull out my lashes and do n't remove liner or mascara .
 I normally use a different version of the product . The purple one which I am thinking is oil-free or something because I bought these at the store since it was all there was and they are DISGUSTING . I am surprised no one else has commented about this . It makes everything all oily . It removes the makeup great but makes me want to vom with all the oil on my fingers and face . Do you like to rub oil on your eyes ? BlehI am going to see if CVS will take it back !
 I normally use the oil-free version of this product but I decided to give this one a try . First of all it took over three weeks to arrive , which is unusual for something coming from Amazon . When I opened it the pads were rough and dry but still somehow soaked with oil . After removing my eye makeup with it there was an oil slick under my eyes that was still there when I woke up the next morning . Over the course of the day my mascara transferred under my eyes until I looked like a raccoon because my skin was so oily , which has never happened before . I tried them for about three days and then just gave up and threw the rest of them away because my whole face was oilier than it had ever been before . Just stick with the oil-free ones .
 This lotion appears to be a fabulous consistency , but it seems to be all it has going for it . The SPF and fragrance are a bit potent . The most disappointing part of this lotion is the extremely oily feel it leaves on your face . Itdoes not absorb well and stays very sticky . Do not attempt to put makeup on over it either . As a neutrogena loyalist , this product makes me sad .
 The skin at the outer area of my eye is inflamed - ca n't find anything on the net to explain it - Plan to see dermo asap . But I am through with AHA products . Never thought I had sensitive skin but as I age I find I prefer to be comfortable as opposed to younger looking if those are only 2 options - do not like pain and redness near my eyes - also my eylids feel like there are needles , albiet lightly poking them . I did n't use the product there but assume it made it 's way there due to gravity . So if you are over 55 and find any irritation , I say , toss it . The regular non AHA nutrogena is better for moisturizing .
 BURNED HORRIBLY ! Left my skin feeling dry and chapped . Used it only at night and the effects did not go away for days after use .
 I love neutrogena products , both the facial cleansers plus foundations , but do n't use this one . It hurt so bad . I woke during the night to what felt like a chapped face . It burns so bad still from using it the last 2 or 3 nights . Maybe using it once a week during the summer months would be ok , but no way in the winter months with the dry heat . I am a 47 yr old woman and this is just to rough for me . I need rehydration fast .
 I normally use neutrogena products and they do wonders for my skin but this stuff ... not so much!I do n't normally put moisturizer on my face because my skin is a little oily but i only used this stuff twice and it dried out my skin so bad that vie had to put lotion on four times a day for the last three days and my skin still feels super dry and kind of like what heat ask feels like !! I would n't recommend this particular product to anyone !
 I used this product for a week , my skin ended up extremely dry and burning . It took a good week for my skin to return to normal . I would not recommend this to people that have sensative skin
 I frequently use Neutrogena products but this was my first time using the deep cleansing wash . I was very disappointed with this product . When applied to my face , it took much rubbing and applying more and more soap from the pump to make a sufficient lather . When thoroughly rinsed , it felt like there was a still layer of film on my face . Therefore , it did n't feel clean enough . The pump was very convenient though , less mess . If you like Neutrogena products , I would stay away from this one . Their bars of soap are much better .
 I order 4 of this and they come in plastic bag , which is needless to say some of them is leaking . I would have think they would come in a box instead of plastic bag , which look like they were package manually and individual .
 I bought this to clear up some clogged pores on my forehead . I used it every day for 2 months and the problem only seemed to get worse . Once I stopped using this my forehead was cleared up within a week , not sure what would have happened if I never used this at all but if it only works when u stop using it then it is a bad product ... lol
 I decided I wanted to try a new facial soap because I was starting to get small acne breakouts . After reading all the great reviews here and my past good experience with Neutrogena products , I thought I would give this a try . The first time I tried it , I felt a burning sensation . My face did feel relatively clean afterwards , but nothing special . The next day I had a big breakout and decided not to use it again.I did some reading and many said it took some time to make the adjustment to different soaps sometimes , so I gave it another go . I thought using it twice a day for a week would be a good trial . The burning sensation when I used it never went away in that timeframe and my face not only became noticeably red , but I started getting painful pimples and whiteheads like I have n't experienced since I was a teenager.I 'm not saying it 's a bad product , as many people here attest to it being great for them , but I believe I gave it a fair shake and it was a bad experience . I still use other Neutrogena products , just not this one .
 It 's not that I did n't like this product , but I had a pretty severe allergic reaction to it . I was very surprised since I have used Neutrogena products most of my adult life .
 I 've always trusted Neutrogena 's products . So when I was having more than average acne and I wanted to try something different than my Aveeno cleanser -LRB- which I really recommend -RRB- I turned to the brand . However , after only a week and a half using the product I saw the effects - not good . My skin along my laugh lines , around my nose and chin was peeling off and leaving my skin unevenly toned . I stopped using it a week ago and the effects are still visible . I have only moderately sensitive skin and products very rarely manifest any real reactions other than dryness in my skin . Furthermore , in terms of product quality I found it to be also sorely lacking . That nice lather that should happen in a product like this never manifested without insane amounts of water . It left my skin very dry and required me to really slather on the mosturizer . If you have skin that can take anything use it , but if your skin can get irritated and dried out moderately easily you may want to find a less harsh product .
 I purchased this moisturizer at CVS after trying neutrogena Ultra sheer liquid dauly sun protection which , by the way , is amazing . I 'm so so dassapointed in this oil free moisturizer , the reasons are
 Product did not work too well for me . Left my face very dry and caused it to peel . I could have lived with it since I use a facial cream after cleansing , but the Menthol in the product was unbearable . My face kept feeling like it was burning and it was n't pleasant . As soon as I applied this product I had to rinse it off immeditately as to minimize the effects of the Menthol and pray it got nowhere near my eyes . I have since switch over to Neutrogena 's Grapefruit cleanser and have been having excellent results after only 3 days of use . I actually no longer need to use a facial cream after using it !
 This product is the worst product I 've ever tried from Neutrogena . I love Neutrogena Liquid or Solid Facial Cleaning Formula
 I like this cleanser , it feels good , is reasonably priced , and seems to clean well . The problem I have with it is that it has salicylic acid , which for some reason actually makes me break out . For this reason I had to stop using it .
 The Neutrogena Oil Free Deep Clean Cream Cleanser does a good job of deeply cleansing your face . You do n't need alot and it feels nice on the skin UNTILL the menthol kicks in . This is the ingrediant to have a `` refresheing `` feeling . To me , my skin did not like the menthol ingrediant and irritated my face . Also the scent of the menthol is not pleasant to me . The cream cleanser did not dry out my skin and if not for the menthol I would have continued to use this product . I guess I should have looked at the ingrediants on the back before I purchased this product . We as consumers need to be informed with the necessary information in order to make the best purchasing decision for ourselves and our families.I gave this product two stars due to the menthol in this product.Susan , Omaha , NE
 This product did n't work on my hair . I have fine , blond hair and it looked very oily on my hair . It seemed to lie on top of my hair like an oily coating . I used it only twice and then did n't use it again.Fekkai Advanced Brilliant Glossing Sheer Shine Mist
 It 's too bad that I can not find out the effectiveness of the product , because I can not get pass its strong fragrance .
 This product went on smoothly and had a light , pleasant scent . However , its coverage was so light that I could n't see any difference after applying it . It 's too expensive to use as a moisturizer . Also , I 'd prefer a higher SPF than six .
 This product went on smoothly and had a light , pleasant scent . However , its coverage was so light that I could n't see any difference after applying it . It 's too expensive to use as a moisturizer . Also , I 'd prefer a higher SPF than six .
 I personally love this fragrance , unfortunately I think I might 've bought a knock off ! I have one at home and need no more than 3 sprays -LRB- wrists , and neck -RRB- to last the wole day . My mom loved it and so I bought it for Christmas . It wears off very quickly and is not that potent . It 's the exact same product except the one I have is from overstock , not too sure what the difference could be but it was very embarassing to give a gift that noticeably gave different results other than what was expected . I love Amazon and they 've never disappointed me before , but this was totally unexpected .
 Sadly the perfume was a fake ! Could tell as soon as I opened the package and the color was wrong ! The smell was too strong and I sent it back immediately ! Really disappointed since I had success in the past . Do n't think I will try again .
 I ordered two bottles . They were both bad , they sent expired product and I had to ship back/insured to receive refund .
 I am not really impressed . I loved the powder but it makes me breakout so I opt for this . I did not know at the time it was mineral oil . The oil reminds me of water because its than . Dont be food by the color because thats dye . Just not worth it . Go to a market and get some amla or gooseberries then dry them out in the sun . get some coconut oil and put the amla in it on the stove on low heat for 2 hours wy ... la Amla natural oil .
 Wet n ' Wild had been my old standby for years . Many , many years . No. 666 was all that was ever on my lips . Just the right consistency - went on smooth and easy but not loose , gloppy or greasy.Well , finally , you get what you pay for . I do n't know what happened - I guess they changed their formula . Now , the tip is hard as a rock , with almost no color coming off . I tried burning the tip to soften it , but that made it a mess , which then hardened right up.I bought another one , hoping I 'd just gotten a lemon . I had n't . So sad to see a great thing become more rubbish for the landfills .
 breaks all the time , and you rarely sharpen it . and when you DO sharpen it , the actual liner breaks again and your just scraping sharp wood on your eye . PLUS it goes on very light , so you would have to do many coats of it .
 I actually love this eyeliner . It 's a basic black that 's easy to use . I 'm giving it one star because it only costs $ 1 at Target . I do n't know why it 's so expensive here . If you want to spend $ 5 on eyeliner , there are plenty of other options .
 Average eyeliner , nothing out of the ordinary.I do n't have any good or bad opinion on it as this works same as any other eyeliner I 've picked up from a local drug store .
 This product was not as amazing as I had expected . It does n't tan you very well , and when you get out of the tanning bed , all you want to do is take a bath because you smell like burnt coffee . . YUCK ! After you use it a while , you do n't smell it as much , but EVERYONE ELSE does ! My Mom tells me that it makes me smell like burnt plastic even after a bath . I have used $ 8.00 lotions that worked and smelled MUCH better ! I Would not recommend it to my friends . .
 Product not as good as i thought it would be . Selle was excellent to deal with fast delivery
 I have used this makeup that was purchased from another store and I love the Bare Minerals powder , but I ordered this same makeup from CT Beauty on Sept. 14 , 2012 and I NEVER received it !! Today is Oct. 16 , 2012 . The makeup itself is nice , so I would recommend it to anyone who want a nice , even skin tone without the heavy look of makeup , but I am highly disappointed with the company from which I ordered it from !!
 I used to use the original Bare Minerals , it covered well but it was too shiny . It did n't help that I have an oily T-zone . When I saw this product I thought it would be great since it 's for oily skin , but I was wrong ... so wrong . After about an hour , the makeup `` slides '' off of my nose and chin and clumps up , leaving bare spots . So of course I have to reapply to those areas , but it looks horrible since it 's all clumped . There is no `` smoothing '' it back out . I ordered the fair shade but it 's still too dark for me . This matte version does not cover well at all . I 've tired with just the matte makeup , using with the Bare Minerals primer , and with concealer , but it still does n't cover the redness on my skin . Oh , and if you have even the smallest wrinkles , it will cause them to stand out horribly . I will never waste my money on any of these products ever again .
 I have used this foundation for years and was excited to find it on Amazon since I 'm a Prime member and could get it fast with my free two-day shipping . The product is new in the box , but it expired in November of 2011 . I just ordered it now in May of 2012 . Since I do n't want to hassle with returning it , I am keeping it , but am disappointed that they did n't say anything about it being expired and that I had to pay full price -LRB- what I would have payed for it in the store -RRB- for an expired item .
 Apparent Chinese knock off . Container smaller than those purchased at Sephora ... and container appeared altered in some fashion ... less product in container that should be expected , even though container was some &#34; odd &#34; size . I 'll stick to purchasing directly form the store from now on .
 I have been a customer of this product for several years . This is first time I bought off amazon . I get the same color every time . This color was off . . it was not the same that I bought in the store . . it is darker . . which gave me an orange tint . Not sure why ... unless this is where they sell not to par products . Other than that Bare Essentials is a great product . BUY IT ... but maybe you should buy it at a local store .
 It would have been great except that I was sent the wrong color , and of course it was n't noticeable until I had already opened it , so it was $ 20.00 down the drain !!!
 This buffing block is too large , bulky and awkward . It 's difficult to reach all the areas of my nail in a uniform fashion . I 've used other buffing blocks , and I feel this one is of very poor quality and does a very poor job . I would n't recommend this product to anyone .
 Really did n't find it much use , sorry to say . It has a nice low price , though . So if you 're really crazy about perfect nails , perhaps this would be for you . I just did n't find it of much use . Maybe if you have a lot of ridges in your nails it would be useful .
 The product sanded the ridges out of my nails . I did n't particularly like the shape . It made it harder to get to some parts of the nail . It was a little large . It did n't work any better or worse than any buffer I 've ever used before . I was under the wrong impression of a buffer before I received it . I 'd had a soft nail buffer , which made my nails shiny without sanding the ridges . This made my nails dull . Supposedly the polish goes on better with smooth nails . But the polish I applied did n't stay on any longer than normal . It was nice to have different sides , with different levels of roughness . But I would n't recommend this to friends and family . It did n't really impress me over any other nail buffer .
 I have been using this fragrance for many years ! It 's the type of scent that everyone reacts to , in a positive way . Men follow you and ask you what you are wearing and woman want you to write it down so they can buy it.The 2 bottles that I received were obvioulsy very old . Neither had a scent . You would have thought it was colored water ! I guess I will have to go back to the store and pay more for the product , but at least it will smell like it 's supposed to !
 I ordered 2 bottles of my favorite vanilla/lavender lotion . It took 2 months to arrive with a dozen phone calls and email pleads . They also sent me 8oz size vs the 12oz size that I paid for . No follow up note or anything . Good luck if you order from them .
 After purchasing this from here for $ 55 I discovered many other sights where it is much cheaper . But it does have a great scent .
 I used the original acnefree and felt I needed something a little stronger . As soon as I started using acnefree severe I started seeing results , however after about a week of using it my skin began burning and having dry spots . My skin usually tolerates acne treatments pretty well , but step 3 the day time lotion was just too harsh .
 After reading the reviews on Amazon , I went out to Target and bought this product . It 's been two months now , and my skin has not improved at all . I 'm still breaking out , and even more of my face is covered with acne !
 This was by far the worse acne treatment system . I followed the directions absolutely correcly but it just made my face worse and some days dry and other days greasy . Do n't waste your time , money , or looks ... go with something else .
 I happened upon this product listing and decided to curiously read the reviews because I have used it before myself and it was horrible . If you go in the sun , you ca n't use it ... well , is that to say that you have to live in the deep caves under earth , who never goes in the sun ? Also , despite using it anyway -LRB- and during the winter so there was no issue of sun -RRB- the first time I used it my skin began to smooth but not without an intense and dangerous burning of my skin , I mean 911 burning and my skin dried so much that I had to use healing ointments to soothe it . Then , I shelfed it for a while because I could n't take it but decided that upon my reuse of it , I would not use the entire system mixed because it 's too intense ; I opted to use the wash and only the on the spot treatment and it did not do anything for the acne whatsoever !! So I switched out and used the wash with the lotion that comes in the set with the wash -LRB- the spot treatment is bought seperately by the way -RRB- ... still no results.Then I actually noticed that my skin was having more of a breakout than what I had to begin with ; keep in mind that I do n't have major or even consistent acne issues . For my skin to experience a major breakout because of the product I chose to clear up a small issue , that did it for me . Never again !!
 This product works great in the first few weeks.It got rid of all my acne.Although my face burned , hurt , very dried out , flakey , red . . And after about a month , It no longer works , my acne is getting worse than its ever been in my life.If you want quick results for something i would try this product , but if you want long term results , this is not for you .
 Pros
 My acne has been halted , but my face looks worse than it did before the treatment . Your face will feel like it is on fire !!! I now break out in places where I have never had acne . Very stringent process everyday !
 So I used this product faithfully for 3 months . It worked at first . It started drying my face out and so did a few of the pimples . As I kept using it -LRB- 2 weeks in -RRB- I started getting the really bad , painful under the skin kind of pimples ! I never had those before . My face had less visible pimples but way more painful bumps that were so huge that you really cant cover up with any kind of makeup . I kept using it thinking this would pass but it did n't . I now have deep scars from those humongous pimples that I would n't have gotten had I not used acne free !!
 I 'm 18 and suffer from EXTREMELY bad acne . I have it running all the way down from my forehead to my shoulders , down to my lower back . It 's horrific to take my shirt off . After trying Proactiv and other anti-acne products , I gave up for a year and just tried to bare with it . One day , I came across this product and decided to give it a try since it advertised that it was `` Better than Proactiv '' . I 've been using this consecutively for about 4 weeks now . I 've never missed a day , have put it on morning and night as it instructed . I have n't noticed ANY change whatsoever in my skin . I 'm going to continue using this until I eventually run out . I 'll write another post and say if my skin ever cleared up . -LSB- ... -RSB- . Thanks.Ok , after finishing the entire package , using it morning and night , never missing a day , i 've come to the conclusion that it has n't helped one bit . My skin is exactly the same as it was 2 months ago . This product was a waste of time and money . To anyone who suffers from actual ` severe ' acne , this is n't going to help you at all . I would recommend going to a dermatologist because i 've tried Proactive and several other off the counter treatments and nothing really works .
 So far so good , I can see an improvement of my acne -LRB- under my chin -RRB- using this product , but as I woke up after applying it on my second day I saw my t-shirt on the mirror and its collar was totally bleached !
 So Ive been using this for about three weeks and I havent really seen a change in my face . I have bad acne that comes and goes and when I got this in at the time my face was pretty bad broken out . Though I havent gotten any new brakeouts the ones I already had really havent gotten much better . Im still using it hoping that it might take a few weeks for it to really kick in but I really dont have a whole like ot faith in it now . Oh and whatever you do dont get it near your eyes . I got it just under my eyes and that part of my face was on fire for two days !
 Do NOT waste your money on this ! I am 28 years old and have always had oily/problem skin . The benzoyl peroxide in the face wash and `` day cream '' burn and sting when you apply . Also you ca n't realistically apply the day cream during the day as it leaves a messy white residue on your face . My face never felt clean using this product and I continued to break out . I would use the spot treatment on existing treatments and I would have to say that is the only semi good product they offer
 Usually I can depend on Amazon to provide me with a reliable product when I order directly from them -LRB- and not a third party -RRB- . All AcneFree products were included but the label to the Toner was written in Spanish and English . Random words were Spanish but majority of the wording was in English . Makes me think that this product was purchased from a discount merchant -LRB- like Ross -RRB- and resold for full value on Amazon.Not usually highly disappointed in Amazon , but am this time .
 This stuff broke my skin out ! after about three days it began to peel my skin . I had to stop using it and go back to my other way of clearing my acne , don not buy this stuff >
 I 'm using it for 4 days and my acne is getting worse.I read the reviews before ordering them , I do n't know what these people are talking about but I definitely do not recommend this to anyone .
 My daughter used this product for about three days . Yesterday she started with a rash which then turned into a really bad chemical burn on most of her face ! It did n't really help the acne , her skin looked way better before using this . Now not only does she have the burn , but also patches of dry white flaky skin that will not go away ! I guess if you want to burn a layer of your skin off , this is the product to use . Be very very careful if you use this ! Her face is a hot mess . The burn is very red , rashy , and really painful .
 I orignially used Pro-Active . I am 39 and NEVER got pimples as a teen . I tried pro-active and it worked great . I found AcneFree and it said it worked better and faster than Pro-Active and was less expensive . I tried it and my clear skin -LRB- from using Pro-Active -RRB- broke out in pimples . To be fair , I tried it for a month . My face never got better . I went back to Pro-Active , gave AcneFree to a friend for her son to use and it did n't work on him either.Once again my skin is clear . Pro-Active may cost more , but it is much more effective on my skin.I am not saying that this wo n't work for you , but it DEFINATELY did not work for me or my friend 's 15 year old son ...
 I bought this product for the first time ever and it worked great - my pimples were clearing up and my skin was really soft , so I did n't think that there woulb be a problem purchasing a second shipment . WRONG !!! For some reasin , the second time around , my face got really dry , to the point of itchiness and I was scratching it like crazy !!! Not sure if the items were expired , but I do n't think that i 'll be buyinfg this product again - lack of consistemncy : -LRB-
 Like every other acne product i 've ever tried that did n't work , this was no exception . Product did not help me .
 I recently bought this product online . I used to get one pimple at a time . Hence I thought I need to use a complete system to cleanse , tone and treat my skin . after using this product my chin and cheeks are full of acne . I do n't know where I went wrong . My skin was super itchy and dry in the first two weeks . I accidently applied it around my eyes and next morning my eyelids were swollen up . My skin feels like its burning when I apply this product . If it cleard my acne I would continue to apply the product to the affected areas . but instead I have more acne . So I just bought a local brand acne cream which has 10 % benzoyl peroxide .
 I bought this after reading some reviews and liking the price . But it was a waste of money and did n't make any positive difference for my daughter . It actually dried out her face and almost `` burned '' it . She has switched to ProActive and loves it . I was optimistic it would work , but am disappointed . I wish I could return it and get a refund , but Amazon says no .
 I bought this for my daughter . She tried the cleanser before and it is working fine so I bought the whole system . However , she got allergic reaction and has to stop .
 Okay so I found this product at a local Walmart , and I saw that it said `` BETTER '' than proactive . So in result I picked it up and brought it home . Later on I used it and I regret it . It made my face peel and itch . This product has made me very angry and I urge you all not to buy it . !! You have been warned . : -RRB-
 I 've had acne on and off all my life . I 'm pushing 50 and it 's still part of my life . My Mom 's the same way . Always saw a bottle of Physoderm on the sink growing up . It never fixed her acne , yet she swore by it . The only active ingredient in this product is exactly that . Benzoil Peroxide -LRB- please excuse the spelling -RRB- I am really depressed that I listened to the advertisement on the box , that it was better & faster than Pro Active . I wish I 'd have bought the Pro Active ... $ 20 down the toilet . My acne has gotten worse the first week of using this product . Anyone wan na buy it for $ 10 ? I barely used it , but I forgot to mention how unsettling it was to open a box with a little tab of tape at each end and no seals on the tubes and the under the lid foil on step 4 was part way open and there was no foil under the other three lids . LOVELY . Makes me think the kid packing it decided to sneak into the john and test it out first . Not meant to be funny . I wish I could return it actually . I 'm angryThis is what I bought
 I put it on last night and again this morning . A few minutes later it started stinging around my eyes . When I looked in the mirror and all around my eyes was deep red . I washed it all off as soon as possible . But it still stings and is very red .
 I bought this instead of Proactive , which I have used in the past with good results . While Proactive dried my skin out , it did nothing like this product . I still have just as many breakouts , but now my skin is also dry , peeling and itchy . It also has made my skin red and blotchy . Plus there is No money back garuntee . BAD product , go for Proactive instead .
 I have tried about 100 different products -LRB- including this one -RRB- to treat my acne ... as well as going to 3 different dermatologists and nothing worked . I FINALLY found a product that has worked for me and I 've been telling everyone about it . My sister has started using it as well and her acne cleared up in less than a week . It was crazy . I would n't waste you money on anything else before you try what I 've been using.Just copy the link below into your browser and check out their website . -LRB- I could n't figure out how to put a link in here ?!? -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I ordered this a very long time ago , and still have not received it . On Amazon it was listed in stock , so it was surprising when I received the email about it being delayed . I have since seen it in my local drugstore for the same price . Perhaps when it finally arrives it will be fantastic , but I have been asked to review it now , and this is my experience so far .
 Unfortunately this product did not work for me . I wish I could give a reason as to why , but I can not . What I can tell you is that I have been using it for approx . three months faithfully , only to find that the most it did was transfer my acne colonies in a different direction . Yes , that 's right -- when one colony disappeared , another appeared just slightly n/s/w / e from the original position . It was very frustrating ; I resorted to sleeping in different positions and other potentially helpful measures , but to no avail . Here are the specs of my skin :1 . I have extremely dry skin2 . I have extremely NON-sensitive skin3 . I have acne just about everywhere4 . I rarely go out in the sun5 . I rarely have any stressI have moved on to another skin care regimen that is doing wonders to my face . Let 's hope it does n't just `` re-transfer '' like this one did ! : -RRB-
 I 'm 27 and I have had mild acne for ten years . I have tried other products like ProActice , and prescription drugs and I am regretful to say this product as failed as well . It is extremely potent and after 5 days of use my skin 's texture has completely changes and not for the better ! My skin feels coarse , dry , and flaky.I would n't recommend for mild acne , I would try something a little less extreme . I 'm going back to exposed skin care . I will keep you posted !
 I used this for three months . I was better off before , actually . I have constant breakouts . I would get really strange pimples the likes of which I 've never seen , using this stuff . I got a bunch of cysts , which would get very infected.Maybe you should just go to a dermatologist.Also , benzoyl peroxide should just be used as a spot treatment . Not a lotion . Or else you will prematurely age your skin and it will look like an orange . And you will still have pimples . But if you have so many pimples , maybe the lotion makes sense . Only , this product does n't work for everyone . -LRB- I would say I 'm an 8 out of 10 , as far as `` severity '' goes , with 10 being the most severe acne . -RRB- What is actually helping is this : Wash your face with oatmeal . Just raw oatmeal.Change your sheets.Scrub with baking soda.I know you 're going to pick at your face , but try not to . If you 're going to , then first try applying a heated spoon to your zit . -LRB- Do n't burn yourself . -RRB- Then apply lemon juice . This shrinks your pores as well.Leave used teabags on your zits.Eat lots of coconut oil.Put coconut oil on your face at night.Mess around with these things until you find a combo that 's right for you . Your skin looks better , like , instantly , and it just keeps getting better . But be careful because all that scrubbing can irritate your skin . I 'm still not 100 % clear , but people compliment me on my skin.Or , just see a dermatologist .
 do not use this product has a safety recall from all walmart stores i work there and had to take them off the shelves
 I bought this for my sister because nothing else has worked for her . This started to work and her acne was clearing up but then it just stopped working and all of her acne came back . YES , She was still using it the same . Do n't know what the issue was , however I 'm upset I lost money over another failing product .
 I was really hoping for something that would work , but unfortunately , this set up is complicated , and after all that , just does n't work . It did dry my face out , however .
 I have suffered with mild acne since I have graduated high school . Once I started breaking out , I began using the original acnefree kit . It made my skins worse , but I still gave it a try . Now that my acne became severe , I decided to go a step up and get this product . This product has left me with red skin , bad acne , and more acne scars . To add up , the only this product has done is bleach my hair and clothes . this product smells really bad ! Dont get this product expecting hope , cuz i bet these positive comments about it are from paid spokespeople .
 I had very high hopes for this product , as I know many other users did . This stuff actually seem to make my acne worse . It was more `` severe '' on my skin , and did n't help my severe acne . : -LRB-
 I stumbled upon AcneFree Severe because Clean n ' Clear Advantage was out of stock -LRB- which , by the way , worked to a point then became completely ineffective -RRB- . I wanted to give my skin a break from ProActiv , which I have been using for about 7 years and was working , but I think my skin started to become immune to it . I figured that if it worked , I would just make the switch , especially since it was only $ 20 and some change . WELL ... so much for that !!! After 3 days , I had to stop using it because 1 -RRB- the smell was HORRIBLE , 2 -RRB- it made my skin feel like sandpaper , and 3 -RRB- the lotion was soo thick , heavy , and gritty and left a white residue on my dark complexion . I would NOT recommend this product , especially if you plan to wear some sort of concealer or make-up ; the lotion does NOT leave your skin smooth . Also , make sure your skin condition is indeed severe ; that may be why it did n't work so well for me .
 For the first two weeks of diligent use , my acne became worse . However , I continued using it because what a lot of acne medications do first is bring all impurities to the surface as part of ridding your acne . My skin did improve , but by the time the bottles were nearly empty and six weeks had gone by , my skin was exactly the same as when I started the system . This product did n't do anything for me except waste my time . Right now , I am trying Proactiv , and just by comparing both system 's ingredients I have a feeling that their `` Better than Proactiv '' statement is false . I will write my review for Proactiv within the next few weeks .
 Used as directed and did not see a change , just made my skin very dry .
 NEVER , NEVER AGAIN will I usse ANY Garnier products . I used the coloring foam , followed the instructions perfectly & guess what ? HALF OF MY HAIR FELL OUT BY THE HANDFULL . My beauty routine has been exactly the same before and after coloring my hair . The only variable is this hair color . I am just livid . What 's left is broken off and the consistancy is like straw . When I contacted the company all they offered me was a hot oil treatment for no more than twenty five dollars . I offered to send them before and after pictures and they refused to look at them . The color was ok but lasted for less than eight shampoos . Do yourself a favor & stay away from this brand . It may work fine today but it 's like this . The dog chases the cat , the dog chases the cat , the dog chases the cat the dog catches the cat & your hair is a disaster . I 'm going to have to get a short haircut . And I look like a pinhead in short hair . Stay far , far away from this company & their awful products .
 I am a natural dirty blonde , and I wanted to go lighter . I tried this product , and my hair turned bright yellow . I had to rush to the salon to get it fixed
 I had heard about this product for years , and finally decided to spring for it . I have facial scars , and freckles , and wanted a sweat-proof , water-proof foundation . This claimed to be waterproof , sweat proof , and wo n't rub off , but it rubs off like crazy , leaving a funny looking texture where it does n't . Definitely not sweat proof ! The powder only makes it worse , so when you sweat , you get powder lines all over your face from the areas it 's sweated off . I 've read all the application tips , and have been following the directions to the best of my abilities !! I was just very disappointed by this product , and wish i would have kept the reciept ! I bought mine straight from the cm-beauty website . The concealer is no better ! I was really hoping to be able to go out in the sun , or somewhere on a warm day , and have my make-up stay nice looking . Very , very disappointed.However , if you only need it for scars on areas that do n't sweat much , like your cheeks , or nose , this would probably be a good `` spot '' product , but not for all over your face . The `` face magic '' is easier to apply , but also thinner , has less coverage , and only claims to be water-resistant . I just hope this helps someone before they go out and spend a ton buying the whole line !!
 this product offers a 21 days $ back garuantee , so i thought why not ? so i gave it a try , it took amazon 9 days to ship it -LRB- along with some other stuff -RRB- and i was left with 12 days to try it . first week , you have to put it on 3X a day , second week , 2X a day . and finally you apply it once a day afterwards . After using it faithfully for the first two weeks , i do n't see resutls at all ! kindda annoyed cuz it 's so troublesome . now i 'm completely done with two tubes of lotion , but i still do n't see any results . maybe results are different for everyone , but this product does n't work for me .
 i found this make up too thick dry and pasty , and left a grainy texture and not even coverage on my face .
 It was hard as a rock & totally unuseable . Reordered face magic which I really love , I have used it before .
 I used this for weeks in the middle of summer -LRB- the worst time for my oily skin -RRB- and could tell no difference in oiliness whatsoever . Disappointed .
 It does n't work : -LRB- Had to buy a universal converter as well.The handle heats up but not the iron itself . very frustrating .
 I got this for my daughter and it does not get hot enough . It never gets hot enough to put curl in our hair . A disappointment .
 I was very disappointed with this curling iron . Because of the shape , size , and smoothness of the handle , I am unable to get a good grip , and it slips from my grasp when turning it . I have to hold onto the tip of the iron to help turn it and to keep from dropping it , but because the tip is too small to hold onto , I sometimes burn my fingers . I would not recommend this product .
 I have been wearing this perfume for many years . I have the suspicion that this one is not like the ones I was buying from the perfume shop . I 'm not sure about it but something in the smell of it seems different .
 mine broke at the handle part , the mirror is really just a reflective film , so if you break it and bubbles get under the film it 's impossible to see your reflection .
 This make-up is cakey , does not cover as well as promised , & even with the `` setting powder '' it looks horrible after an hour or so . It is NOT worth the money at all . Honestly , the powder I bought separately works phenomenal with my $ 6 Max-Factor Pan Stick I bought on eBay . Do n't waste your money with this product if you have acne , wrinkles , dry skin , or any other type of skin that does n't have an absolutely smooth surface . You will not like the result . Also , if you have to touch your face for any reason , be prepared to wash your hands a lot because the make-up comes right off in an oily mess on your fingers .
 I 've used other products from Sexy Hair Concepts that I liked so I thought I would like this one too . I already have stick straight hair but I just wanted a nice shampoo so I ca n't really comment on whether or not this would make your hair straighter.As a shampoo , it was mediocre . It was okay but it did n't smell good and I do n't feel like it really cleaned my hair that well . I feel like it made my hair feel thicker but in a dry way that left my hair feeling like hay .
 This product is n't bad in terms of effectiveness , but its strong and NAUSEATING SMELL literally made me gag . It smells sickeningly sweet like a pound of saccharine or something . What the heck were the manufacturers thinking when they think that this is an ok smell to put on one 's face ?! Sigh , I still have 3 jars left ... I have only put this on my hands so far because I ca n't stand the smell .
 Maybe its because my skin is a little oily , but this product did NOT stay on my lashes at all - within 2 hours it was all underneath my eyes and looking awful . To add insult to injury , it is nearly impossible to remove from the skin without really scrubbing that delicate area under the eyes . I HATED this mascara.However , I must give credit to Almay as a company ! They make a lot of other products that I like -LRB- the long-lasting eyeliner is amazing , and I ca n't live without the Bright Eyes cream shadow -RRB- , so I wrote to them and told them about the problems I 'd had with this one . They asked me to send the mascara back to them , and in return they mailed me a gift certificate so I can buy something else I 'd like better ! 5 stars for Almay customer service !
 The quality of the items in this gift set are terrible . The food is just awful -- even my kids wouldnt eat the cookies . The spa items had no scent . Better to spend the money on a small gift set from a better known company .
 The products included in this basket had no scent whatsoever . The box was taped together and falling apart . I was very disappointed in the extremely bad quality of this product .
 beautiful but it is not a good idea putting soap and cookies in a box.After a white cookies taste like soap !
 I received this as a gift . How could I tell my friend , who kindly sent it but could not see it , that it was so CHEAP looking . the body care products smell terrible and the quality is so cheap . One of the bottles was actually open . The cookies were dry . The tea was bitter . A terrible nightmare . What a double disappointment - to open this on my birthday morning , and then to try not to disappoint my friend when she called to ask if I had liked it . DO N'T buy this !!
 I received a deluxe sample of the Black Gold as a GWP . I was so excited to use , because the color is truly interesting -- unlike any I have ever seen.But I was disappointed ... . here 's why :1 -RRB- The eye pencil is not effortless to apply . It is very soft , so you ahve to be careful or else you risk transference .2 -RRB- The eye pencil is not smudgeproof or waterproof . Within a few hours , I had racoon eyes .3 -RRB- Does not adhere to inner lid if you want to line the inside of your lid -LRB- great to make your eyes pop out -RRB- For the retail price , and Merciers excellent reputation , I 'd expect more . I won ; t be using this again , and am glad it was for free .
 Maybe its because my skin is a little oily , but this product did NOT stay on my lashes at all - within 2 hours it was all underneath my eyes and looking awful . To add insult to injury , it is nearly impossible to remove from the skin without really scrubbing that delicate area under the eyes . I HATED this mascara.However , I must give credit to Almay as a company ! They make a lot of other products that I like -LRB- the long-lasting eyeliner is amazing , and I ca n't live without the Bright Eyes cream shadow -RRB- , so I wrote to them and told them about the problems I 'd had with this one . They asked me to send the mascara back to them , and in return they mailed me a gift certificate so I can buy something else I 'd like better ! 5 stars for Almay customer service !
 I just bought this eye pencil and to the contrary it irritated my eyes . Maybe because my Almay Amazing Lasting 16 Hour Eye Pencil ingredients do not match the description of the pencil at this store : ALMAY PURE INGREDIENTS
 I have always used this product and it went on so smooth , but I think Almay may have changed this product because it now tugs at my eyelids and no longer goes on smooth . What is happening ? At first I thought maybe it was my imagination until I found an old Almay eyeliner pencil in my travel bag and tried it again to find the product that I love & miss . Please bring back the old version of this product .
 Product does n't describe specific size . It was purchased for 6 year old girl and it was too tight . It does n't specify which eye and 6 to a pack becomes redundant . Beware , this product can not be returned once the package is opened . If you need and eye patch look elsewhere and make sure of the size .
 They sure come in nice colors but the material and workmanship leave much to be deisred . These eye patches are nothing but cardborad cutouts trimmed with some plasticky material . Do n't waste your money on this crap .
 I have been using Almay Mascara for years . I needed some and ordered it online . However , this is different . It SMELLS , irratated my eyes , and flaked off . Horrible . It is not like the &#34; Almay &#34; Mascara I buy in the store . ????? I will never order this product again .
 I bought this product from the store last week which is why I an here now looking for something better . What a waste , I feel quite embarrassed walking around with flaky bits of mascara around my eyes and sure enough , every time I look in the mirror these is more . If does nothing for my eyelashes other then make them black , no volume , no shape , nothing . Going to return it ASAP
 The lotion itself is perfectly fine . The biggest problem I have with this lotion is the smell . It is extremely overpowering and lingers for far too long . A good example is a few hours after applying the product a friend of mine was able to smell it on my hands while standing 3 feet from me . The smell persisted after I had applied the lotion before bed , and woke up the following morning , and I 'm not talking about I could smell it a little bit , I 'm saying my hands reeked of cocoa butter 8 hours after applying it.I would only recommend this product if you really , REALLY love Cocoa Butter .
 I would give this product a zero if I could . I 've used Almay 's mascara for ten years owing to my developed loyalty and trust toward their products that meet the needs of those with sensitive eyes . I was a big fan of their hypoallergenic mascara as I can not wear any other kind . When they got their mascara specifically for people by eye color , I adored it to no end . Learning that it was discontinued meant finding a new mascara . Trusting Almay for all these years , I gave this product a try . It sucks ! It says it 's hypoallergenic , and it did n't hurt the first day I wore it until evening , but by day two I could barely keep my eyes open . My eyes stung horribly . I immediately switched off it . It 's been seven days since the first day I put it on , and my eyes still hurt ... indoors , and with sunglasses on outdoors . I ca n't go outside without getting bad headaches . It 's been suggested to me that in bad financial times Almay has switched to cheaper things to develop their mascara . I 'm sorry to say goodbye to Almay . You were great for a decade . Now you 've lost my business . That 's one hundred dollars a year , plus any interest to explore your other products .
 I would give this product a zero if I could . I 've used Almay 's mascara for ten years owing to my developed loyalty and trust toward their products that meet the needs of those with sensitive eyes . I was a big fan of their hypoallergenic mascara as I can not wear any other kind . When they got their mascara specifically for people by eye color , I adored it to no end . Learning that it was discontinued meant finding a new mascara . Trusting Almay for all these years , I gave this product a try . It sucks ! It says it 's hypoallergenic , and it did n't hurt the first day I wore it until evening , but by day two I could barely keep my eyes open . My eyes stung horribly . I immediately switched off it . It 's been seven days since the first day I put it on , and my eyes still hurt ... indoors , and with sunglasses on outdoors . I ca n't go outside without getting bad headaches . It 's been suggested to me that in bad financial times Almay has switched to cheaper things to develop their mascara . I 'm sorry to say goodbye to Almay . You were great for a decade . Now you 've lost my business . That 's one hundred dollars a year , plus any interest to explore your other products .
 The tubes were half empty and the consistency was odd for a gel ... almost liquidy . Makes me think I got a bad batch or it 's just a bad product . Was suppose to use it for a hair show ... that got scrapped !!!
 Looks great . But after a few uses caused breakouts at usage sites . Also caused broken blood vessels where under-eye area meets regular skin . Sadly , the beauty does n't last . I can not recommend this to people who are sensitive to parabens . I threw out the remainder of the sample I received from Sephora .
 Looks great . But after a few uses caused breakouts at usage sites . Also caused broken blood vessels where under-eye area meets regular skin . Sadly , the beauty does n't last . I can not recommend this to people who are sensitive to parabens . I threw out the remainder of the sample I received from Sephora .
 I was not pleased with what I ordered . I should have know that I could not get the real L'eau D'issey by Issey Miyake at this price of 39.99 . Its more alcohol than anything . Not the same smell as the ones in Macy 's .
 Came in a completely different type of bottle first of all . The scent smells very similar but I can barely even smell it after it 's sprayed and does not last at all . Definitely not the same/real one from the store . I would n't waste my money on this .
 el mismo se adquiri&oacute; bajo la descripci&oacute;n de 3.4 OZ y el entregado fue de 3.3 OZ , por el resto la entrega fue segun lo pautado .
 I buy a Eau du Toilette , but i got Natural Spray , so i was n't real Perfum . In 2 hours the Aroma just go away.I pay lots of money for a natural spray . : -LRB-
 Came wrapped in bubble wrap ! It was a gift for my step mother and this was very embarrassing . Not even a gift wrapping was an option .
 This scent is overpowering to me , and gives me a migraine headache.I realize that everyones ' body chemistry is different , but I have to say this is one of the worst scents -- at least for me-I have ever bought .
 Looks great . But after a few uses caused breakouts at usage sites . Also caused broken blood vessels where under-eye area meets regular skin . Sadly , the beauty does n't last . I can not recommend this to people who are sensitive to parabens . I threw out the remainder of the sample I received from Sephora .
 Please do not purchase this product . The product i received is not the original Hugo Boss . Hugo fragrance lasts long and the fragrance of the product i received does not even last for 10 minutes . Amazon does not even have a return policy for perfumes .
 This is not the real Hugo cologne . I know the scent very well . Secondly , the bottle I received does not match the bottle pictured , which is in fact the real bottle . Shame on Amazon .
 The item description said this item was to be boss cologne which I really wanted and was very excited to order for my husbands birthday . Unfortunately when the item arrived it was the wrong cologne it was Hugo . Everything in the description and the picture led me to believe I would be purchasing boss not Hugo . So I guess I am stuck with this cologne unless I want the hassle of sending it back , which I do n't . I usually do n't have problems ordering from Amazon but this one was specifically intended for a gift and I was very upset by the error .
 I was skeptical if i should try this scent without smelling it first , but i did anyways.To be honest I 'm kinda let down.I loved Hugo Boss 's In Motion . So i hoped i would love this one as much , but i did n't . I do n't think that this a bad scent , its just not for me and compared to In Motion , its just not as great .
 The cologne is counterfeit ! I have been a buyer of this brand -LRB- Hugo Boss -RRB- for 6 years and know what it smells like and how long it last . I went to my usual store to purchase and they were sold out so I decided to look for it on Amazon . After applying this cologne the smell was gone in 5 minutes ! I notice the typeface print on the bottle is a little off from the normal bottle as well.Do not buy for this ; this is not an authentic product be sold .
 I have bought may perfumes from amazon before , all were originals . Now I bought three different products and all were fake . I decided to buy from amazon because too many stores in South Florida offer fakes . Now the same happened here.Amazon
 una colonia sin mucho que decir , aroma se esfuma a las horas , no tiene cuerpo , no es un olor especial
 2 Stars for the quick delivery of the order.The scent was good , but was very disappointed with the longevity of the smell . Had to put on 5 to 6 sprays everyday and the smell wud go off within 2 to 3 hours . Now i know why they provide a 5 ounces bottle , becaus u wud hav to put 5 to 6 sprays everyday so that the smell would last alteast 2 hours , and 5 ounces will come for atleast 2 months at this rate of usage.Im of the opinion that Amazon doesnt sell fake , so considering this as an original , i would not reccomend this perfume .
 This is not the product I wanted . I clicked a link from the product I wanted -LRB- 3.3 oz . Hugo Boss # 6 -RRB- offering what I thought was the same thing in 1.7 oz . size . The product photo was the same as in the previous screen , but the product changed . I ordered it thinking I was getting the right thing . It was n't . I notice now that the photo shown here matches Boss by Hugo Boss now and it no longer shows the bottle of Hugo Boss # 6 . Amazon wo n't admit any responsibility . Still awaiting credit and am stuck with paying shipping both ways for the wrong product . Not happy . You 've lost me as a customer .
 Muy desilusionada con el perfume , no dura nada el aroma , se aplica y en menos de 30 hr se pierde el perfume , no lo volver&iacute;a a comprar
 The item looks and smells just like the real thing , but the scent disappears within minutes of putting it on . If it lasted only a few hours -LRB- versus all day long like the same brand I buy at the mall -RRB- it might still be worth it because of the discounted price , but to be almost undetectable within minutes of putting it on then I would say its still way over priced ! I would not recommend buying it .
 First off , let me say that Hugo has been my favorite cologne since it came out and I give it 5 stars but I am rating the 5 oz bottle I received a few days ago that is sold by Amazon . I do n't know if Hugo Boss changed the cologne or if Amazon is getting imitations but this is not the same as it use to be . It did come in a cellophane sealed box and looks genuine , but ... I have n't bought any in a few years because I had stocked up and this new bottle not only smells weaker but last for far less time on my skin and clothes -LRB- yes , I always get EDT , Eau de Toilette -RRB- . In the past , the Hugo I had would still smell on my clothes when I was doing laundry several days later and with this new bottle , the scent is gone before the end of the night . I will buy it again and hope that when bought somewhere else that it is like the older product but if not I will stop buying it altogether . I see that Amazon added an explanation to the description , which is true , but that just is n't the case here .
 I have used this colgne for years . No longer available at local stores I tried the online option . What I received was OLD stock !! There was virtualy no scent left . I should have known better . Do n't bother buying this item , great cologne , poor quality shipped to me .
 Ordered this items and another , both were Prime Eligible and Both did not get here till a Week later.This was a gift , and I ended up buying locally ...
 The box was opened and it was used . Did n't smell the same as the one I got from Macys .
 Dont buy from stores123 . Its duplicate . When I bought from the stores , I can see the difference . Dont buy from stores123 : -LRB-
 Hugo by Hugo Boss is an excellent cologne , to be worn in the fall and winter seasons . It is by far my favorite cologne and I had much high expectations for it.Let me make one thing clear , DO NOT BUY COLOGNE OFF AMAZON . My cologne came still wrapped in plastic , unopened and untouched . That was a good sign , or so I thought . As soon as I opened it and sprayed it I IMMEDIATELY I noticed the scent had become `` sour '' or basically had expired . It smells too acidic , too `` sour '' to be the cologne I came to regard with such high merits.Some people may have ordered a good bottle that was not past its expiration date but mine had gone bad without a doubt in my mind.I received this cologne very fast , probably 2 - 4 days after ordering . Amazon has always been good with expediting the delivery process so I am satisfied with that aspect.Id rather pay the 50 $ for a 3oz off the Hugo Boss website than be skunked by Amazon again.If you love this scent like me , than do n't be afraid to pay the premium for a genuine bottle .
 The box was not sealed ! its hard to know if this item was brand new or not , genuine or fake .
 is not original , do not buy this perfume.not buy not buy not buy not buy not buy not buy not buy not buy not buy
 I 'm a medium/light-skinned Caucasian , and this did not cover my under-eye circles . After I used it , I was told I looked tired and I was NOT tired . The Becca cream concealer in Banana works a LOT better , but I 'm always looking for the new and improved version of everything , so wanted to try this . I suppose if you 're one of those people who have barely-noticeable under-eye circles and no wrinkles under your eyes , then this would work , but if that 's the case , there are numerous cheaper drugstore versions of cream concealers that would work just as well ! I used the color # 02 Light and up-close in a magnifying mirror , I can see that it appears orange , compared to my natural skin color . Maybe in the liquidy-concealer world , this one rates better than most , so maybe I 'm not being fair to compare it to the higher coverage-higher quality world of Becca 's type of concealer . Oh , another really poor trait of this concealer is that it separates , so that water or oil or something the consistency of a clear liquid - comes out before or at the same time as the concealer comes out . So , in order to use it , I have to squeeze it out on a tissue so that the clear liquid gets soaked up !! HORRIBLE STUFF .
 I received a deluxe sample of the Black Gold as a GWP . I was so excited to use , because the color is truly interesting -- unlike any I have ever seen.But I was disappointed ... . here 's why :1 -RRB- The eye pencil is not effortless to apply . It is very soft , so you ahve to be careful or else you risk transference .2 -RRB- The eye pencil is not smudgeproof or waterproof . Within a few hours , I had racoon eyes .3 -RRB- Does not adhere to inner lid if you want to line the inside of your lid -LRB- great to make your eyes pop out -RRB- For the retail price , and Merciers excellent reputation , I 'd expect more . I won ; t be using this again , and am glad it was for free .
 In a nut-shell , I was hoping to find a product to get rid of build up on my hair and GENTLY strip away that grime weighing down my hair . Oh , it got rid of the build-up alright , but then it went on to strip my hair of any body , shine , softness or life in it . I had to use and intensive hot oil conditioner on my hair for a week to get it to look at least presentable.I was very disappointed by how harshly it treated my hair . It was dumped ASAP .
 These rods are stiff and do not flex to stay snapped together and the ends fall off . They are cheap junk and I would not recommend buying them . I put mine in the garbage but should have returned them .
 The perfume is not original . It 's half water half perfume . The first one I ordered is original . Moreover , I had to write to the seller before he shipped the product I do n't know why .
 Have used L'air Du Temps for many years . This item is not L'air Du Temps.Unfortunately all the paperwork and packaging was tossed . I wo n't order scents again .
 WHAT A RIP!Picture makes it look like you are getting bottles -LRB- vial -RRB- when they are actually just half pieces of plastic with paper backing ! You ca n't reclose the perfume after you try it ! I am really disappointed . Save your money and get a larger sample that you can ACTUALLY USE !
 Bought this as a gift for my wife , and now she 's looking to give it away.It is described as being floral , and people said in their reviews that it 's a subtle scent - both of which my wife loves . To us , this smells like baby powder , which we both hate . Maybe other reviewers are right and this is n't the real thing , I do n't know , but this also was not &#34; delicate &#34; . My wife felt nauseous after wearing it for a little while . Once she showered it off , she felt fine .
 Way too small , not worth it . I know it 's a sampler , but I do n't consider it an effective sampling amount . Maybe it 's my fault since I did n't notice it before .
 Sorry - You get one star and only because it was delivered in a timely fashion . I got a bottle of what is supposed to be L'Air du Temps which I have been wearing for forty years , but there is n't even any fragrance in the bottle . What a waste of money . I should have gone to Macy 's .
 Very disappointed in this product . I realize it 's a toilette but this one was either diluted or left in a warehouse too long . Bought it as a gift for my mother and the first time she tried it she complained to me that even though she 'd applied it liberally she could barely smell it on herself . She sprayed her wrist several times then held it to my nose for me to smell
 I love Max Factor Pan Stik Medium Beige 129 . Since it has been pretty difficult to find it , even online , I decided to order a few of the same product and skin tone name , but the only that appeared to be available at a ` reasonable ' price were the ` original formula ' ones -LRB- Medium Beige - Warm 3 -RRB- . It is darker than the Medium Beige 129 pan stik tone one but it seems to be acceptable for Summer time or Spring since , I have to admit my skin have n't been touched by sunlight in a while . Anyhow , I did n't like the fact that the shipping costs where the same for each pan stik -LRB- I bought a few to stock up -RRB- , so I paid a lot more than expected for each one , but it was still ` acceptable ' . I am really frustrated about the fact of not been able to buy Max Factor Pan Stik products as I used to . I am 31 years old now and have been using Max Factor Ultra Creamy Pan Stik since I was 14 years old . I can tell it is THE BEST PRODUCT EVER made for ANY kind of skin . It covers a lot , it can be used for day , evening or night and I have NEVER needed concealer , it does n't matter how my skin might be at the time I use it . It is just the BEST PRODUCT EVER . I have even used it for TV , Theater , etc. -LRB- I used to work in mass media and entertainment -RRB- . I do n't feel that confident as to suggest this product specifically and the shipping was $ 4.80 for each pan stik when it 's a small item sent in a small shipping flat rate USPS box . I still do n't understand why I was billed $ 4.80 for each one ... and they where a lot ...
 I have very thick shoulder length hair and have searched long and hard for a barrette that will hold all of it at the nape of the neck for a slightly classier ponytail . This is not that barrette . It did not even come close to closing over all my hair . It is a beautiful barrette but I am sending it back and continuing the search .
 This cologne is just ok because the smell is very generic . There are at least 25 colognes with a similar clean scent . The problem with this product also lies with it 's price . This cologne is way overpriced for what it is . There are far better scents available for the same price , or up to $ 5 more . Even Cool Water which is far above this product , costs less . The people at Clinique are known for their skin products which are top-notch . But in the cologne market , they are not competitively priced to sell a lot of this scent . They probably do n't care because their meat and potatoes are the skin products they sell . But if you 're going to spend this much on a clean scent , you 'd be better off trying R DeCappucci , Vetiver , Aqua Di Silva , Gendarme , or Terre D'Hermes . There are MANY others as well .
 I have very thick shoulder length hair and have searched long and hard for a barrette that will hold all of it at the nape of the neck for a slightly classier ponytail . This is not that barrette . It did not even come close to closing over all my hair . It is a beautiful barrette but I am sending it back and continuing the search .
 I bought this product hoping for an improvement in my hair . I used the matching shampoo first -LRB- pretty good -RRB- then this conditioner . It left my hair dry , lackluster and crunchy . I would not recommend this to anyone , unless your hair is extra greasy then maybe it will work .
 This stuff is awful , it is way too runny . It 's not moisturizing , nor does it have a pleasing smell . I bought a good amount of Mill Creek products and was sorely disappointed in most of them .
 I bought this conditioner and after trying it just once I know that I do not want to use it again . It 's not conditioning at all . My hair seemed drier after using it and the scent is very strong -LRB- nausiating -RRB- almost . It says on the bottle its got organic and natural ingredients , well , o.k. maybe a few of the items are organic but not all of it if you read the long list . Dont be fooled . I 'll stick to my old favorite -LRB- suave -RRB- because it 's more nourishing than this stuff and it 's cheaper . Dont waste your money trying it .
 It 's very watery , I do n't think it 's real keratin conditioner . I have used other keratin conditioner before and they worked so well but this one yeah not so much !!
 This product made my hair more dry and wispy than before . I would not recommend for my hair type . I have straight / semi-wavy hair , silky , thick , long , with fly aways . After using this product my hair was unmanageable , more prone to knots and had more fly aways ! Whats up with that beta keratins ?
 First of all , the shipping was very slow . Secondly , I feel that they sold me a watered down perfume either that or it 's a fake.I bought from this seller because I thought the price was pretty cheapt . It 's actually cheaper than how much I would normally pay for it.I have been using Design for over 10 years . I 've always used the Parfum kind.I recently ran out so I 've decided to use Amazon to get a new one.I was a little worried that I 'm going to get a copy catter , but I took my chances anyway and purchased from this seller.Typically , I only have to spray just a little bit to get the smell that last all day.but unfortunately this is not the case here . With this one I bought from this sellerI have to keep spraying all day to keep the smell up . It 's very disappointing and I get upset each time I use this perfume.I really feel that this perfume is watered down or this company did something to it.Like I said , I have over 10 years experience with this brand and I never onesdoubted it . I still do n't , but I very much doubt this seller . I think they sold me a watered down perfumeand that 's the bottom line . I 'm very disappointed and I will never buy from this seller again.Please people if you 're thinking of buying from this sellerplease think twice and investigate first . Please take my review into consideration . You do n't want to make the same mistake I did.I feel that this company is doing something with their perfume so they could sell them at a low cost and still make profits . Either thator they 're selling fake stuff.Pleas sellers , stop screwing people over .
 So I was recommended to try this in order to get the Taylor Swift curls and I thought for the price why not try it . Well let me save you a Jackson -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- ... do not get this . First off the little holder does hold our hair especially if it is thin or you have layered hair . Also it is not easy to wrap it around the spirals . It says it is easier to follow and it is not . Also the top of the iron does not have a finished surface . Stray pieces of hair get stuck at the top and when you unroll the iron it pull out those stray hairs . Also it does not curl it well . Lastly , forget the little stand that is comes with . It falls over . This could cause a fire hazard ! Seriously invest in a good flat iron . You can curl and straighten your hair .
 I purchased this one when my Conair spiral curling iron broke after 4 years . This Revlon curling iron does not get near as hot as the Conair and does not achieve near the curls as the Conair as the result . Do n't waste your money on this one , buy Conair Spiral curling iron instead ! : -RRB-
 This curling iron gave me a problem from the start . The cord would tangle up while I was trying to use it . Then I would notice it would cool down while I was using it and realized it was actually cutting off on its on while I was using it . Finally , after having it for 2 months and not using it every day either , it has stopped working all together . It comes on , but will not heat up . Seemed to be defective from the beginning .
 This product is so useless ! The spiral cord is stuck to the rod and does not help hold the hair to be curled.I would not advice anyone to buy this . I returned it immediately !
 I wish I would have read the reviews on this product before purchase . This is the worst purchase I have ever made . It does nothing ! It is difficult to use , the curl ends up all on the tip of your hair . Spare yourself and your money do not purchase this product .
 I had Revlon 's Perfect Heat Ceramic Spiral Iron RV067C for 3 years and it broke . THAT was the best curling iron I 've ever owned and I would have never used anything else had it not broken or if I could find another . I bought this thinking it would be similar just updated . It 's not.This curling iron is difficult to use , makes crappy curls and the ones you get out of it do n't stay long . It 's just not any good . The other one even curled -LRB- and kept curled -RRB- the hair of my best friend with pin straight hair . My hair is wavy and relatively easy to curl -LRB- they just do n't stay -RRB- even and this iron wo n't curl it .
 This iron is junk . There is a heat knob that turns to adjust the heat setting but the wiring inside of the iron keeps getting caught on the knob making it almost imposible to turn . The wiring issue is also a possible shock hazzard .
 This item came with absolutely no instructions . If you are not a `` hair person '' this product was difficult for me to work with .
 First it does heat practically instantly as described . That is true . The only problem is once it is heated you can not operate it . The area to grip and curl your hair is only 1 '' long . Since I have a 3-4 '' pixie cut this is not possible due to physics . I got my hair cut and waited a week and modified my travel for the day to stay home to receive something that was not clearly explained to me is not intended to actually be used . I am not sure who it would be for , perhaps very long hair would work but that is not indicated on the product . Should be indicated whomever the target demographic is for this item .
 This blower is okay but it seems to take me longer than when I had my old brand . If you have long , thick hair , this dryer is adequate ! The high speed setting throws out more heat , as expected but I still wanted it hotter . The low speed setting is great for styling if it was warmer . I have never dried my hair with this brand before . It is also lightweight but rather noisy .
 I was very impressed by this dryer immediately after purchase . For such an inexpensive dryer it did an excellent job drying my thick wavy hair . The dryer is lightweight and dries fast . The issue is that this week about 3 months after my purchase the dryer stopped working . It sounds like it is the motor as it sort of turns on for 5 seconds and then dies out . Since the dryer is cheap it looks like I will just be tossing it in the trash and looking for a better quality longer lasting dryer . I knew it was too good to be true . Only purchase this dryer if you want a disposable short term option .
 my hair is shoulder length , layered and medium thick . My old dryer -LRB- Remington D-2012 Tstudio Collection Tourmaline and Ceramic Hair Dryer -RRB- took 5-10 minutes to dry my hair . This dryer took 5-7 . But it overheated almost immediately and shut itself off . and it took a few minutes to cool so I could turn it back on and finish drying . There are no vents in the concentrator , either.Sure , it 's light , but it feels flimsy.Also , the cord is incredibly short.I bought this two days ago , used it just this morning and I am returning it .
 This blow dryer was OK for the year or so I used it . It was n't as nice as the one I was replacing , but I knew that going in and it was acceptable.However , it randomly stopped working the other day . I plugged it in to use , and it just did n't turn on -LRB- after of course resetting the cord and the outlet , and trying multiple outlets -RRB- . I know this was n't a very expensive or a professional model , but I expect more than a year of use out of a blow dryer .
 I had this dryer for a month and liked it . The only thing I did n't like was that I kept accidentally shutting it off because of how the buttons are placed but put up with it . Then after 1 month of use , it started blowing cold air and I returned it .
 If you just want a cheaper hair dryer , this one has power and works fine . But mine did break after a year , just stopped working electrically .
 I chose to buy this hair dryer because of the great reviews and comparability to the T3 . I did n't like how the hot setting was too hot and the warm setting was not hot enough . I 've had this hair dryer for less than 2 years -LRB- purchased in May of 2011 -RRB- and it just broke -- it wo n't turn on anymore . I 've had cheaper hair dryers last 10 + years ! Would not purchase again . : /
 I actually bought this hair dryer from another site , but thought I would share my experience here now that I 'm looking for a new hair dryer ... again ... I was pretty happy with the power , heat , and weight of the dryer at first use . My hair is chin length and straight , so only takes about 10-15 minutes to style from start to finish . Within the first week I started to notice that the dryer nozzle was starting to melt around the rim . I only use the concentrator attachment for the last few minutes of styling , and noticed that it also started bubbling and quickly burnt big holes on either side of the attachment . The dryer does n't get as hot as a lot of them out there , so I 'm kinda baffled by this . It 's actually the first time I 've ever seen it happen on any dryer I 've ever used . Long story short , I expected the dryer to last longer than just under two months . If I had it to do over I would put the $ 20 towards another good quality hair dryer that wo n't end up looking like some weird melted mess . Very poor quality and not worth $ 20 .
 Wow , I bought this about 2-3 weeks ago and opened the package . Around the 2nd time of using , there was a weird burning smell . I thought I could just restart it and the smell would go away . I restarted it 5 TIMES . Smell ? Still there . I stopped using it . The burning smell is so strong and spread to the rest of my rooms.And I ca n't return it now.WTF .
 The heat level is fine , but the highest wind or blowing speed feels like medium/light . As a male with medium-length hair , I do n't see how someone could recommend this particular product -LRB- compared to the 10 other options out there at c. $ 20 -RRB- to anyone with longer-than-short hair .
 This dryer completely stopped working after only 2 months after I purchased it , and I did not even use it daily . Wasted money .
 This product made my hair frizzy and did not dry well at all . Worst of all , within three months it started making a loud humming noise , and burn out . I would never recommend buying this !
 I purchased this blowdryer in November of last year and it just failed - it did n't even last a year and it shorted out ! I thought it was great and lightweight while it worked , however I ca n't believe it did n't last longer than 9 months .
 I prefer to dry my hair on the low setting and was disappointed to find that the low setting on this model was n't low . Even with the diffuser it just did n't suit my needs .
 This is my first official review . I bought this dryer about 7 months ago . Other than the concentrator/nozzle melting a bit , it worked great . Seven months later it stopped working . I 've never had a blow dryer die on me so quick ! Would not buy again .
 I used this hair dryer for only 10 minutes a day and after 4 months it started shorting out . I bought this one because my previous hair dryer , which I had used for a few years , was also made by Revlon , and it was a recommended affordable product on a consumer website . I would NOT recommend this hair dryer .
 Bought this in February , and noticed in April there were cracks in the handle . It was used about 3 to 4 times a week , a total of 15 minutes , tops , by a 69-year-old woman . It was not dropped or used to beat a rug . So this is ridiculous . Amazon 's return policy says I 'll only get a portion of the cost returned . Maybe I 'll write to Revlon . I guess I can try duct tape , but I wo n't buy a Revlon hair dryer again .
 I bought this dryer because it had so many positive reviews and seemed like a good bargain . Once using it , I was not impressed . It leaves my hair feeling frizzy , not smooth like higher quality dryers . At this point , I still figured it was worth it given the low price . However , almost exactly 1 year after buying it , it stopped working . Perhaps I have unrealistic expectations , but I had hoped it would last longer .
 This hair dryer is too loud and really does n't provide a lot of power when it blows your hair . After a year of use , it 's about to die . Gave it two stars -- it was below average , but not entirely a piece of junk . -LRB- Close , though . -RRB-
 I really liked this dryer -- quiet , fast-drying , lightweight -- until it died yesterday after owning it for less than two and half years . Perhaps my expectation are too high ? I used this almost daily , but my hair dries in about 10 minutes , so I do n't quite understand how that would wear it out so quickly . To be honest , other Revlon hair dryers have n't lasted too long for me , either , so I think this is the last Revlon hair dryer I 'll purchase . I 'm tired of replacing these things so frequently . -LRB- Will someone please make a hair dryer that lasts ? I will pay extra for that ! -RRB- This dryer gets two stars for the two years I owned it .
 This hair dryer worked great and was light weight when it worked . After 1 year though it started to blow at 25 % power and eventually it just died completely . I 've never had a hair dryer last just 1 year . Revlon needs to work on their product reliability .
 Amidst the happy reviews there are just a few that mention that this might not be a good dryer for fine hair . Wish I 'd listened ! My fine , straight hair is normally no big deal to style but this dryer leaves it limp , limp , limp . Plenty of hair spray is the only way to salvage a little curl . And perhaps because my hair is both fine and short , the dryer runs too hot for me . Ca n't handle pain before breakfast . Glad it works well for so many folks but , for me , time to find another dryer . I strongly recommend the Elchim Professional 2001 2000 Watt Classic Hair Dryer , which is not ionic , works perfectly with my fine hair , and has proved worth the higher price .
 The product box shows a plastic attachment called a concentrator . That part does not come with the product . I tried to get that part shipped but had no luck . Amazon is not the seller so they can only accept a return . Tried the manufacturer but they will not ship it -LRB- they said that they do not have the product which makes no sense -RRB- . I also tried Amazon feedback and asked for them to remove the box picture since it is misleading - the response was that there is no merit to my comment . Feels like a catch 22 and I am trying to help them . Amazon definitely lost quality with the introduction of other sellers . They are making money but are driving me to other options .
 My CHI hairdryer bit the dust after 7 years , so I bought this because it had great reviews and was cheaper . This hair dryer is not good on my hair , I 'm going to put it in my garage sale . My hair feels very dry and looks frizzy after using this dryer and I never had that problem with the CHI . Sorry , but I 'll spend the money now and get a good hair dryer .
 If you have straight hair that you actually do something with stay away from this dryer . I have short straight hair and this dryer is leave my hair flat and limp !!! I am definitely returning this dryer . I will take my chances with my old beloved CHI that has a short in it until my new one is comes .
 I bought this lightweight hairdryer to take with me on a trip to England after reading the good reviews that it had . Once in the UK , I used it with a wall adapter . About half way through drying my hair , it became hotter , so I switched it to the lower setting . Suddenly I smelled hair burning , and in what seemed like an instant , I realized that my hair had been badly burnt , the natural bristled brush had burned on the ends , and there was lots of burned hair in it . I had to leave the hair dryer in UK as it was n't worth it to try and fit it in my suitcase , but I would not trust this dryer , at least not to use in another country . I do n't know if it simply ca n't be used with an adapter or if the dryer itself can not be trusted . Has anyone else had a problem like this with it ?
 I had a Conair Infiniti hair dryer that was not working so well anymore , so I replaced it with this Revlon hair dryer . I had high hopes for it based on the reviews , and I was looking forward to having a lighter-weight hair dryer . I have slightly wavy , thick hair that I blow dry straight . I used this hair dryer for 3 weeks and every time I did , it made my hair frizzy and dull . I was so disappointed . I have now replaced it with a Conair Infiniti Pro , and my hair looks great again . That hair dryer makes my hair straight , smooth , and shiny . I did give this Revlon hair dryer 2 stars for being lightweight . That was the only nice thing about it .
 Purchased this product 14 months ago , and it broke this morning . Agree with the above reviews about its quality as a dryer , it had worked well , but now I 'm hair dryer-less . Called up Helen of Troy , since it is still under a 2-year product warranty . However , to get a new dryer I 'd need to ship in the old one , write a $ 5 check , and wait another 7-10 days processing time before they ship out . Plus , if they do n't have the RV544 dryer in stock -LRB- which they ca n't tell you on the phone -RRB- , they 'll send you a different model , who knows which kind . -LRB- mailing address
 I loved my dryer , it worked great on drying my hair while leaving it soft and shining . However , after 4 months of daily use it broke down on me . I know it 's probably just the fuse , but I 've had other dryers at a must lower quality rating that lasted for years . Thankfully I still have one of those old goodies as a back-up kicking around so I was at least able to finish drying my hair this morning . A `` good '' product like this from Revlon should prove to be of better quality ; I 'm very disappointed and will be looking to probably pay extra for something that will actually be good quality . While I would still recommend this type of hair dryer , I would not recommend this model to anyone .
 I have bought 2 of these hair dryers because I loved it so much and thought the first one died by a fluke . It was n't . While it 's working this is a great , light-weight , lower noise hair dryer . Unfortunately , after less than a year both started flickering on and off when held at certain angles , and just got worse with continued use . This time I 'm not waiting for it to get worse - I 'm getting something different .
 My Chi dryer died after 7 years and I asked for a new one for Christmas . My mother-in law saw all the great reviews on this dryer and got me one instead . Well , Chi it ai n't . First of all , it did n't work properly and had to be returned . It did n't heat up at all . Second , it just does n't have the balance or quality feel of a high end dryer . If it worked , it might be ok for the guest bath , but I 'll stick to a professional dryer like a Chi or Babyliss for myself .
 I have had this hair dryer for less than 6 months and today a coil inside started to catch on fire and spit out flames that almost caught my hair on fire ! I plan to contact Revlon and voice my concern over their very dangerous appliance ! Do not buy !!!
 After using this hair dryer for a few months , it just overheated and stopped working . It was disappointing considering some of the positive reviews I had read on Amazon . You 're better off with something else or simply picking up a $ 15 - $ 20 hair dryer at your local drugstore like Walgreens . I did and have been using the same reliable one for several years now .
 I had the dryer for about a year . This week it literally caught on fire and sparks came out the back . Pieces of metal shot out damaging the bathroom mirror . Luckily no one was hurt . This product should be taken off the market . If one of the metal pieces went into her my eyes I would have been severely injured .
 This dryer is great quality for the money . It does dry hair quicker than my old ion dryer and seems to be overall more gentle on the hair - less `` frying '' out of the hair even on the hot/high setting . This is really helpful for me because my young daughter has long thick hair . It is convenient to be able to get her hair dry as quickly as possible without damaging it . I have fine curly hair and it works great for me too - I use the concentrator for my roots first and the diffuser for all-over drying . The different choices of speed and heat settings are great including the cool shot . I 'd recommend this dryer - it is so nice to get a good deal on a quality product.Update
 After many years of daily service , my old Revlon 1875 , Model # 473 finally stopped running . Without hesitating I went out to buy what I thought would be a `` new-and-improved '' version of the same dryer . What I found was a product with no resemblance , except for the name.The ONLY good thing I can say about his new dryer , Model RV544 , is that it dries my hair much faster than the old one did . But the result is disastrous . I have short , straight hair that is well-styled . This dryer leaves my hair limp , with no body . I used the `` cold shot '' setting on the old dryer to give my hair lift ; on the new model it 's a useless feature . The attachments are also useless , at least for me . I do n't know if I 'm doing something wrong , but after using this dryer every day for a week , trying various combinations of heat/speed settings , I 'm going to pack it up and return it.Another note -- I tried to find a website so I could write to the manufacturer . It 's odd that there is no such website . The name `` Revlon '' means nothing on this piece of equipment , because it 's made in China by `` Helen of Troy '' so no one is even taking responsibility for this worthless item . Just goes to show ya -- sometimes newer does NOT equal better .
 I liked this hair dryer when I first got it . Worked well , although I did n't think the tourmaline made any difference.After using it twice a week for 7 weeks , it just stopped working . I tried the reset button -- nothing . I waited till the next day to try again , with the same results . I did n't drop it , I did n't get it wet . Nothing was done to it and yet it stopped dead.I called Revlon and was told I could return it to them for an exchange . However , as it cost me $ 18.99 when I purchased it last Nov. , and it would cost me approx . $ 8 to return it and another $ 5 for them to return it to me , I did n't bother.I am extremely disappointed in this blowdryer and will never purchase anything from Revlon again . I guess this is just more junk made in China . I 'm going back to my 25 year old Gillette dryer .
 I have had this dryer for about 6 months and loved how light weight it is . I have very thick hair that takes about 25 min to dry , so that is great . But the piece that attaches to the front , called the concentrator , has melted through on both sides , I called Helen of Troy -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- and they will send a replacement if I return this one . I will not ask for this one again . UPDATE
 I have had this dryer for 2 months and the concentrator , the attachment that you use to blow your hair straight , has melted and continues to melt after every use . The dryer leaves my hair limp and lifeless and my ends are dry and split since using this dryer . I can not believe that this product was developed so poorly . I would not buy again and would not suggest it to friends either . Terrible choice .
 I went out of my way to buy this one -LRB- not to mention a day on research I did to find a good diffuser -RRB- . I asked my realtive to buy it from US and ship it to UK . I bought a $ 55 adaptor and this diffuser blows off when I switched on . I have many other US hair tools -LRB- Remington , Conair etc -RRB- which worked perfectly on this adaptor so its definitely not adaptor problem . Well , I was hoping to use it everyday and I did n't get a chance to use it even once ... very very disappointing !
 I have n't managed to use it yet , since I 'm having to save up a couple of thousand dollars to expand my bathroom to accommodate the HUGENESS of this hair dryer !! It 's about 4 times bigger than my old hair dryer that it is replacing And that was an entirely normal sized portable hair dryer . This on would take up half a suitcase , so no travelling for this baby . It is at least a foot long from end to end with the diffuser in place . The handle is another 8 '' going at right angles to the blower part , so you can get some idea of how much space it takes up . I frankly do n't know where I can put it when not in use . My old one I could hang on the wall near my mirror and it was discreet in appearance and proportion . This one 's a MONSTER !! And I ca n't believe that it is superior in performance in proportion to its great size.I held it in my hand and pretended that I was trying to dry my hair . And because of its great distance from handle to the blower tip , I felt no control of it . And to move it around my head to reach all parts of my hair , requred flexing muscles I 'm not used to extending so far.It may work like a charm , but it is an absolutely HORRIBLE design . It is so unwieldy that I am considering returning it .
 I had boughten this as a gift which turned out to be an aweful idea . It is way too loud and the force of air is way too strong . It literally causes loss of hearing and causes your hair to look like you were just caught in a tornado . I do not recommend this hair dryer for anyone .
 I was not happy with this dryer and am returning it . It is very loud , the diffuser attachment is very small and the hot setting was not hot enough for me . I have very thick , very curly hair -LRB- just below shoulder length -RRB- and diffuse my hair every day . The diffuser that came as an attachment is much smaller and is flat and has the fingers sticking out , which ended up poking my head . The Helen of Troy diffuser I 've used for years has a bigger circumference and is concave so the fingers do n't touch your head . Also , most ionic dryers leave your hair shiny , but this dryer left my hair frizzy and dull . I also wish it had a longer cord . On the hottest heat setting , it just felt like the ends of my hair were getting dry , not my roots . For curly hair , if you do n't get the roots dry , you end up with flat hair that is curly on the bottom a.k.a. `` triangle head . `` On the up side , it is very light . Someone with thin or straight hair may really like it . But if you have thick , curly hair ... this dryer is mostly just noise .
 Ok , do these people actually use the items before they put them on the market ? The buttons are directly where your hand grabs the handle , so I 'm constantly turning my dryer off in the middle of using it . Good grief .
 this dryer says it 's is less noisier than most other dryers . infact it is Much Louder than my 8yr old dryer . Sounds like the bushings are shot . Drys fine but too noisy .
 I actually really liked this hair dryer while it worked . It dried my hair relatively quickly . It also came with both a concentrating nozzle to make my hair straighten nicely and with a diffuser that worked really well at drying my hair on cold days that I wanted to leave it curly . While the dryer works , it works well.It started giving me trouble almost exactly one year after I purchased it , right when the warranty ends . It started by sparking once or twice as I was drying my hair . Then it began to stop blowing at random intervals until I tilted the hairdryer in different directions . It was n't the plug - trying this at different outlets yielded the same result . This was annoying , but it seemed that if I pointed the dryer in a certain direction and did n't move , it would continue to blow . Then , finally , it got so bad that drying my hair was impossible - the blow dryer was stopping more than it was blowing . I expected it to last for longer than a year , so overall , the purchase was a disappointment .
 This hairdryer was great and did dry my thick hair quickly - until it quit only 3 months after purchase . Good basic design , lousy quality . Only buy it if you want a very short term solution .
 I purchased this hair dryer a little over 3 months ago and the heating element is already broken . It only blows cold air regardless of the heat setting that it is on . I purchased this hair dryer based on the positive reviews that it had received , and I am very disappointed . I will not be purchasing a Revlon hair dryer again . I have an old Conair hair dryer that I have had for almost 10 years that still works like a charm .
 My wife and I used this hair dryer daily for just over a year and we were pleased . Now it turns off unless I hold it a certain way , suggesting a wiring problem . Good while it lasted , but twenty bucks a year is a bit much for hot air . Will not buy again .
 I purchased this blow dryer last July after my Conair I purchased over 10 years ago at a yard sale for 50 cents finally died . To be honest I started using my Conair travel size every day when my regular blow dryer I had for several years finally died . I liked the size , power and heat setting . Unfortunately yesterday the blow dryer lost speed and is not sounding too well . Yes , it still has heat and 2 settings , but high now sounds like low and low sounds bad . FYI , I have very thin , fine , short hair , so I do not blow dry my hair for long periods of time.I 'm afraid it 's days are numbered , shame on me , but I have misplaced the receipt and Revlon will not fix without proof of purchase . I do a lot of research before making purchases and felt this was a very good blow dryer for a mid price . I will head back to the store today to begin the research process again to purchase a new blow dryer . It 's clear things are not made as well as they used to be . Hold on to your receipt and the original box , just in case .
 I was looking for a new dryer and found this one . It is very light and not very loud . The diffuser is huge which can be bad if you travel a lot like me , or have limited storage space . The ionic part works well . My hair is less frizzy and have lot of natural curl so I usually have frizz when I blow dry my hair . Why I returned it was that it the 2 heat settings were not good for me . The `` warm '' was actually hot and the '' hot '' was way too hot for my fine delicate hair . Back to the drawing board .
 and i mostly used it to tame my short bangs ! i only used it to dry my entire head of hair about 7 times at most and the thing just stopped working . first the `` cold shot '' completey stopped working , then the low . a couple sparks came out last time i turned it on so shut it off , unplugged it and threw it in the trash .
 it was good while it lasted . 6 months in something in the heat function broke and it did n't work as well as it originally did . About a year in the whole dryer broke . It will now live in a landfill for millions of years ...
 When I first got them last year they were great as advertised . Inexpensive , light , quiet and dried hair fairly fast but in 6 months one of them shorted and sparks flew out . Then last week the same thing happened to the other one . Definitely not recommended . This is cheaply made and dangerous .
 Sadly , despite how great my hair looked after drying it using this hair drier , it burnt out just after one year of using it ... and I have short hair !!
 The main reason I bought this was because it was advertised as being quiet . It IS NOT . It a decent normal noisy hair dryer .
 I have had my this blow dryer for about a year now . Though it started out strong , it now has lost the ability to heat up properly , thus leaving my hair frizzy . I have to again look for another blow dryer that is affordable and lasts . I have long thick hair .
 This hair dryer gave me problems right away . It comes with two attachments and neither one would stay on when I would try to use them . They were loose and would continually fall off multiple times in the middle of attempting to dry my hair . It has two heat settings
 This hairdryer was nice enough while it lasted . It was small and lighweight , and did a good job of drying my hair quickly and without frizz . But I bought it on January 10th of this year , and here it is April and it 's already dead . If it had even lasted a year , it might have been worth the price ... but three months ? I 'll never be buying one of these again .
 I bought this dryer based on the Amazon reviews I read . Although I am still using it as it is much lighter than my previous revlon dryer , I am not impressed . The on/off switch is located so that it at least 3 times per hair dry I am accidently shutting it off . Also , the hottest setting is not hot enough to adequately dry your hair -LRB- mine being thick -RRB- in a shorter time period . The only true good feature of this dryer is that it is lightweight .
 Ca n't believe I 'm actually reviewing a hair-dryer - I feel ridiculous doing this ... but this hair dryer is horrible ! I 'm sending it right back to Amazon -LRB- of course , they make this very easy -RRB- . Barely ANY air came out with the diffuser on and the blower was too strong without it . I 'm so glad it 's returnable .
 I had this dryer for about a month and it just stopped working in the middle of drying my hair . Nothing I could do would get it started again . I emailed the company , but got no response .
 About four months after purchasing this hair dryer , which left my hair looking dry and brittle , it started turning on and off intermittently while in use . I had to twist the cord with one hand to make the wires connect while trying to use the hairdryer with the other . One day I got a nasty electrical shock when I turned it on , and it started sparking.I took it apart at some point before I threw it out to see if I could fix it , and it turns out that their `` Ionic/tourmaline technology '' translates to the hot air being blown through a cardboard toilet paper tube that has been spray-painted gold . Apparently gold paint = tourmaline ? I think not.Do NOT buy this product . It is falsely advertised and a fire hazard .
 To it 's credit , this dryer is lightweight . The description of this item states it is `` super quiet ; '' however , I found it to be quite loud on the high setting . Also , the diffuser attachment hurts my head . Someone needs to tell the folks at Revlon that the human head is spherical -- not flat . Finally , the cold shot button takes several seconds before the air temperature drops ; it 's far quicker and simpler to just turn the dryer away from your hair to set the style . I am not able to see any increase in shine , luster , or smoothness from an ordinary hairdryer without Tourmaline or Ionic technology .
 After reading a lot of reviews here , I decided to try this dryer . I have a dryer that I love , but I thought I should try to find a back-up for the inevitable time when mine dies . The one I have is a vortex dryer -LRB- with a bell shaped end -RRB- that lifts the hair as it dries and is wonderful ! Anyway , I ca n't find the same model , so I tried this Revlon model . Oh my ... I have shoulder length color treated hair , kind of medium thickness and I ended up with a fuzzy mess ! I gave up before it was quite dry and went back to my other dryer . I wish I would have had time to start over , but I would have been late for work . Ugh ... hate a bad hair day . Another thing ... the on/off switch is at a bad place . I kept turning it off as I was using it ! My thumb kept hitting the switch . So ... its not for me , but YMMV -LRB- your mileage may vary -RRB- .
 I bought this hair dryer in January 2011 and put it in the trash can in October 2011 . From the beginning , I was n't thrilled with this dryer . The on-off power switch is poorly placed and/or poorly designed and it took some time before I quit accidentally turning the hair dryer off while drying my hair -LRB- which happened multiple times every time I used the hair dryer -RRB- . This dryer has two heat settings . I soon discovered that use of the high heat resulted in my hand getting burned because there are screws in the handle that heat up and can not be avoided . The only way to avoid getting burned is to use the lower heat setting . Then , less than nine months after I purchased this dryer , I threw it in the trash after the heating element went out altogether . Good riddance !
 Unfortuately it blows out cold air instead of hot air . The hot air is on for a second and then goes back to cold.I was hoping it would adjust but it 's not . Now I am returning it one day after the expiration for returns and only to get back half of what I paid plus additional shipping . THEY SHOULD REFUND ME 100 % FOR A PRODUCT THAT IS DEFFECTIVE .
 Nice dryer that was powerful . I did say `` was '' ! It lasted one month and then just quit .
 I 've only had this blow dryer for a few months and the heating element already went out on it . Only blows cold air no matter what the setting . What a waste of money .
 After using this tourmaline dryer the first time , I thought I had forgotten to rinse out my conditioner.The second and third time using the dryer , I suspected my flat lifeless hair was due to the tourmaline dryer -LRB- which it was -RRB- . There were other reviews saying this dryer is not for fine hair , and I should have listened . When I realized it was the tourmaline-type dryer making my hair flat and lifeless , I went to the store and bought a NON-tourmaline dryer and now my hair has its volume and bounce back .
 This hair dryer lasted about 10 months . It is still working , but barely -- it keeps turning off and on , so I am now shopping for a new one . I had to leave this review as I saw that this is one of the most popular hair dryers on Amazon . I 'm not wasting my money on another Revlon .
 I bought this hairdryer based on positive reviews here on Amazon and elsewhere . I have to wonder if Revlon paid for those reviews . For me , it was a total disaster . It has been compared to more expensive products with similar technology , but did not produce the same results whatsoever -LRB- I previously owned a high-end dryer that died after 5 years and did a very nice job while alive -RRB- . Further , this dryer got so hot while drying my hair that it once literally burned my palm . It consistently emitted a horrible burning smell . Finally , it abruptly stopped working after 21/2 months , probably due to how hot it got . I am surprised and lucky that it did n't catch on fire -LRB- yes , I should have returned it right away , but got caught up in life -RRB- . I consider this a dangerous product which deserves zero stars . Sometimes you really do get what you pay for .
 I used this dryer lightly for about 2 months -LRB- 3-4 times per week , for 5-10 min at a time -RRB- . It worked pretty well . But the first time I used it for over 15 minutes , it stopped working.After a quick internet search , it 's apparent that this is a relatively common issue with this product . It 's some kind of power/fuse issue , as the `` reset '' button on the plug keeps popping out . Now it only works on cool air/low air . I am positive I did nothing to trigger this -LRB- in the way of letting it get too hot , wet , using the wrong plug , etc. -RRB- Bummer !
 The dryer looks good and feels light . However the second time I used it , the switch to turn it off stopped working . I had to unplug it to stop the dryer . I just think it does n't have a good solid quality .
 This hairdryer has 2 heat settings
 I 've had this hair dryer for about a year . It started off working perfectly , i was surprised how powerful it was for such an inexpensive hair dryer , but i guess you really do get what you pay for ... A few weeks after i started using it it started flickering between the high and the low setting without me touching any buttons . I did n't think much of it , but as time went on it got worse and worse . Now it wont stay on for a minute without flickering to the lower setting , and since no buttons were pushed i have to wait it out for it to come back on high . It takes me 40 minutes to blow dry my hair when it used to take 20 . I am in the market for a new blow dryer , but i wont be buying this one again .
 I purchased this product 8 months ago , and it stopped working properly after three or four months , no longer running at full power . I was thinking about buying a new one because of that , but was holding off because I have n't had it that long . Tonight it started popping and smoking while I was using it , and while I watched , things inside caught fire and more smoke started pouring out if it . I quickly unplugged it and thought I was going to have to use a fire extinguisher to put it out , but fortunately once it was unplugged the smoke and such died down . I will be buying something else to replace it . Having it fail on me so quickly was bad enough , but this kind of fire hazard is a whole new level of bad !
 I purchased this back in Aug '08 from Amazon and I have finally gotten around to writing a review and it is definitely positive . This replaced my old Vidal Sassoon which had lasted years but the screen got loose and caught in the fan and it was done . I searched and finally settled on this . I could n't believe that it actually DID dry my hair faster like the other reviews had said , and also without feeling like my hair is frying and , remarkably , it does feel quite soft compared to my old dryer . My hair is medium to long and extremely thick -LRB- fine hair but a lot of it -RRB- so it still is amazing how fast this dries my hair - < / = 5 minutes . I never thought I 'd care about that cold blast shot but it has come so handy as I do use hot rollers quite often . This is also the quietest hair dryer I 've ever had . A lower softer rumble from my old one . I loved this hair dryer so much , when I saw the same model on sale at a local drug store chain later that year , I bought one for our family 's weekend place . That 's when I noticed a HUGE difference . The second one I bought was very loud , and sounded like it was working too hard . I called the manufacturer and they could n't explain it . That 's when my husband and I looked at both and noticed that the one I bought from Amazon had 4 FAN BLADES and the one I bought from the drug store had 7 FAN BLADES . The customer service rep said that is n't the reason why it sounded so bad but my husband and I were convinced and my husband is an engineer . So , I went back to the drug store and found one out of the bunch that had the 4 FAN BLADES . Voila ! It works as wonderfully as the first one I bought . So , my advice is : Be sure to get the one with 4 FAN BLADES . I do n't know how you 'd do that with Amazon , though . I strongly feel there is a remarkable difference in loudness and performance . This is an excellent hair dryer with the 4 fan blades . It 's still going strong over two years later with daily use . The second one I bought is n't used as often but is in same excellent condition.UPDATE 1/8/11 - thumbs down!It seems I jinxed myself writing the above glowing review . My hairdryer is slowly dying . Its GFI plug kept tripping a couple of days and now my dryer is running on a low speed while on the high switch , the low switch is barely running at all . Still have heat , hair is still drying but obviously I need a new dryer . I just read a recent review on here that says she experienced the same problem , but within a matter of 2 months . My dryer got a little over 2 years . It was a great dryer but now if it is as claimed by the other reviewer that this is a common problem of it tripping and motor dying , I can not really give a good review considering my old Vidal Sassoon lasted many years , if not for the loosened fan screen getting caught in the blades and ruining it .
 I bought this dryer at a local drugstore when they had them on sale for 50 % off so it cost me $ 15 + tax . The first one I brought home did n't work at all , so I returned it and got a second one . The second one never worked right , but since I threw my old dryer away as soon as I opened the first one , I TRIED to use it for about a week , before ordering a new one and throwing this one away . The switch to change between high and low speeds is a rocker switch -LRB- not a sliding switch -RRB- with high on the top , off in the middle and low on the bottom . NEVER did it work . Once used on high , I could turn it off , but not switch to low . After a couple of days , it switched to low , and then never switched back to high again . Junk . I ordered the Conair Pro -LRB- the orange one -RRB- from Amazon , have been using it for a couple of weeks , and like it SO much better .
 I really doubt it 's a new one or a second-hand thing , the plastic is really delicate to be broken and actually it 's broken already ! the bottom of of the dryer , where to input the air , it 's broken totally and I ca n't believe why I pay money for this !!
 Was broken in 1,5 year ... But it is really a lightweight . Also , enough power . So , if you do not mind to buy every 1,5 hair dryer - it is for you .
 I loved this hair dryer when I bought it -- did n't give me the frizz , dried quickly , my thick hair that 's prone to frizz was more smooth -- much better than the Conair it replaced . However , I noticed the motor making a funny sound , first just on `` high '' , but now on all speeds and temperatures , and it 's not getting hot any more . I came here to buy another one , so I looked up my previous order , and it was only January 2011 . Hair dryers should n't die that quickly . So thankfully I had the old Conair in another bathroom , and will use that until I figure out what to get next . I 'd love to recommend it , but I consider a one-year failure rate too high .
 I liked the hairdryer but it broke after 5 months of use . I only use it 2-3 times a week , so I was surprised it broke so quickly .
 Prompt Deliver . The plating instide started to wear off after about 3 weeks .
 Pantene Pro V Brunette Expressions did not work for me . After using about 1/4 of the bottle , my fine , curly hair is dry , limp and like straw . I quit using Brunette Expressions a month ago and I 've tried moisturizing and conditioning , and got my hair trimmed , but my hair has n't completely recovered . I do not recommend this product .
 I ordered four of these . They were so old that there was not enough propelent to force the product out of the can and foam . Disposed of all of the into the trash where they belonged in the first place . Not worth the price of shipping to return them .
 This is not the real one , it smelled terrible ! It is not the original I even thought it is men colon when I first smelled it I thought I made a wrong order !!!
 Angel body lotion used to be so creamy and dreamy when it was in the squeeze bottle.Years ago , one small dab would leave an enchanting scent that would only go away when washed off.In the pump bottle , it is a watered down , weakened fragrance.And it seems to get worse every time I order.Nothing against the vendor ; the shipment arrived super fast and nothing was damaged.But the texture of the Angel lotion is thin and the scent is disappointingly weak -- barely there even if I lather it on.The vendors show the picture of the squeeze bottle , but 4 out my last 5 orders came with the pump bottle instead of the squeeze bottle pictured .
 I DID NOT RECEIVED THE PRODUCT THAT I HAD ORDERED , I HAD ORDERED `` ANGEL -- CELESTIAL BODY LOTION '' WHICH WAS THE PRODUCT THAT WAS SHOWN ON LINE , WHAT I RECEIVED WAS `` ANGEL PERFUMING BODY LOTION '' NOT AT ALL WHAT I WANTED -- SO I GAVE IT TO MY FRIEND , HAD TO ORDER FROM ANOTHER SITE TO GET THE CORRECT ORDER . VERY VERY DISAPOINTED -- THE PRODUCT SHOWN WAS NOT THE PRODUCT SENT.IN THE FUTURE I WILL ORDER FROM THE OTHER SITE , PLEASE MAKE SURE THAT YOUR SENDER SENDS OUT THE PRODUCT THAT IS ADVERTISED , AS THESE TWO PRODUCT ARE VERY DIFFERENT FROM EACH OTHER , MADE BY THE SAME COMPANY , THIERRY MUGLER , , , BUT NOT THE SAME PRODUCT .
 I am sorry to tell you the item I ordered was not what your picture portrays . The one in the picture is not the one I ordered . This same exact thing happened before but I did n't send it back because I did n't want to go through all the problems of returning it , so I kept it . After a few months the bottle simply cracked down the seam , it kept getting worse and worse until I ended up throwing it away.The product I ordered comes in kinda of a domed top with the opener at the bottom . It also is called `` celestial body lotion '' . The company who I ordered it through `` Perfumia '' said Amazon pictured the wrong item and promptly refunded my purchase.I am not going to purchase anymore online , I will go down to the mall and get it at the deparment store.Thank you anyway .
 I was dissapointed with the product . It did not help the under eye puffiness nor did it help with the fine lines . I am sticking with Oil of Olay .
 fell for yet another claim for the best eye cream . i 've used it diligently and according to the instructions for several weeks and still no noticeable changes or improvements . when will i learn ? I had to give it one star in order to post . so i guess i can say it 's worthy of one star because the gel has a nice cooling sensation when applied .
 I have been using this product now for three weeks and have n't noticed any change at all . Disappointed in this product .
 Have used this product for several weeks and have seen absolutely no difference . Definitely will not purchase again . On the other hand they sent me a sample of Truth Revealed Super Creme which has been phenomenal ! Within about two weeks of using it I began receiving all sorts of compliments in regards to how great my skin looks -LRB- I am 50 -RRB- . I am not kidding - my skin looks youthful and glowing . Ordered more immediately . Thanks for the sample Ole !
 This product while costing 3 times as much works the same way as Oil of Olay eye gel . Save your money .
 I ca n't speak to the long term effects of this eye gel as I only used it once . I did not think that it dried well . My under eyes were left feeling sticky to the point of discomfort and it burned my skin . Definitely try a sample before you purchase this in case you have the same reaction . I agree with the other reviewer -- Oil of Olay is better and for a much lower cost .
 Been using this for awhile now because I refuse to waste it . My skin type
 Did not like this product . Smells awful and it after using it I did not get that fresh clean feeling .
 My face is still oily after using it . And there are more breakouts now . I will not buy it again . I will not recommeNd it
 I have to wonder if the reviewers who all gave this soap 5 stars have ever used a proper shaving soap before . I wanted to like this , I truly did . It smells great , it 's priced right and it seems triple-milled so it should last . But it just does n't do what a shave soap should do . And in order to make it properly functional , you need to mix it with another product -LRB- Kiss My Face Unscented is a good option -RRB- . A shaving soap does n't have to be $ 30 and come in a fancy bowl with Royal Warrants all over it . It basically has to do two things
 Terrible . No lather . Decent smell . A bit strong for me as I prefer no scents or scents from my aftershave . Threw it out . Everybody 's got their likes and dislikes but I hated it .
 This is not a very good shaving soap at all . Lucky to get one pass when you whip it up - and that pass will not be a very good lather . Overpriced body soap maybe - but not for shaving . I will have to use it with a shave cream combo - maybe that will help . But honestly - this stuff sux . Nice pine smell though !
 I should have known better , by the low price , that I would n't like the lipstick brush.But I had great contact with the seller who refunded me after I described the problem . So , in spite of disliking the product , I recommend using this seller .
 item is shown as 6.7 OZ bottle and I received a tiny 1.7 OZ , seller is dishonest , I could have paid less for it if I was n't fooled by the the picture and seller lies !
 Very dissapointing . The picture shows cloths with rounds corners like most washcloths have HOWEVER the cloths that arrived seem very cheaply made and squared corners looking more like small towels . I could never put these out as wash cloths .
 The first time I washed the wash-clothes a couple of them raveled because the hems were too narrow . Another one raveled in the next washing . I use these every day . I have some that were bought as seconds that have held up for 5 years - better made and thicker . The seconds have finished edges rather than hemmed . I did not expect the clothes to be luxurious , but I did expect better than I got . Also , I resent them being foreign made - and not marketed as such .
 If your thinking of getting these for wash cloths ... DO N'T . If you want something thin and flimsy for a rag then go ahead and buy them .
 These do n't even make good rags , they are rough certainly not cotton or absorbent . Put t hem in the rags in the garage to clean oil and grease .
 I do n't mind that these towels are very flimsy but what gets me is that they are light grey in color . I was expecting these to be white . I did n't care the quality because I only want to use it as a hot towel before dinner is served . But it 's not white :--LRB- so now I 'm going to try to bleach it to see if this helps . It is not as fluffy as it looks on the picture . The towel is also very grainy , it is uneven in texture ... Overall I 'm not very happy and I bought 100 of them so I can give my guest a hot towel before dinner service - ARG !
 These washcloths are of the poorest quality I 've ever seen . They 're rough and sparse in Terry loops . Luckily , they work for my needs but these are not choths for anyone who wants them for facecloths or company .
 I just needed some wash cloths ... . but they arrived with makeup on them . It is as if someone wiped their face before shipping . -LRB- even though they came in a plastic bag -RRB- Every one appears to be dingy and of greyish color . I guess I 'll wash them and use as dust cloths . Lesson learned .
 I ordered these washclothes because I wanted thin ones , but when they arrvied , the quality was awful . The color was a dingy off-white and they looked used rather then brand new . This product is not worth purchasing regardless of the inexpensive cost .
 First they said they delivered it , but never got it . So they gave me a credit back . Then a week later post office said they had my package . Went and got it , contacted company they said they could not charge me again . They said I had to contact you . I have tried many times with you but still not able to pay them . The biggest problem is with usps have had nothing but problems with them , lkast 4 or 5 orders with them they keep saying they delivered the packages but I never got them , and days later the packages they said I recieved mysteriously end up at thier office and have to go pick them up . If i order from amazoned again and find out thye are using usps for delivery I will cancel order I want nothing to to with them , just this one order have spent hours trying to reslove this and am getting very fustrated .
 I certainly ca n't complain about the price . However , when the washcloths arrived they were not at all as pictured . The picture showed terry wash cloths with rounded corners . The wash cloths I received are a thin , loose , course weave with square corners and heavy hems . They look more like shop cloths or dish cloths to me . I ordered a bunch for gift boxes for the homeless and was deeply disappointed that they were not as pictured . I have neither the time nor the money to return them , so I washed them hoping they would improve . They did fluff up just a bit , but they are still not very good . Most of them were stitched okay . A few hems were not caught and this resulted in frayed hems . They will have to do for this year , but never again . I 'm really ashamed to give these as gifts . I only hope that any wash cloth is better than no wash cloth . You get what you pay for . You also expect to get what is pictured . I 've posted a picture of the actual product . This product was so different from what I expected that I double-checked the labels on the bag . They were shipped promptly and the packaging was fine . They are labeled 100 % cotton made in Pakistan .
 The only thing I did with these washcloths was to put them in the maintenance room in my condo building for wiping tools . I often buy bulk , inexpensive , washcloths from Bed bath and beyond and figured these would be about the same . Not at all . These are thin , they are harsh and , to me , worthless . I did n't send them back because it was easier to toss them away .
 Ther perfume smells different from the original scent . Color appears slightly off too . This is definitely a fake product ! Never again .
 I was really turned off by this scent . I gave it enough of a chance , and it did manage to settle down into something milder after a few hours , but it was still an unattractive smell . It smells like something a much older woman would wear . I think it 's because of all the overwhelming florals . Burberry Classic is my signature scent , and this had none of the creaminess or fruitiness of the original . Just a steady , strong old floral . Really not my thing .
 I usually buy this in the store and figured I would try it online . It is definitely fake and not the real scent . Never again will I buy this .
 I bought this perfume based on the great reviews and I really like B-Brit , but when I received it and put it on there was a high strong note I could n't quite place , it was very like disinfecting way up in my nose -LRB- but I Am very sensitive to perfumes -RRB- kind of reminding me of final net hairspray -LRB- Too Bad -RRB- I 'm glad I only bought the sample I am going to try this from now on , saved me a-lot of money if I would have bought the full bottle ! and also to flowery for my taste I like a more clean smelling scent .
 PLEASE DO NOT BUY FROM THIS VENDOR . THEIR PRODUCTS AND SPURIOUS AND FAKE . I ORDERED A BURBERRY WEEKEND PERFUME FROM THEM AND WHEN I RECEIVED IT I FOUND THE FRAGRANCE TO BE DISTINCTLY DIFFERENT FROM MY PREVIOUS BOTTLE . IT WAS LIKE WATER . WITH THE FRAGRANCE LASTING FOR BARELY FIVE MINUTES . PLEASE CHECK YOUR PERFUMES AND FILE A CLAIM IF YOU NOTICE ANY DIFFERENCE .
 I found this scent very strong smelling and overwhelming with only a spritz . Reminds me of the Lamp Berger gardenia scent ... not a fan . I wo n't be wearing it again .
 I was wondering ... how can be half price ... now i know ... is just different from my previous bottle ; smells last for 5-10 minutes ... so please save your money . . do n't buy it ... is fakeshipping fast ... but ... : -LRB-
 I bought this perfume blindly based on reviews I read on perfume sites on the Net . And yes , buying perfume blindly is silly ; but if buying over the Internet is the most convenient means to getting certain products because those products are not readily available to you because you live in a small town , then sometimes you have to make that gamble.This is a poor excuse for a citrus scent . It is sharp and simply not good smelling . It smells bad in the bottle , on paper , and on the skin . I expected better from a reputable company like Burberry . Maybe I 'll have better luck with a Bvlgari fragrance .
 I 've always had problems with flaking and dry and itchy scalp after getting relaxers , so I hoped that this relaxer -LRB- which says it 's supposed to relieve dry and itchy scalp -RRB- would be different . It was n't . In fact , my scalp flaked like crazy and was very itchy and dry about a week after getting this relaxer.Affirm is no better than a box relaxer bought in the store . I wo n't be buying again .
 I did not receive a `` pack of 2 '' in my box . I received one carton with one 3.5 oz or 100ml moisturizer . This carton had one item in it.UPDATE
 my first online cologne buy . . dont do it smell is weak and doesnt last wish i saved my money and got cologne from outlet near home ...
 I love the product and have used it for years but this particular one is not fresh , it smells old , not bad yet but not like it is when you buy it in the store . I wo n't buy it online again , it 's too expensive to be disappointed.Tracy
 I was really disappointed with the condition of this product . The small box holding the mascara was damaged and closed with dirty tape . Upon opening the box , the mascara was dusty and appeared to have a large powder smudge on it . The mascara was visibly very old , smelled bad , and is basically unusable .
 Smelled like hairspray after it developed . The only Annick Goutal I like is Songes .
 After many people said me that parfum is amazing , I decided to try it . Well , I have to confess that I 'm not impressed with him . It does n`t have a good fixation and is more more soft . After one hour I could n`t feel anything on my skin . Until my soap smells more than parfum . I ` m a little disapointed with this but I 'm going to try one or two more times . . maybe I can adapt me .
 I 've never been able to decipher what ingredient it is in some soaps that gives me a strange ` surface rash ' on my skin -LRB- ` surface ' being that there are raised bumps that scab over but they do n't itch and they 're not red . Not painful , but not pretty -RRB- . But , turns out that this soap does this to me . It also has a VERY strong medicinal smell which is a bit too strong for what I 'd prefer in a soap and probably part of what causes me to break out . So , QUALIFIER
 This soap has an unpleasant medicinal smell . I asked for fragrance free soap and was sent this . The representative at Touch of Europe said it was fragrance free , but it definitely is not .
 Bought soap for granddaughter who ca n't use any kind of soap , she did n't like it , it looked like green mud . She would use it and bated the way it smelled .
 I chose this product based on other reviews . I already owned a light every day cologne , and I wanted to try getting something more distinctive.Catalyst is a distinctive smell . However , I did n't find it particularly appealing . I would describe it as a spicy , musky smell . I was hoping for a smooth masculine smell , but I got a sharp spicy smell . If you think you are the sort of person that would like a sharp spicy smell - this product is for you . If like me you do not find such an aroma appealing , then this product is not for you .
 After using it again , I realized it is a good product . Still , you need to buy several because each tube does not hold enough product . I guess I was comparing it to `` Gray Away '' which is no longer available . Temporary gray cover-up in a mascara form applies easy and covers around the hairline and hairpart .
 After you use Sui Dreams by Anna Sui you cant even tell ... the smell fades away in minutes . I have used the whole bottle in less than two weeks , it is like spraying water on yourself . The bottle I bought from the store few years back lasted for a very long time to the last drop . Do not buy this product.Sui Dreams by Anna Sui for Women - 1 oz EDT Spray
 another reviewer raved about the fragrance but i find it overbearing . also , the label on the front says it is hypoallergenic but as it contains perfume and several other chemical ingredients clearly listed on the back label , i do n't see how this can be true . and the coup de grace , is that the front label also claims it is made from italian virgin olive oil but this is not listed on the ingredients ; instead it says it has potassium olivate -- this just might be the chemical name for olive oil , but it sounds odd to me . anyhow , the bottom line is that this is not a pleasant soap to use . i recommend savon de marseilles , which i also bought on amazon several months ago and which i am going back to .
 The claim to be made from 100 % olive oil is a bit misleading and it has the preservative Bht listed in its ingredients on the label of the bottle . Is Bht supposed to be the antioxidant ? hmmm The 100 % olive oil ingredient is really a derivative of olive oil -LRB- potassium olivate-a salt of olive oil fatty acids -RRB- and not just plain olive oil . It 's very perfumed -LRB- and it does n't smell like a natural fragrance would -RRB- so buyer beware . Anti-aging properties ? hmmm again .
 This product is like spraying water on yourself , it has no scentand is a poor representation for a musk mist .
 I only smell the fragrance when I 'm spraying on the mist ... I wont be buying this product again .
 ... lately the products have been hit or miss.I recently tried Sticky Toffee Pudding in the 4 oz room spray and it 's definitely become my favorite -- I ca n't get enough of it ! On the other hand , my mother loves the Waffle Cone and I ordered her 2 bottles from the Demeter website -LRB- $ 14 each , plus flat rate shipping -RRB- and they came smelling nothing like the waffle cone she loves . It almost smells rancid like whiskey . There 's no problem with exchanges -- that 's what their website says anyway . I do n't know if it 's the room spray version that is bad or if they reformulated , but I 'm going to send it back and pay the extra for the cologne version.As for other scents I 've tried : Sugar Cookie - Very very sweet . A little too sweet for me.Brownie - An artificial chocolate smell , but not offensive . Does n't last very long.Graham Cracker - Hard to find the scent in the sea of alcohol in the product.Waffle - Very maple syrup-y . Strawberry Ice Cream - Very artificial owerpowering scent . Almost like a very concentrated strawberry Quik . -LRB- Strawberry milk powder brand . -RRB- Scottish Shortbread - There is some sort of oil in the mixture and when it arrived it was nearly frozen . I did n't care for this smell either . sort of an almond cookie smell but also masked by the alcohol smell.Mojito - Ick . My mom received this as a promo item somewhere and it smells like a hospital to me ! I 'm not sure which component of Mojito smell is doing that to it , but I 'd pass.There 's a Jelly Belly line scent that has something to do with blackberries . It was a pretty harsh scent . Not light and airy -- very contrived and strong . Over the top but not in a good way . Same goes for the Blueberry Muffin in the Jelly Belly line.Vanilla Cake Batter - Not very exciting . Very vanilla , not very cakey.I reviewed the Rubber and Mesquite scents on Amazon somewhere -- pass on those.Before you invest the money , go to the Demeter site and get the $ 51/2 oz splash version of the scent you like . Or just get the Sticky Toffee Pudding . ; -RRB-
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not much more to say than the title , but that 's exactly the case , i LOVE the lime scent , it is sharp and tangy , not far off from real lime by the way ! But maybe with a slightly margarita-tinge . yum , i love it . But the smell does n't last longer than a minute , even if i spray 10 sprays of it . :-LRB- . Total bummer .
 the hight note on this is great but what remains ... just think bathroom ... dont buy this one . I do enjoy a few of the other choices they have , , , , , , dont wasted your money on this
 I ordered this for my wife . I knew is was only 4 oz but it seemed even smaller . For the price it is not worth it . My wife liked the smell but the results were horrible . Would never purshase this again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I paid for a premium fragrance to give us that real Christmas tree smell and got something that smells just like the cheap pine bathroom deodorizers of years ago .
 I purchased the Honeysuckle.The scent was pleasing , however , I can walk down a househld aislein the supermarket and pick upsomething for less then 1/2 the pricethat smells just as nice .
 I bought `` Thunderstorm '' and it is absolutely aweful ! Not a clean fresh storm like I expected but wet dirt and dust . Not at all what I want people smelling when they walk into my home . I was very disapointed ! If you 're into this sort of smell more power to you , but it 's not at all something I would ever buy again .
 I bought Mildew thinking it would smell sort of like damp towels that had been in the bathroom for a couple of days but was disappointed to find it smelled more like sports liniment . Will next try thunderstorm .
 This product smells nothing like the ocean . It has an unpleasant lingering chemical odor . I 'll be returning it .
 the delivery is awful !! such a shame to ship to NJ from NY for 2 weeks !!! awful !! but the product is great as always ID . .
 I did not like ANY products from this line of makeup . This went on in a big blob . Did not look natural . I tried several different application methods , several different brushes , sponges , etc. . Would never spend this kind of money for this line again .
 I saw this in an infomercial about 2 years ago , and I was really excited . I ordered it right away . When I used this product , I got lots of pimples . It was disgusting ! I tried to give this product a benefit of the doubt , and I continued using it for a month . My skin got worse ! I was really disappointed . Everybody 's skin is different , and I just wish it worked for me as it did for everyone else .
 I do n't know if the problem was the faulty engineering of the hand pump bottle , or the packaging by the sender , but the pump handle is supposed to lock down when in a non-use mode and prevent soap from coming out . When I opened the package , one of the pump handles was not locked and the inside of the package was a gooey mess and half the product was gone from the bottle . I tried the lock-down on the handle and it would n't lock , so I think the problem is the manufacturer 's , In shipping , the bumping around had managed to pump out half the contents . When ordering , be sure to tell this supplier that they must tape the handle down or something to prevent this . I sent the product back .
 I read a lot of reviews about a &#34; clean , fresh &#34; scent . This was more like dirty dishwater . I wo n't use it and hope to find someone to give it to who likes it .
 this product was a good product however , the advertisement of this product is very misleading ! you are only getting one mascara brush . pay close attention to the color so you do n't order the wrong color .
 I have purchased this in the past with no problem but this time it had a strong acohol smell when first sprayed when that smell disapated there was no fragrance left ??? Horrible I will return it was I can find some extra time . This also happened to be a valentines present to myself ! No stars
 It gave me a decent looking tan at first , but it took many , many coats . I really did n't see a tint where I applied . It says it leaves a long lasting tan , which it did n't . It says to reapply every day or 2 which is to often for me and when it faded it left me looking blotchy . I do n't think its worth it . I would try something else first .
 I tried to get this to work on my body , but I got sunburned all over my body ! Do n't buy this ! It 's terible !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I 've use theNo-Rinse Shampoo - 16 ozon my boat for years and it is a very good product which requires no additional water and no rinsing . The `` No Rinse Body Bath '' is a little miss-leading . It does require warm water to dilute it down and then you use a sponge to bathe . -LRB- it does say this in the product description -RRB- You could do the same with a basin of soap and water . Also , I noticed a slight sticky film on my skin after towel drying which required rinsing off in the shower . I wanted to try it since I had good luck with the shampoo but I do n't think I will be getting it again .
 OVER SPRAY , OVER SPRAY WHAT A MESS!I returned this item over 25 days ago . I am still waiting for my refund .
 After you use Sui Dreams by Anna Sui you cant even tell ... the smell fades away in minutes . I have used the whole bottle in less than two weeks , it is like spraying water on yourself . The bottle I bought from the store few years back lasted for a very long time to the last drop . Do not buy this product.Sui Dreams by Anna Sui for Women - 1 oz EDT Spray
 I purchased the Honeysuckle.The scent was pleasing , however , I can walk down a househld aislein the supermarket and pick upsomething for less then 1/2 the pricethat smells just as nice .
 I bought `` Thunderstorm '' and it is absolutely aweful ! Not a clean fresh storm like I expected but wet dirt and dust . Not at all what I want people smelling when they walk into my home . I was very disapointed ! If you 're into this sort of smell more power to you , but it 's not at all something I would ever buy again .
 I bought Mildew thinking it would smell sort of like damp towels that had been in the bathroom for a couple of days but was disappointed to find it smelled more like sports liniment . Will next try thunderstorm .
 ... lately the products have been hit or miss.I recently tried Sticky Toffee Pudding in the 4 oz room spray and it 's definitely become my favorite -- I ca n't get enough of it ! On the other hand , my mother loves the Waffle Cone and I ordered her 2 bottles from the Demeter website -LRB- $ 14 each , plus flat rate shipping -RRB- and they came smelling nothing like the waffle cone she loves . It almost smells rancid like whiskey . There 's no problem with exchanges -- that 's what their website says anyway . I do n't know if it 's the room spray version that is bad or if they reformulated , but I 'm going to send it back and pay the extra for the cologne version.As for other scents I 've tried : Sugar Cookie - Very very sweet . A little too sweet for me.Brownie - An artificial chocolate smell , but not offensive . Does n't last very long.Graham Cracker - Hard to find the scent in the sea of alcohol in the product.Waffle - Very maple syrup-y . Strawberry Ice Cream - Very artificial owerpowering scent . Almost like a very concentrated strawberry Quik . -LRB- Strawberry milk powder brand . -RRB- Scottish Shortbread - There is some sort of oil in the mixture and when it arrived it was nearly frozen . I did n't care for this smell either . sort of an almond cookie smell but also masked by the alcohol smell.Mojito - Ick . My mom received this as a promo item somewhere and it smells like a hospital to me ! I 'm not sure which component of Mojito smell is doing that to it , but I 'd pass.There 's a Jelly Belly line scent that has something to do with blackberries . It was a pretty harsh scent . Not light and airy -- very contrived and strong . Over the top but not in a good way . Same goes for the Blueberry Muffin in the Jelly Belly line.Vanilla Cake Batter - Not very exciting . Very vanilla , not very cakey.I reviewed the Rubber and Mesquite scents on Amazon somewhere -- pass on those.Before you invest the money , go to the Demeter site and get the $ 51/2 oz splash version of the scent you like . Or just get the Sticky Toffee Pudding . ; -RRB-
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not much more to say than the title , but that 's exactly the case , i LOVE the lime scent , it is sharp and tangy , not far off from real lime by the way ! But maybe with a slightly margarita-tinge . yum , i love it . But the smell does n't last longer than a minute , even if i spray 10 sprays of it . :-LRB- . Total bummer .
 the hight note on this is great but what remains ... just think bathroom ... dont buy this one . I do enjoy a few of the other choices they have , , , , , , dont wasted your money on this
 I ordered this for my wife . I knew is was only 4 oz but it seemed even smaller . For the price it is not worth it . My wife liked the smell but the results were horrible . Would never purshase this again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I paid for a premium fragrance to give us that real Christmas tree smell and got something that smells just like the cheap pine bathroom deodorizers of years ago .
 Reading the reviews of the customers , I took a change of buying this but it was not even worth , I really like most of the perry ellis prods , particularly 360 range is too good , with that experience and the reviews of the customers for this perfume I bought this . Bad part is we ca n't return this nor I ca n't use it at all . If the reviews are genuine then mine one could be spurious one or fake on .
 I am very disappointed in the scent of the White Shoulders I ordered . Many years ago -LRB- over 40 -RRB- I received White Shoulders cologne as a gift . It smelled wonderful and the scent lasted for hours . I opened this White Shoulders cologne spray and used it on neck and arms ... it barely had a smell at all ! It was a surprise-and not a good one . It seems a faint imitation of a once gorgeous memory . The company making White Shoulders should be ashamed !
 I bought this product -LRB- Elizabeth Arden White Shoulders -RRB- a few weeks ago and it does not look like an original Product . The name `` Elizabeth Arden '' does not appears in the bottle and the fragance it 's not the typical Elizabeth Arden one that i expect .
 I received some of this for Christmas many years ago and I hated it . It has a sickeningly sweet smell that I do n't care for . I 'm obviously in the minority with the reviews but that 's what this is all about - opinions and everybody has one !
 I changed my EDT from D&G ; light blue to Eternity because it smelled good and lasted long . However , this one from Amazon is not smell like from store and is not last when I used at Store.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000P250SA/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 PLEASE DO N'T BUY THIS FROM AMAZON.COM . IT IS NOT ORIGINAL . DID A SAMPLE TEST WITH THE ONE FROM MACY 'S AND ONE CAN CLEARLY SEE THE DIFFERENCE .
 I think Eternity no is original , no long mor that half hour that reason is cheap.No good.SorryEsteban Orellana
 I actually tested the smell of CK Eternity for men EDT at Macy 's and I liked it . I ordered it from Amazon , since it was way cheaper than in Macy 's . But to my disappointment , and as many others have already pointed out , the smell of the bottle that I received did n't match the original -LRB- It smells like cheap soap water with a citrus tinge ! -RRB- . This is second time such a thing happened -LRB- two out of two -RRB- . The last time it happened was like two years ago , and I thought I would give Amazon another chance -- I thought the products sold by Amazon LLC -LRB- I did n't remember who was the seller last time around -RRB- will be original and fresh . But not so !!! Either the products is fake , or is not fresh -- but definitely it did n't smell like the one I tested at Macy 's . I strongly advise anyone thinking of buying this , DO N'T buy it from Amazon . Bye it from a retailer . ** YOU CA N'T RETURN ** this product to Amazon . My money has gone straight to the garbage.However , like I said , the original CK Eternity for men EDT is a good product , just not the one I got from Amazon .
 As the title states , this was a bad purchase . To clarify again , this review is NOT about the CK Eternity for Men cologne in general , but this purchase in particular.I tried the cologne at the store before I decided to buy it on Amazon . I liked it a lot , it has a fresh and invigorating aroma , and stayed for a long time after I tried it * at the store * . Indeed , I should say that CK Eternity for men is still among my top choices for a cologne.This particular purchase from Amazon , however , disappointed massively . Although the aroma is still fresh and invigorating , it does n't even last more than an hour ! I suspect that 's because this particular item has been in Amazon 's stock for several years .
 I have worn Eternity for over 12 years . When I received this item , the packaging gave me suspicion especially with a cracked lid . To add more , the scent was clearly fake to my smell sense . When I compared it back-to-back with the original one that I had , I had a definite proof . I sent it back immediately . If I were you , I would look for the same item but with Amazon as the seller . The price was almost the same .
 Love the smell of the cologne so I wanted to give this a try . While the smell is something approaching ` similar ' to the cologne , there is something extremely off-putting about the balm . What made me truly not like this product , however , is that it felt like I was smearing a slew of synthetics all over my face and the tightness this balm left after it dried was a uniquely odd , if not uncomfortable , sensation.After a couple of times using it and further noticing that a crust roughly the consistency of toothpaste appeared around the cap , I read the ingredients , and Lo and behold I had n't the foggiest idea what 90 % of these are : Water , Cyclomethicone , Propylene Glycol , Fragrance , Diethylhexyl Sebacate , Hydroxyethyl Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer , Caprylic/Capric Triglycerides , Glycerin , Allantoin , Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate , Ascorbyl Palmitate , Bisabolol , Butylphenyl Methylpropional , Citronellol , Coumarin , Disodium EDTA , Galactoarabinan , Geraniol , Hexyl Cinnamal , Hydroxycitronellal , Hydroxyisohexyl 3 Cyclohexene Carboxaldehyde , Limonene , Linalool , Magnesium Aluminum Silicate , Panthenol , Phospholipids , Polysorbate 60 , Retinyl Palmitate , Squalane , Tocopheryl Acetate , Triethanolamine , Xanthan Gum , Butylparaben , Ethylparaben , Isobutylparaben , Methylparaben , Phenoxyethanol , Propylparaben , Titanium Dioxide -LRB- CI 77891 -RRB- ^ And this list actually differs a bit from the ingredients as listed on the product I received , with the above actually reading as more benign than they read on the balm I received.After a bit of research here 's what I ultimately found regarding many of the ingredients in this product : HIGH concerns
 Ins not a 24 hr deodorant ... i will not buy again
 It smells ok , but no attraction factor . It does not last long , the smell is gone within an hour . For the price there are much better perfumes .
 This is not the original Eternity for Men . Does n't smell like the real one . Please do n't buy this product . It 's a waste of your money .
 I love this cologne when I bought from others . Dealing with Stores123 was not great , their price change several times a day . The smell vanishes away so quick . The smell stays whole day when I got it before from stores and others . When I cancelled the order they informed that it was already shipped . When I received the package found they shipped 2 days later their claimed date .
 Smells great ! However , the scent is gone before I get out the door ! Well , anyway it does a good job while I 'm in the house ...
 I love this perfume . I bought it from amazon as it was cheaper compared to any other place and thought it must be original . But when I receive it , it looks original but when you spray , smell vanishes in few minut
 I bought this product after receiving a .5 oz travel bottle from a friend . I really liked the cologne and wanted to share it with another friend . After the cologne finally arrived , I smelled both my original bottle and the one I ordered . Unfortunately , the bottle I ordered was clearly not the same scent . Do not buy this product unless they have someway to prove it is the original . The bottle I ordered does not smell bad , but it is obviously not Eternity for Men even though that 's what it is clearly labeled on Amazon .
 There is a reason it is so cheap ... it last for about an hour then its gone ... i have worn Eternity for years and it lasts for quite a while ... . not this stuff ... i did a test on my right and left wrist of my old bottle and the new i just received ... the old bottle lasted all day ... new bottle faded within the hour ... dont buy this product ... it is watered down ...
 I love this perfume . I bought it from amazon as it was cheaper compared to any other place and thought it must be original . But when I receive it , it looks original but when you spray , smell vanishes in few minutes . I tried to reach the seller to take back , but they will not take it back . I love this perfume , but dont buy it from here . No wonder why it was cheap .
 I bought this perfume and the smell does not stay even one hour , not original , and I bought in stores and not the same scent.do not buyed this seller , it 's a scam !
 Before this order . . Everyone recommended me NOT to order fragrances from Amazon . . But being a lazy and had trust on Amazon I have ordered this from Amazon and realized I really made a mistake . . because fragrance does not really stay longer than 1 hour ... I used eternity before and that have log lasting fragrance and that I bought from Calvin Klein storeShipping was great . . I got this on next day only ... but not happy with the quality of this . .
 After reading ALL the reviews for this product i was very cynical that it would be fake . After reading the good reviews i decided to buy it . When i first sprayed it it smelled very good and i thought it was the real one . But in less than an hour the smell faded and i could n't even tell i sprayed cologne . I do NOT RECOMMEND this replica
 I ordered this coz I had this in the past and obviously like the perfume very much . But the damn does n't work at all , it 's gotten stuck and I dunno what to do now !!
 I use Eternity all the time and know its scent . Buy it in Macys or other trusted stores .
 I got this for the first time after trying it in a local store as the smell was great . Once I got this and after using this , I was disappointed because the smell does not long last after spraying , So I thought might be this is not that great , but after couple of months the bottle started to leak from the bottom , then I got the impression that I might have got a fake one , that is the reason might be the smell is n't lasting long . So , I would never buy Cologne here again .
 for some reason the perfume purchased from amazon does not smell or last the same way the same product purchased at the store does . I heard this once before an thought it was hogwash but I will tell you that the fragrance dissipates soon after you put it on .
 ... lately the products have been hit or miss.I recently tried Sticky Toffee Pudding in the 4 oz room spray and it 's definitely become my favorite -- I ca n't get enough of it ! On the other hand , my mother loves the Waffle Cone and I ordered her 2 bottles from the Demeter website -LRB- $ 14 each , plus flat rate shipping -RRB- and they came smelling nothing like the waffle cone she loves . It almost smells rancid like whiskey . There 's no problem with exchanges -- that 's what their website says anyway . I do n't know if it 's the room spray version that is bad or if they reformulated , but I 'm going to send it back and pay the extra for the cologne version.As for other scents I 've tried : Sugar Cookie - Very very sweet . A little too sweet for me.Brownie - An artificial chocolate smell , but not offensive . Does n't last very long.Graham Cracker - Hard to find the scent in the sea of alcohol in the product.Waffle - Very maple syrup-y . Strawberry Ice Cream - Very artificial owerpowering scent . Almost like a very concentrated strawberry Quik . -LRB- Strawberry milk powder brand . -RRB- Scottish Shortbread - There is some sort of oil in the mixture and when it arrived it was nearly frozen . I did n't care for this smell either . sort of an almond cookie smell but also masked by the alcohol smell.Mojito - Ick . My mom received this as a promo item somewhere and it smells like a hospital to me ! I 'm not sure which component of Mojito smell is doing that to it , but I 'd pass.There 's a Jelly Belly line scent that has something to do with blackberries . It was a pretty harsh scent . Not light and airy -- very contrived and strong . Over the top but not in a good way . Same goes for the Blueberry Muffin in the Jelly Belly line.Vanilla Cake Batter - Not very exciting . Very vanilla , not very cakey.I reviewed the Rubber and Mesquite scents on Amazon somewhere -- pass on those.Before you invest the money , go to the Demeter site and get the $ 51/2 oz splash version of the scent you like . Or just get the Sticky Toffee Pudding . ; -RRB-
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Not much more to say than the title , but that 's exactly the case , i LOVE the lime scent , it is sharp and tangy , not far off from real lime by the way ! But maybe with a slightly margarita-tinge . yum , i love it . But the smell does n't last longer than a minute , even if i spray 10 sprays of it . :-LRB- . Total bummer .
 the hight note on this is great but what remains ... just think bathroom ... dont buy this one . I do enjoy a few of the other choices they have , , , , , , dont wasted your money on this
 I ordered this for my wife . I knew is was only 4 oz but it seemed even smaller . For the price it is not worth it . My wife liked the smell but the results were horrible . Would never purshase this again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I paid for a premium fragrance to give us that real Christmas tree smell and got something that smells just like the cheap pine bathroom deodorizers of years ago .
 I purchased the Honeysuckle.The scent was pleasing , however , I can walk down a househld aislein the supermarket and pick upsomething for less then 1/2 the pricethat smells just as nice .
 I bought `` Thunderstorm '' and it is absolutely aweful ! Not a clean fresh storm like I expected but wet dirt and dust . Not at all what I want people smelling when they walk into my home . I was very disapointed ! If you 're into this sort of smell more power to you , but it 's not at all something I would ever buy again .
 I bought Mildew thinking it would smell sort of like damp towels that had been in the bathroom for a couple of days but was disappointed to find it smelled more like sports liniment . Will next try thunderstorm .
 I ordered this hopeing to turn my blond hair glowing blue in support of the Indianapolis Colts in the Superbowl ! I was very disapointed in this product because it did not turn my blond hair blue and it did not glow once it was on my hair . : -LRB-
 So I fly about 1,000 miles to come see my mother and attend a special Christmas party which was very important to us . It takes about two weeks for us to gather items for our outfits , and I even go the whole 9 yards and retone/dye my hair , get a haircut , etc. so everything is perfect . This product single handedly ruined it for me.I stirred the product thoroughly , waited 15 minutes for it to sit and reach full strength , and applied it in strips . I see the bowl * barely * glowing , and since I do n't see any difference on my hair , I apply about 3 more layers , still nothing . I say , `` well , it must be because it needs to be darker . '' and I was right to an extent , I went from dim to completely dark in the car , and I still could see no difference in the mirror . My friend told me it was glowing but very faint , very soft , could barely notice it.The party was in a very dim room and no glow could be seen , so my hair just looked terrible . I even went to the bathroom to desperately wash it off but could n't really fix it and just wanted to leave.Paying this much for a one time use product that I wanted to immediately wash out makes me feel like I flushed the money down the drain.On a side note , whoever shipped it to me shipped it in record time , so that was nice.If you 're in a place with PURE or a LOT of darkness , the stuff actually looks pretty cool .
 I WANTED TO USE THIS AT LOCAL SKATING RINK ON NEW YEARS EVE - AND MAYBE ABLE TO SELL MORE AS I GOT THIS IN SHOP ALSO - WELL I PUT IT IN -LSB- -LSB- AFTER READING ALL DIRECTIONS -RSB- -RSB- GEE ... . IN COMPLETE DARKNESS THERE WAS A SLIGHT BLUE GLOW - BUT AT THE RINK -- NO ONE NOTICED IT AT ALL ... EVEN UNDER DISCO AND UB LIGHTS -- I PUT IT ON AT 8:00 PM -- ALLOWED TIME TO REACH FULL GLOW ... WAS SKATING MOST OF THE NIGHT -- WITH TOWEL TRYING TO KEEP IT OUT OF MY EYES -- SINCE THE SWEAT WAS ON FOREHEAD ... WELL I GOT BACK AND WASHED IT OUT OF MY HAIR AT 12:30 PM NEW YEARS EVE ... WASTE OF MONEY ... . JUST WISH I WAS ABLE TO RETURN THE OTHER 7 COLORS I GOT ROPEED IN TO BUYING ...
 I ordered this hopeing to turn my blond hair glowing blue in support of the Indianapolis Colts in the Superbowl ! I was very disapointed in this product because it did not turn my blond hair blue and it did not glow once it was on my hair . : -LRB-
 I have to agree with the user above . This trimmer has nice features and accessories , but the unit itself is cheaply made . I bought this model , because I was pleased with the previous model . Unfortunately though , I had to throw it out as the blade assembly kept falling off . The trimmer is very cheaply made . Avoid this product !
 I purchased this from Fred Meyer because I had liked the previous Conair model -LRB- HC220 -RRB- and this model replaced it.Every other haircutting kit on the shelf has heavy cutters and anyone who 's used the heavier models knows its hard to control a bulky , heavy , vibrating cutter after a min.of two.The attachment combs are n't blunt enough on the ends and feel like pointed knives on your scalp -LRB- very painful -RRB- , the blade adjusters are poorly designed and get stuck -LRB- sometimes the shaver stops working when you adjust them -RRB- , the entire blade assembly fell off the shaver the first time I used it , and hair gets clogged beneath the blades constantly because there is only a cheap piece of flimsy grey foam blocking cut hair from getting inside of the shaver itself , which the cut hair sticks to like crazy.EEEEKKK !!!
 Blade assembly fell off after one use . There is no information available on how to fix it . A frustrating nightmare . Do not buy this junk .
 We bought the Conair hair clipper with all the attachments because it seemed like the best deal . We defintely got $ 25 worth of use from the clipper , but that 's it . We used the clipper to cut hair for 2 people on occasion . We probably used it for about 7 haircuts then the clipper head broke ... in the midst of the last haircut . The cheap screws broke inside and the head just fell off . I tried to finish the haircut with scissors . If you are one person trying to cut your own hair , using scissors can prove to be quite the challenge.If you are looking for a cheap little clipper kit , this is the one you want . But , if you plan on using it on a regular basis or for more than one person , I would not recommend it . This clipper could leave you with a head of half cut hair ... By the way , do n't store the oil in the combo kit with the rest of the stuff because the little oil container leaks .
 This thing makes your hair too shiny , leaves a horrible feeling in the hair , and does n't smell too good . Their shampoo product is great , but their grooming creme is just horrible .
 I was a bit dissapointed because I have been searching for this perfume for an entire year.I also bought the Eau de toilette from another company a 100ml for half the price and it was better value for money .
 I had this in the 80 's . It was a fantastic , complex , animalic fragrance . However , sometime in the early 90 's -LRB- I believe -RRB- , it was sold to another company . Parlux ? Anyway , they have totally ruined it . The incredible civet and other animalic notes are just gone . And the box is cheap now too . It used to be a lovely green , fabric-covered jewel box . Now , the lid is askew , and it looks like the whole thing could fall apart within a few openings . Parlux , redo it !
 Bal a Versailles is a wonderful perfume , but the 0.9 ounce bottle I just bought from Amazon is an expensive disappointment . It smells like it 's rancid , so I ca n't wear it , and ca n't return it . Be careful in ordering .
 This bottle seems to be a cheap knock off . It looks nothing like the picture . Is this original or is this being made and sold as as the original . VERY disappointed !!! I would LOVE my money back !
 Did not receive the item ordered . A different item was substituted by supplier . Amazon did refund purchase price which was wonderful .
 suppose to get two of this item from Amazon but they only sent one and the one I did get opened during shipment and leaked so no way can I rate this a good prduct since I wo n't be able to use it .
 This product sucks . It is extremely noisy . It is impossible to hear anything but the dryer motor when it is running . It really sounds like it is going to explode .
 The day I purchased he dryer i had to return because it didnt work ... the second dryer is VERY LOUD and after maybe 4 uses i had to tape the bonnet back to he hose ... DO NOT LIKE !!!
 When my original Hot Tools dryer finally wore out after many , many years of use I wanted to find an exact replacement . This model -LRB- 1051 -RRB- looked to be the closest . I was so disappointed when I first used it and found several things that were n't as good as the original . * First of all it is very , very loud ! * The bonnet does n't pack back into the small storage space and must be left half out which is not convenient for storing it * The bonnet also becomes disconnected from the hose while in use occasionally . * The design for the controls for heat are much harder for me to use than in my previous dryer.It seems to me the over all quality of the dryer is much lower than their first models .
 It is very loud as stated by other reviewers and to top it off , the soft cap tore after only 4 uses .
 Applying product to totally dry hair still creates a somewhat shiny `` wet '' look . This is a lame matte styling creme . If you 're looking for a real matte finish , go for Khiel 's Creative Creme Wax or Aveda Pure-Formance Grooming Clay .
 I did not receive the item I ordered . Very dissapointed . I ordered the perfume as advertised but received cologne , big difference in the two .
 I ordered this because the picture shows the splash , not the spray , and I wanted the splash . What I received was the spray . I will be returning this !
 This is simply a bottle of gucky thick viscous liquid that went on looking like I had oiled my hair . Even had to wash my wig twice to get this stuff out . I would not recommend this product . The Brandywine Shampoo , Conditioner and Wig Detangler are all great products . This was n't worth my having to pay shipping to return so it went right into the trash .
 This is my first review , even though I been buying through amazon for years . When I purchased this product I thought It would be a brand new product . For my surprise , it has a tag where it says `` Tester , not for resale '' .
 I do n't have breakout prone skin and as soon as I started using this product I broke out . I wo n't order again .
 I have been looking for a fragrance that smells like a peony for a while . I rarely send things back , but this was disappointing . Does not smell anything like a peony .
 This has a very harsh smell and does not smell at all like violets . I was very disappointed with this purchase and do not recommend it .
 I thought this would smell like a sweet olive flower , but instead it smells like licorice . Great smell if you love the candy .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 Who ships a plastic bottle in a bubble envelope ? I received this item and the bottle is cracked and the envelope was damp from product leaking out . Why anyone would ship a plastic bottle in a bubble envelope is beyond me . I would like it replaced !
 My hair is very unhappy with this conditioner . I have course , curly hair that loves to frizz . This conditioner did nothing to tame my unruly locks . My hair felt sticky and heavy yet still frizzy . I switched back to my cheap $ 3 brand and my hair is happier . And so am I.
 This product may be good for your hair . I do n't know , ` cuz I have n't used it enough to say . But what I noticed the very first time I used it was how slippery it made to floor of my shower . Very scarily slippery , as a matter of fact.This conditioner contains Shea Butter and a lot of natural oils , which accounts for the fact that it 's very slick and makes anything it comes in contact w / very slippery.USE WITH GREAT CARE .
 I love tropical scents , they are my absolute favorite . This product has a very `` fake '' smell to it , there 's nothing natural smelling about it . There are much better coconut mango products out there , but this is n't one of them .
 Reviewed coco-mango lotion & dislike the butter version for same reason - scent . Too strong for me . Not overpowering . Just that I am one who only likes very , very light , subtle scents on myself . If you like the scent of the lotion , this butter would be great . It makes skin feel so nice & soft , is thick but absorbs nicely .
 I have been eating this body butter on my toast every morning for the past two months in hopes that it would help improve my dry skin . It tastes terrible - a little bit like coconut & mango , but very bitter and not sweet at all - but I would n't mind the taste so much if I saw some results . Maybe I 'm not putting enough on my toast . How much do you use ?
 Was looking for a light scent with moisturizing quality . Is a nice lotion but , for me , the scent is too strong & lacks `` freshness '' . Have used a different brand of coco-mango that has a wonderful , clean -LRB- ? -RRB- scent but moisturizing quality is lacking . Had hoped to get an all-in-one . Since the only perfumes or lotions I ever use are those with very subtle , light scents , my review is not a slam on this product . Just a heads-up for like-minded people .
 After reading the other reviews , I was expecting this to smell great . It 's more like Johnson & Johnson baby wash , or Dial hand soap -LRB- the regular orange kind -RRB- , with a faint hint of mango if I 'm really looking for it . At least it 's soap , but I would n't even want to wash the dog with it . This is definitely not worth the money -- I 've found far better body wash for $ 1 for a similar quantity .
 This soap listed as regularly selling for the list price of $ 125.00 which is also represented as weighing 60lbs and as a 72 bar case is really just O-N-E bar of soap . They sold it to me for $ 6 and then reduced the price after my call a few minutes ago . The TNT customer service acknowledged this listing is a misrepresentation of what they are selling but refused to fulfill the order after sending me just O-N-E bar of soap . Funny that they changed the price but not the all the other purposeful misrepresentation .
 I can not comment on the product itself but I was not happy with Avalon Body Product customer service . I ordered this item and a week later followed up with Avalon . At that time I was advised item was out of stock and they were trying to order from another supplier . I emailed further asking if they would ship overnight when stock was replenished and received no response -LRB- I sent that message two days ago -RRB- . I subsequently cancelled the order . Not interested in dealing with a company with such poor customer service . I should have been notified immediately if the item was backordered . I should not have had to follow up inquiring about status of my order and THEN find out item is out of stock .
 The Zia toner I received is NOT the one pictured . I used the old toner for years -LRB- the one pictured -RRB- and absolutely loved it for my rosacea sensitive skin . Zia has apparently overhauled its entire product line , for the worse in my opinion . I was sent the new toner with new packaging and a very different ingredient list even tho they still use the same descriptions as the old version . I tried it and my face immediately began that `` rosacea burn '' feeling and turned red . Very drying formula as well . It may work well on normal skin but this is NOT the product to buy for rosacea sufferers ! I 'm so dissappointed that I have to start all over in my search for mild rosacea-friendly products . Zia , if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it , you just lost a customer !
 Beware . I received something different than what I ordered . Seems they do n't carry the pictured product anymore .
 ARGH ! I had such high hopes for this cream after all the great reviews ! It smells awful and it caused my face to break out . So I tried it on my neck and decolletage , and same result - pimples ! -LRB- So in that respect , I guess it made me feel younger ... -RRB-
 Did not like this product at all because of the strong smell , believe me , coconuts do not smell like that . I used it on my butt and legs instead because I could not stand the smell on my face and I did not want to waste the product after spending money on it . Would not buy this brand again .
 I sent this to my mom as a gift and it smells like ' a version ' of the real thing . Also , she never got the gift note that I requested . I went to a perfume store and they told me this perfume is no longer being made . Seems like this is NOT THE REAL THING!Sadly I missed the return window but I will not be shopping here again .
 sure it is the cologne i wanted but there is only one small size was with all of the normal 3.2 sizes . i ordered so quickly that i didnt realize that this was not the size i wanted and there is no way to return it . i will be more careful next time .
 I have used Solano dryers in the past . They are wonderful ! When my last one broke a few weeks ago , I decided to purchase a new one from amazon . I found a reasonable one through Beauty ASAP . Not only the company sent me the wrong dryer , the product was not new . Also , they did not provide the manufacturer 's paperwork nor the warranty card . After going back and forth with them for a while , they offered an apology for being unable to provide confirmation about the legitimacy of the dryer . As far as Im concerned , the dryer is not legit ! Buyer beware !
 Professional in name only the Hot Tools 1177 died after 6 months of very little use -LRB- 2 or 3 times a week on one person only -RRB- . Save your money and get something that you wo n't have to replace in a few months .
 I got this after using a HAI flat iron , which I loved but it burned out when I tried to use it overseas . My split ends are worst and my hair gets stuck in the plates . I 'm very disappointed in this item and it was recommended to me at the store .
 I have used hot tools in the past and loved them . When my last flat iron broke , hot tools was the brand i wanted . I got this one thinking that the quality of hot tools was great no matter the price , WRONG ! This flat iron did not do a good job at all . I have very thick hair , so this one might work for someone with thinner hair . It just did not get hot enough is what i think was the problem . I ended up getting a $ 50 Con Air product from KMART and it worked wonders .
 As I paid $ 20 I really cant complain - but if you are looking for a realy great flat iron , this is not it .
 I bought this item from a local beauty supply store . I had several problems w / the flat iron . First , my hair is fairly long , and when I would slide the hair along the plate , hairs would get caught between the plate and the plastic that held the plate , breaking the hairs . It did n't matter how big or small the section of hair was , some would get caught.Second , the iron completely stopped working after about six months . It was if the `` on '' switch stopped working . Setting the appliance to `` on '' did n't cause the power light to come on , and the appliance did n't heat up . I sent the appliance back to Helen of Troy , only for them to tell me they did n't have a replacement model in stock , and they could n't tell me when they * would * have on in stock . They did n't tell me this until 4 weeks after I sent them the item for replacement.Long story short , save your money , buy a different appliance !
 My hair gets stuck in the plates . I thought it was how I was using it but I see others have had the same issue . I prefer my smaller iron by Revlon .
 I initially liked this product until it broke a week after I purchased it . One side would not heat up so I sent it back to Amazon for a replacement . Amazon was great and sent a replacement immediately . I received the second one and it broke about a month after I recieved it . Same problem . One side would not heat up . Amazon 's warranty was up so off it went to the Manufacturer . Surprise , surprise . ITEM NOT IN STOCK AND BACKORDERED . They could not get me a delivery date . I am now requesting a REFUND !
 This item was working great until just a few days ago . I only just bought it in December , 2005 , and already it is broken . One of the sides no longer heats up ! This is the second item from this brand I 've had bad luck with .
 All that infrarred crap , and the healthy and silky hair is just a lie , the purple coat you see in there starts chipping off after 3 months of buying it , the iron starts overheating and after several months your hair looks like trash , I bought it as a gift and it was very embarrasing for me ...
 It worked well , but the handle cracked near the change shortly after it was out of warranty .
 I bought this iron for fifty dollars and really liked it . It came with a year warranty - but I never sent it in , nor did I keep the reciept because
 I have used hot tools many times in the past , including their flat irons . However , this particular one does not clamp down tightly on your hair - I have to clamp it , and then with my other hand close it tightly , and then run it through my hair . It is annoying and adds time to my hair styling . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I bought this expecting it to work nicely , but no . It does n't straighten a thing . Barely even heats up . I am now going through the process of having to return it and get my money back . It was a huge waste of time and money . Do n't waste either .
 Item To heavy to mount on mirror or wall with suction cups provided . Item to heavy to carry on a plane in suitcase . I read some of the reviews before buying but still thought the item would work , but i was wrong .
 I know for a fact that many of the Canus reviews are written by individuals that work for the company . I 'm sure there are some real reviews , but I know many are related to people who work for the company or are related to people who work for the company .
 I will no longer use Canus after reading the ingredients . Pretty scary . I now use all natural and nearly natural products that I purchase from WendyLou 's Natural Bath . So glad a friend recommended her products to me and my family . All vegetable based handmade bath and body products . Her goats milk lotion and jojoba lotion are heavenly and I love her soaps and milk baths too . Definitely recommend her products .
 My wife has a nose for scents , and this Dune is not like the expensive variety which is offered by your sellers . Something just does not smell right .
 i do always go to amazon first , and i did buy before dune and other perfume 's too - no problems whatsoever but recently i 've bought dune & euphoria and these are not real !! my mom use this for years so she 's wears this not first time , the other person for whom i bought euphoria , also said that fragrance on the skin is different what she had beforei 've heard about it but was n't believer - looks like from the time amazon use other reseller they sell fake items -LRB- 1-2 days for process -RRB- shame on you amazon !!!
 I have yet to try a foam tanner that spreads well . This left me streaky and was hard to spread because it dried so fast . I now use it on my face only . It was hard to get even on hands and feet without building up orange areas on knuckles and toes . It did give me the same orange tint as most self-tanners I have tried . Not worth the price tag when I get better results from L'Oreal Sublime Bronze .
 IT SEEMS THAT AFTER PURCHASING TWO SEPARATE ORDERS OF THE PIERRE CARDAN COLOGNE IT SEEMS THAT THE COMPOUND HAS CHANGED . THE SCENT IS NOW DIFFERENT THIS IS QUITE DISAPOINTING , AFTER USING THIS PRODUCT FOR MORE THAN 20 YEARS .
 When I bought this product thought I had made a good buy but was very disappointed.The cologne smells like an ordinary bathe soap
 I ordered the Elemis musclease active body concentrate as shown at Amazon.com and received Elemis musclease active body oil . This is not what I wanted . No phone answered .
 I 've had excellent luck with Tweezerman products in the past , but the quality of this blackhead remover was second-rate . The item consists of a hollow metal tube with two screw-in attachments.Neither attachments really work . The threading of both seems to be flawed . And to use it as intended would mean to press an unstable attachment against your face ; no thanks!My e-mailed request for re-threading or replacement to Tweezerman went unanswered . This purchase was an expensive mistake .
 Both ends of item can be unscrewed , turned around , and screwed into the shaft such that the working ends are `` retracted '' into the handle -- safe for storage ... but on mine , the threads were n't turned properly , and the lancet does n't stay attached and the blackhead remover does n't come unscrewed.The heft of the tool is nice , though ... but the distribution of weight does n't feel substantial or balanced.The opening on the blackhead remover is n't large enough to effectively surround my pores -LRB- yuck , I know ... but we all know what this is for ... -RRB- , so it sits in my cabinet waiting for the really tiny blackheads.Complete waste of money .
 I have been fighting to have this product shipped for over a month . Amazon has been no help what-so-ever . The customer service line at this products website says that the mailbox is full . Emails from this product have not been answered . HORRIBLE > DO NOT BUY FROM THEM .
 I was very disappointed with this product . Not only did is sting my son 's eyes , but they also do not color on any part of the tub or surrounding walls . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 This item listing gives the impression that it is a bathtub crayon that will color the walls . They do n't - simply crayon shaped . We were looking forward to playing with the soap but were deeply disappointed . Each soap also arrived split in pieces due to poor packaging and they split again when wet . I give 1 star because it 's actually good body soap , not grimy .
 I ordered the Crayon Soap because I thought it would be so much fun for the kids -LRB- and get them clean -RRB- . Instead , it does not color on the tub and it burns their eyes . I had to throw them away -LRB- 2packs -RRB- because my kids insist on trying to play with them yet they kept getting it in their eyes !! This may be ok for older kids that know how to keep their hands off their face and do n't care about coloring with them . I too give it 1 star for at least it 's natural . Very Dissapointed !
 These crayons really serve no purpose . As the previous reviews state , they do not write on the wall well at all . Mine also got very slimy after being in the tub area for an extended period . My kids were simply not interested in them after the first time we used them .
 Way to small and does not even smell like the real curve ! with shipping and handling , I ended up paying $ 5 for nothing !
 This product is like spraying water on yourself , it has no scentand is a poor representation for a musk mist .
 I only smell the fragrance when I 'm spraying on the mist ... I wont be buying this product again .
 When the product description said `` unboxed '' - I did not think that meant it would also not smell like the fragrance of Beautiful.I gave it 2 stars for arriving fairly quickly.Bad product choice if you want the real deal.Too much of a hassle to return - but a terrible product .
 The microfiber stuck to my skin and I returned the item .
 The Body lotion is old because small bad -LRB- rancid -RRB- . I lost my money with this lotion.I never buy this cream in the future by Amazon .
 Product arrived on time but did not smell as the same when I tried it in the department store so I was very dissappointed with it .
 This product was over priced!I was inform that the same item was able to be purchased for $ 30 . I had to pay 38 something plus the shipping.Ridiculously over priced .
 These clippers cut very well but the curved design of the base and the lever make holding them very uncomfortable . Your fingers want to keep sliding toward the cutting edge . Basically , it 's a poor design and I would not recommend them . Instead , spend less money and get those without the curved based and lever .
 The cologne I received is an imitation of the original including the bottle ! I am very unhappy . Therefore I am not going to order anything from this site again .
 Do n't buy this nail clipper ; it 's a piece of junk . I hoped that spending 10 times the cost of the typical drug store clipper , I would get a decent product , but I was wrong . The cutting edge is just not sharp , which makes the whole thing useless . I am now in the market for a new clipper .
 PERFUME IS OFF-NOTE DUE TO AGE OR IS A KNOCKOFF DEPARTMENT STORES HAVE STOPPED SELLING THIS PRODUCT.THIS PERFUME SET MUST HAVE BEEN A LEFTOVER .
 Either the quality of this perfume has seriously degraded since my last purchase of Calyx or I was shipped a knock-off . It 's unwearable .
 My wife wore Cachet for years . We both can pick out the scent upwind in a hurricane . She even has a jewelry box that has some cotton batting in the bottom that had Cachet spilled in it , and it still smells of Cachet to this day . Whatever the stuff is in this bottle , it 's not Cachet . Not the original anyway . Not by a long shot . It smells like the cheap aftershave your creepy uncle wears . It does n't even look right . It 's far darker and more amber than the original was . The original recipe may exist and may be available somewhere , but this is n't it . This is nothing but a rip-off . -LRB- And now of course , adding insult to injury , I see in small print that this item can not be returned . -RRB- Save your money . Unless you 've got a creepy uncle who has a birthday coming up .
 Do n't Buy ... I 'm Very Disappointed . I 've been wearing Cachet for years . This stuff smells old , Like it 's been sitting on a shelf for years . The perfume color is way to dark , Instead of a light straw color . Makes me wonder if its been exposed to heat . It does n't smell the same as the Cachet I bought at the store last week . Save your money . You Ca n't Return It . Zero Stars .
 Bad business practice ... I still have not receive my order ... they do n't respond to emails , or they just do n't know how to handle a frustrated customer ... Ripped off ... USA Nutra ... . stay away from this company !!!!!
 They are tasty , but Carr 's -LRB- aka United Biscuits in the UK -RRB- has refused to reformulate away from trans fats , which are dreadfully unhealthy , and have been replaced with much less noxious ingredients -LRB- eg palm oil or butter -RRB- by almost all other premium cookie manufacturers . Shame on them .
 I 'll upload a picture of the cookies from the package . The packaging is the reason for the poor review . Not a box but book packaging and no bubble wrap ... I wanted cookies not crumbs . Although , I 've heard the calories fall out in the breakage .
 I was really hoping this would work for me since I read a lot of positive reviews : -LRB- This dried up my hair and did n't seem to help with my excessive hair loss . I am highly disappointed .
 i brought this shampoo after i read the reviews online and on amazon i have been using this product a little bit longer than 6 weeks and although it has made my hair thicker it hasnt stopped the shedding so im a bit disappointed now in trying aloe vera juice , hope it works
 i 've used this product twice so far . it burned my scalp . i felt pain all over my scalp when i comb my hair . the chemical in this shampoo is too strong , the hair near my hairline are falling out .
 Okay , I purchased this product to help with the extreme shedding and breakage I have been experiencing . I have been using the product for 5 weeks now and I still have the same problems with extreme shedding/breakage . HOWEVER , after using this product , my hair is like EXTRA soft . I know there are a lot of hair products that can be used on any and all types of hair but I normally stick to ethnic products and when I researched this product , I did n't know if the reviews were based on that , I just bought it . I like how it softens my hair . I usually relax my hair every 6 to 8 weeks and by the six week , I struggle to make it to the next week . Since using this product , I am almost at week 6 and it does n't appear that it 's almost time for the relaxer . My opinion is that it is a great shampoo and conditioner , the smell , even thought unscented , smell fresh and clean and your hair feels GREAT !
 I was looking for Unscented Shampoo and Conditioner because of asthma and COPD But this stuff is quite the opposite and very strongly scented . Smells nice but strong . I understand its unscented garlic but the discription lead me to believe the products were totally unscented.Nutrine Garlic Conditioner Unscented 16 oz.Nutrine Garlic Shampoo Unscented 16 oz .
 I just bought this product a few days ago and I have nothing good to say about it . It goes on smooth and after it dries it looks like your nails have tiny bubbles all over them . Furthermore , by later in the day it was peeling back from the tips of my nails . Took it off and started over again the following day and got the same results . I used to use this product many years ago and I do n't remember having so much trouble with it . I 'll be tossing it in the garbage and continue shopping for something that is going to work properly .
 Do not waste your cash . I have nice thick healthy hair but after using this and the leave in product it feels completely dried out and is unmanageable . This is hands down the worst product I have ever used on my hair !!!!!!! It leaves your hair in the same state as Prell does without putting in any conditioner . HORRIBLE . It made my hair tangle in the shower worse than Prell !! This company should be embarrassed for charging what they do for this and they need to go back to the drawing board !!! Glad I bought small containers !
 I got the wrong product . It 's a Dior perfume but do n't like the smell at all . 1st time I ever got wrong item
 I love Hynotic Poison ! I 've been wearing it for years ; drawback is it 's expensive . I purchased my last bottle from Amazon , which was $ 5 cheaper than the web site I normally buy from . What I purchased was a copy , smell a little lighter -LRB- original stays with you longer -RRB- , bottle did n't have gold ring on neck , cap did n't fit . I took the cap off of my bottle that was almost empty and trashed the bent one . Bottle is darker , lettering was plainer . I am still angry that I paid full price for a duplicate . I love Amazon , this is the only problem I 've ever had with a purchase . But I 'll never purchase this cologne again from here ...
 It was mistake buying a perfume just by reading amazon reviews . Everyone has different taste so you should try first before buying . Every one will not like vanilla fragrance . A word of warning , Amazon does not take returns of perfumes , it treats them as chemicals .
 The product was fine . The perfume did not come in a box . Why was there no box when the product was sold as new
 Beware It 's a bad imitation !!!!!!!! Completely fake , fake smell , fake jar , fake all around ... . Save your money !! It did n't smell right , maybe cause it seems to be the original 60 or so more times diluted !!
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT ORIGINAL . IT IS LIKE THE ORIGINAL , IS GREAT COPY BUT NOT ORIGINAL .
 Biosilk is amazing . The conditioner is not.It drys out your hair , does not make it soft at all . And makes my hair feel unclean .
 I can not quite put my finger on why but I hated this product . It gives minimal coverage . The color was not right for my skin tone so I took it back to Sephora and exchanged for the next lighter color . That color did not suit me either . I do n't think it gave me the glowing , dewy look that I hoped for in a foundation . I recently got a makeover from Laura Mercier and I love their foundation as well as concealer . If you really want to add a glowing look to your skin I would recommend adding Artificial Light by Smashbox Cosmetics to any foundation that you purchase .
 I have ordered many times from Amazon , and this is the first time I was not happy . When we received the product and took the top off , the pump part had been opened , and most of the makeup was inside the lid , losing more than 1/2 of the product . We love the product , but the shipping/handling was very bad , we were very unhappy .
 The product `` Stila Illuminating Liquid Foundation '' is incredibly watered down . Feels like you 're putting paint on your face , as you actually feel it dripping down your skin as you apply . At the same time , it feels heavy and sticky once applied . That being said , I was quite surprised to see how flawless my skin looked after using it . But if you 're looking for something that will wear all day , this is n't it .
 I thought that theStila Illuminating Liquid Foundation , 10 Watts , 1 Ouncewould be better for me than my off-the-shelf foundation that I got at Walmart . The Stila foundation was on backorder , so I did n't get it with the rest of my shipment -LRB- which includedStila Illuminating Powder Foundation Refill , 10 Watts , 0.34 Ounce -RRB- I 'd planned to wear the powder version over the liquid version . When I tried this , it looked too fake . I tried the liquid foundation alone with my Marutaki Rice Powder I got some time ago from the VT Country Store . Better , but still too shiny for my taste . I ended up sending it back.Right now I 've decided to wear -LRB- in this order -RRB- moisturizer , the Stila Beauty Balm , my Walmart liquid foundation topped with the powder version of the Illuminating Foundation . I top everything off with the Marutaki Rice Powder because it gives a nice matte finish . Sounds like a lot , but it works and looks really natural blended well .
 I have been growing more and more desperate over my thinning hair , to the point , apparently , of total stupidity . The proof of that is the money I wasted on this product . Reviewers advised me to order a shade lighter than my hair , so I ordered light blonde . Unfortunately , light blonde is the exact same color as my scalp , so the powder did absolutely nothing for me other than rain all over the counter , and my shirt , and make me sneeze ! If it were n't so overpriced for what is essentially colored talcum powder , I might be sucker enough to buy a shade or two darker than my light blonde hair and try again . But , times being what they are , I 'm going to give it a pass .
 this was to be light brown but looked black on my scalp and does n't spread once applied to an area , i quit using it .
 After my hair transplant the doctor explained me that my hair transplant wouldnt fall off . Ive been using Toppik since then and i have noticed that am losing my transplanted hair , I asked my doctor , Martin Behnke and he explained me the reason might be due to the usage of toppik and to stay away from any product that contains Ammonium Chloride and DMDM he recommended me Hair Cubed and another product i dont recall the name but i have to say i dont have money its a little to expensive for me . So here am spending a fortune on hair transplant and to my luck a bottle of toppik cost me to lose nearly half of my expensive hair .
 If you are reading this , you 're going to bald and going to buy this product no matter what I say . Just be sure to save the shipping package and get ready to return .1 -RRB- Why I do n't like product
 The idea 's great . And I still use it -- sparringly and seldom . The biggest issue is that the end result looks more like fur or fuzz rather than hair . It 's pretty easy to spot by looking in the mirror -- and people around you will notice it in good or decent lighting . Perhaps it 's because my hair is not just a little thin -- the thinning , especially upfront is significant.I think if your hair is just beginning to thin , it 's a good solution -- it will create a dark background for your remaining hair , and will probably be hard to detect . If your hair is significantly thin like mine , you will be disappointed with the results . Also , the fibers are so fine and light that the faintest movement of air will blow them away during application -- you need to hold the can right next to your hair to avoid that . And it doesn ' e seem to `` stick '' to my remaining hair . It seems to fall through and stick to my scalp , probably because there are plenty of tiny vellus hairs there still . Also -LRB- and probably for the same reason -RRB- , I always end up with a lot of the fibers in front of my hairline , and it just looks like dark dust . Trying to brush it off with a towel or a hand creates clumps that have to then be carefully and tediously brushed away.I wish the fibers were a bit larger -- perhaps that would make it work better . But if I am going out at night and the lighting is poor , it works fairly well in reducing the appearance of baldness .
 I 've used Caboki for months now and I thought I would try this product to compare . Thankfully I only bought the small size.First of all , Toppik smells somewhat like cat urine ... not sure what is in it that would cause that.Second of all , the blond color is waaaay too light for most shades of blond and looks ridiculous in my ashy blond hair . The lighter the color , the thinner the hair appears.Third of all , it is a lot dustier and does not stick as well as Caboki .
 I read about it in a magazine and it was reccommended -LRB- ca n't remember which mag . now . It did not help my hair at all , nor would I ever recommend it to anyone .
 This product just covers the thin areas by providing color . I have been applying it for the past 3 weeks . However , did n't notice any change really
 I was not happy with it . The product just covered the scalp and did not look like real hair upon closer examination . I think it 's an over-sell .
 I bought this after hearing good reviews on toppik . I guess this color specifically turns green on your scalp . I found out after the fact . It looks like ashes . Horrible and a waste of money . Wish I could send it back .
 My hair dresser introduced me to TOPPIK to go along with my Rogain . Both are great but together over time they have cured 80 % of my hair loss isses which is amazing . A little TOPPIK on your scalp dulls and colors your exposed skin and thats all i needed to solve the ballance of my issues . Works good
 Maybe it 's me but , it just does n't look like hair . More like powder on my head.Save your money and go elsewhere .
 I am fairly young and I was in constant search of a product that would hide my bald spots . I looked at Rogaine and trying vitamins like Biotin and such ... but I wanted instant results . So I came across this product . My bald spots are located at the top of my head near the back . Maybe where the scalp ends . It 's unsightly and it does n't help that I have very thin hair , so I ca n't hide it by just moving hair around lol . Quite honestly , I do n't want to end up leaving my hair in a bun for the rest of my life to hide my bald spot . I like variety . So , when I received this product , I was really excited and I applied it to the spot . It 's extremely difficult when your bald spot is at the back of your head ... obviously it 's hard to apply something there when you can not see anything . But I went on , and used two mirrors to see what I was doing -LRB- one in front and one in back of me -RRB- . It looked great from far away , I was still concerned with how it would look if people had to stand close by me . It looked great ... really great from far away . I was ecstatic that it blended so well.Here comes the problem . I noticed a few people that kept hovering behind me or looking in my direction oddly . I knew immediately that something must have looked bad enough to cause such attention . Mind you , no one mentioned anything to me . But I knew , when I got home and took photographs . Sure enough , the spotted pattern appeared -LRB- I included a customer photo above -RRB- . Okay so maybe you 're saying to yourself , `` She should have bought the applicator ! '' And you 're right , maybe I should have . But honestly , I wish someone would have told me that without the applicator this would make you look like you were some sort of hybrid of human and animal . It would have saved a lot of embarrassment . I `` m not going to diss this product entirely , because it worked and it looked somewhat natural in terms of color and blending . But the experience after using , over weighs the pros.Here 's another con
 I really had high expectations for this product based on the highly rated reviews , but I was very disappointed . Now I will let you know that I am an African American with natural hair -LRB- sister locks -RRB- and i have noticed my locs are n't as thick as they used to be so I wanted to see how this product would work . Well when I put it on , the color was a bit weird . Though I ordered black it was black greenish gray looking . Weird is all I can say . It kinda reminded of cigarette ashes or something and it just did n't adhere well to my scalp and between my locs . Thankfully , I found this product called Caboki -LRB- i think that is the spelling -RRB- and it 's unbelievable how good this product works ! It 's amazing !!! I actually thought I would be disappointed with it like I was with the Toppik because usually these products are made for Caucasian type hair , but it worked miracles for my hair . My daughter is a hair stylist and I asked her to look at my hair and tell me if she noticed anything different . She just said my hair seemed thicker . When i showed her what it was I used on my hair , she was impressed . This stuff is literally like fine hair in a can or bottle or whatever the container is ... that you can shake on your hair . The best part i found is that when I rub my scalp it does n't come off and get all in my finger nails . Just an amazing product . Anyhow , in my opinion Toppik is n't the product for Ethnic -LRB- or at least natural ethnic -RRB- hair . I do n't work for the Caboki company , but I would n't mind investing in the company because i will definitely be buying more of that particular product so I gave Toppik two stars because I would not have found that product on youtube had I not been searching for Toppik .
 I had previously ordered this product directly from the manufacturer . The order I received was nothing like my prior purchase . The color is way off and is kind of purple . Also , the consistency is not the same . My most recent purchase is a very fine powder and makes a huge mess in my bathroom and on me when I use . I am 100 % dissatisfied with my purchase and will only order directly from the manufacturer in the future.Beware of buying this product from unknown vendors .
 I did n't like this product at ALL . It clumped when I put it on . I will never buy it again .
 Do n't order from this company unless you plan on waiting until the cows come home . 4 days after placing my order & the product has not been sent . What kind of customer service is this ? It 's the kind that sends me the other way .
 We paid almost the price of the bigger size and were stunned to receive the smaller one . Outrageous !! What kind of increase is this ?? Disgusting . Beverly Hills return address on the package so I 've paid their rent !
 It is like sparkling powder or dirt over your head . You can tell it is there ; it is like when you pass under a construction site and suddenly cement powder come to your head .
 never trust it as magic as the advertisement shows ... barely work even you have some hair on the top ... the powder just did n't stick to the scalp at all . . NOT Recommend to purchase ...
 I work out and when my sweat mixed with these fibers i found that the color bled out of them . I had to run to the bathroom several times to wipe away the dark green streaks that were making their way down my face . Similar products that I have tried did not have this contraindication .
 Its just a black powder like substance like powered coal . It never sticks to you existing hair . . but falls on your scalp and all around your shoulders as you move and if you sweat it will be black .
 Toppik melts and drips if you perspire , and turns blue . The 2 times I used it , a blue line dripped down onto my face . It is very hard to remove with soap from one 's skin . And unless you constantly look in the mirror , how do you know if your face has turned blue ? For this reason , the product is just awful .
 Even with the spray made to make the fibers stay in place , they do not.The fibers do rub off on pillow at night and you wake with them all over your face . The fibers brush easily off the pillow case and brush easily out of your hair . So do n't plan to brush your hair while out in public . Also the spray makes your hair as stiff as broom stray . Totally an awful experience .
 I agree with the other reviewer who said most of these reivews must be fake . They must have gotten all their employees and their family and friends and so on to come online to write great reviews . All this product does is make your forehead look like someone rubbed black coal dust all over it .
 Even when using the sprayer accessory , these fibers do NOT stay where you put them . I tried using it to cover up thinning hair along my front hairline and would have dark dust on my fingers after touchng my forehead - this product makes you look like there is chimney dust falling from your hair . If it would stay in place , I think it would be a decent cover-up . The claims of it not coming off when it gets wet seem incredibly false to me - all you have to do is shake your head and they will sprinkle down onto your face . Also , it looks ` fake ' when under direct light .
 My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now . It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots . My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head , which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair . And in the sun , it actually turns a pinkish red -LRB- he uses dark brown -RRB- ! The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie . Even with a bit of wind or humidity , the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face , making it look like tar . It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets . I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity because my husband truly believes that I still do n't know that he uses the product ! Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair . Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind , constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product , and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place . Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it does n't even bother me , my husband constantly obsesses over his hair . Instead of enhancing his look , Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place .
 I ordered the .36 oz in Light Blonde.I have diffuse thinning on the top of my head and wanted a way to tone down any shiny scalp areas near the side part . My hair is a light to medium neutral blonde shade . Based on some of the information I read , I believe I am exactly the `` target '' customer . Older with some thinning hair.I watched videos and read instructions while waiting for the Toppik to arrive . I applied it as per the instructions , with the exception that I peeled back the paper seal far enough to open only three rows of shaker holes . I was planning on purchasing the specially designed Toppik applicator as soon as I tested the small bottle.My first impression was that I could not see where the product clung to the hair shaft . In fact , all I could see in my bathroom mirror with incandescent lighting was a matte , dusty looking scalp that had a distinct greenish tinge . Yes , it looked somewhat greenish to me . Yellow green . Anyone who has experimented with hair color in the ash color range will understand what I was seeing.The product , as described and shown in literature , appears to cling to hair shafts via static , and it looks somewhat like cross-hatching in their illustration . At least that is what it reminded me of when I saw it . But the powder itself is a fine , fine powder with a slightly gritty feel . It does not look like the elongated fibers in the illustration . However , if you do a Wikipedia search on Ammonium Chloride , one of Toppiks ingredients , it is shown as having the elongated appearance , though this would be microscopic in size . So if you have a microscope , I suppose you could see something that might be fiber-like . I got a headache after using it and I think it was due to accidentally inhaling some of the fine powder as I tried to brush my hair . I needed to shower and wash my hair , face and neck just to make sure that I removed it all . I tend to have allergies , so I 'm not saying everyone would have this reaction . That 's just my reaction.I will never use the product again . I purchased it from Amazon and I am going to request a refund . I normally do n't ask for refunds , and in the 12 years that I 've been purchasing from Amazon , I can only recall requesting a refund on a physical product one other time , and twice with eBooks . So I do n't do this often , even if the product is not useful . Because this product has advertising that I find very misleading , I feel that I do n't have a choice.If you find the product works well for you , congratulations . But please do n't tell me I am applying it incorrectly or that I will get better with practice . I will not apply this product to my scalp again .
 Save your money these products have no merit and are a sham ! None work , I 've tried them all . Rogaine even works better . This irritates and smells awful too .
 My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now . It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots . My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head , which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair . And in the sun , it actually turns a pinkish red -LRB- he uses dark brown -RRB- ! The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie . Even with a bit of wind or humidity , the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face , making it look like tar . It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets . I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity because my husband truly believes that I still do n't know that he uses the product ! Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair . Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind , constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product , and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place . Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it does n't even bother me , my husband constantly obsesses over his hair . Instead of enhancing his look , Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place .
 What a waste of money ! I bought it based on the youtube video and the product seemed to be an amazing fix . I dont believe that video at all , must have been doctored digitally . This product is like putting dust in your hair . do you really want that ! and it shows ! ewww !
 I 'm in my early 30 's and have a receding hairline . You ever sleep with hairspray on your hair and to wake up next morning with linty hair ? That 's exactly how I would describe the texture when you use this on your hair . I purchased color black with the pump sprayer , pick/comb , and their hairspray . I accidently sprayed the toppik powder onto my scalp and noticed the toppik color was more like dark purple . It takes a while to perfect the use of the pump to get the right amount of Toppik sprayed only onto the hair . No matter how perfect your results come out , up real close you can notice something different and I 'm sure under the direct sunlight it 's probably 10X more noticeable . Toppik claims that people ca n't even notice 2 inches away , that 's bull . This is definitely a better product than Couvre the scalp concealer . Toppik hairspray is like any other strong hold hairspray , absolutely nothing advanced or special about it . The comb is a piece of crap , made out of cheap paper/plastic not even worth a quarter ! Go to a dollar store and find yourself a better comb . Toppik comes off easily so avoid moisture even your sweat , wind , and any objects & elements disrupting the do . The money and the time you have to spend to get a half decent look in my honest opinion is not worth it . I rather deal with a wearing a hat then worrying about an embarrassing toppik malfunction . Maybe if you 're in your 60 's and not as concerned about the natural look then more power to you , but I still think people are over paying for a product that does n't promise what they claim . I 'm currently trying a product called NuHair . I 'm taking the vitamin and using their hair serum . I 'm only on the second month and hoping to see some results within the next few months . There are no cheap quick fixes that lasts forever so I 'm going to commit to this NuHair program for 5-6 months and hope for the best . Figure hair transplant takes up to 6 months anyways so might as well give the natural method a 6 month commitment . If the natural way fails then Rogaine is a possibility and then hair transplant . Bottom line , my girlfriend thinks I wasted my money on this product -LRB- toppik -RRB- and I 'm going to have to agree with her on this . Hope you guys learn from my mistake . If you guys know of any good hair transplant doctors in the bay area CA let me know . Good luck fellas .
 Got this From AMSG enterprises on amazon , and man , what a dissappointment.It looks like you have a coat of spray paint or dust on your head . I could see if you are thinning , and your scalp doesnt show , it may work , but if your scalp shows at all , this stuff does not work . Unlike the claim of being undetectable , can see this from 10 + feet away .
 It works fast . If somebody looks at your hair , the first question they may ask is to remove the powder on your hair ... Its like powder not like hair . If you have more than 50-60 % of hair exists , it may be ok . If it 's less than 50 % , forget it ... : - -RRB-
 First let me explain . My hair has been slowly thinning all around for the past 2 years . It 's mainly been thinning in the front.I 've tried Rogain for 2 years and yeah i 'm not sure if that 's even helping.Through research and seeing what other people use to cover up balding i found out about toppik . Now the commercial made it look like you sprinkle on REAL HAIR . I 'm a skeptic so I was never expecting that so the fact that it did n't look like the commercial did n't disappoint me . Oh yeah I also had to pay $ 20 bucks for an f 'n spray pump thing . Why did n't that just come with the toppik to begin with ? It 'd be like buying windex without the spray cap and having to spend $ 20 so you could spray it . Totally reasonable right?Ok when i first got the Toppik in the mail i sprayed a little on my arm to test it . Of course it does n't look like real hair but surprisingly it looks really good . It 's basically just black makeup but it blends really well and that 's all i was expecting . So i applied it to the two balding spots in front of my hairline . And it looked AMAZING!I was so happy ! It really made it look just like i had all my hair back.You ca n't comprehend how relieved i felt . I was so happy I figured wow i could just use this till i get ridiculously bald.It was a dream come true.What I did was apply the toppik before I went to work and then wash it off before bed.So great right?Troubles are over?No -_- At about the third day in I washed it out and noticed something weird . My hair was thinner than EVER!I thought it was my mind playing tricks on me and i REFUSED to believe it.Could the toppik be making me lose my hair ? NO WAY ! I researched this thoroughly and everyone said the same thingtoppik does not make you lose more hair.To put my theory to the test I stopped applying toppik to the left part of my hairline but continued to use it on the right part of my hairline . The balding on the right side got way worse and the balding on the left stood the same.Yes it 's true toppik actually made me lose more hair . I would have been better off stealing some of my sisters makeup.This product is complete BS and I HATE everyone involved with marketing this scam . I 've now lost even more hair and even more depressed about it.I seriously just wanted to aim at my bald spot and blow my brains out . I hate toppik and i hate everyone involved with marketing or selling it .
 If you have a lot of hair on top of your head to begin with , this might be of some use . Having only a fews wisps up there it was just like painting my head . Stupid !
 4 months ago , I purchased 2 bottles of TOPPIK hair fiber based on all the good reviews that I read from others . After using it for 2 months I noticed my hair loss getting worsen especially on the hairline area . I immediately suspected it had to do with TOPPIK . Then , I went online did an intensive search and found a few blogs that mentioned this produce can actually cause you loss more hair when using it for some people . I immediately stopped using it and my hair loss slowly back to normal pace not as intense as it was when i was using Toppik . Currently , I am on a laser treatment . It seems to maintain my existing hair . BUYER BE AWARE TOPPIK CAN CAUSE MORE HAIR LOSS FOR SOME PEOPLE WHEN USING IT .
 `` I think where this started was a Bud Westmore Product used in Hollywood for years to give the impression of hair on face or head . '' Well it may work for someone on camera for a few minutes but to actually use this stuff for hours upon hours throughout the day or night in public is a total joke ! It looks like dirt or heavy dust on your head . And its hard to come off . . then you use the hair spray , its like in my case medium brown glue on your head ! Its awfull and I do n't understand how many millions including myself overpay for this crap ! And this brand is supposed to be the best . My Salon Owner laughed at me for using this so-called quick fix to a small balding spot I have . She told me that is was a `` Scam '' so you did not hear that from me . You can tell a mile away that you use this stuff . And god forbid you use for your hairline and it will start running down your forehead with just the slightest bead os sweat . Terrible product and the folks that make and sell it should be in jail !
 I 'm 31 years old and I 'm sadly receding and my hair is becoming thinner . I hate it so much because it feels like my youth is being taken away . The good reviews on here are wrong . It really looked like I had build up of dust on my head . You could see my scalp covered with this dust . It looked awful . The worst part is I did it at work and I took it off with water and it smeared off . I looked ridiculous . I feel stupid and I have lost more hope . This product is $ 24.99 and it should be banned for sale because of false advertising . Do n't believe the videos they show . If your really curious just try it . It 's not worth the time and money . You 'll feel stupid in the end for falling for this SCAM . I 'm getting my money back by returning it .
 My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now . It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots . My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head , which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair . And in the sun , it actually turns a pinkish red -LRB- he uses dark brown -RRB- ! The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie . Even with a bit of wind or humidity , the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face , making it look like tar . It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets . I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity because my husband truly believes that I still do n't know that he uses the product ! Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair . Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind , constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product , and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place . Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it does n't even bother me , my husband constantly obsesses over his hair . Instead of enhancing his look , Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place . Instead of boosting his confidence , Toppik has made him even more insecure about losing his hair .
 I used the this product powders I lost more and more hair , after researching I found out DO NOT USE ANY PRODUCT CONTAINS AMMONIA !!!
 I thought I ordered medium brown . This is the wrong color - way too dark for me . Wish it was right !
 its just powder that clings to your hair dont get wet at all cost wish it could have done better
 My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now . It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots . My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head , which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair . And in the sun , it actually turns a pinkish red -LRB- he uses dark brown -RRB- ! The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie . Even with a bit of wind or humidity , the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face , making it look like tar . It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets . I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity because my husband truly believes that I still do n't know that he uses the product ! Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair . Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind , constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product , and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place . Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it does n't even bother me , my husband constantly obsesses over his hair . Instead of enhancing his look , Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place . Instead of boosting his confidence , Toppik has made him even more insecure about losing his hair .
 I used the black variety , a few days after I used it I noticed a strange blue-black colour in my nasal mucous . The strange colour disappeared after a week of discontinued use . The active ingredient is probably carcinogen . I reported the adverse reaction on the FDA form . I do n't expect any action from the Agency as this agency is grossly inefficient and is paid off under the table . Good luck , you 're on your own in this beautiful country of the U.S. of A.Toppik Hair Building Fiber Dark Brown
 I have been a Toppik user for many years now and have enjoyed the use of their products . I was upset though when I received my purchase that it was not at all as it was shown in their advertisement.They had a picture of a larger size of the Toppik , 25gm , yet I was sent the small one , 10.3 gm?I was not very pleased to say the least when I open the package . . Besides being mislead , the product itself is fine . .
 need more slim dispenser on this product than hole bottle at once , yet with a smaller size of application with same economy of scale .
 DO NOT BUY THIS UNLESS IT IS FROM DIRECT MFG . THAT WILL GIVE YOU MONEY BACK IF NOT SATISFIED !! I bought this from the natural health shoppe , and I got stuck keeping a product that does n't work-they would not refund any opened product !! How else was I going to see how it worked ? I guess this is good for people that have used it without any problems or are satisfied with this product .
 I ordered dark brown . I was sent black . I immediately emailed them , they apologized , told me to return and they would send correct color . I sent it back the same day , have never heard from them or recieved product or refund . All I want is what I ordered .
 I bought two at the same time from same retailer . One was very weak and faded very quickly the other smelled like alcohol .
 There were a lot of good reviews so I took a chance on the cologne due to the low price , but it was too sweet for my liking and I just did n't care for it . Maybe it 's just not for me . I still use it from time to time due to the fact that I already bought it and it 's usable , but I just do n't feel content that it 's just okay .
 Being a huge fan of Carlos Santana , I had to try the cologne . The fragrance is much too sweet and blossom like . This is not a light cologne , so the strong statement is not a good one for me . It has a nice hint of musk and if the sweet smell was backed way off , I think it would be very nice . Sorry Carlos , I wish I could support you on this one .
 I was excited to get this product because I had been using the eye cream and thought it was very helpful , but I was unable to use any of these products because my skin was too senstive . I am not sure what incrediant -LRB- s -RRB- might have beenthe contributing factor , but I ended up throwing this away and purchasing bare essential products .
 This product seemed to be working at first , it does really dry out the blemishes . . however into the second week of use I noticed my face breaking out heavily . . a lot more than ever before on any other product and I have tried everything from Proactive , to Natural Soaps and Products , the dermatologist , Acne Free , The Body Shop 's line for acne , and nothing has worked so I was willing to try anything but this was unsuccessful . I stopped using this immediately after I got the major breakout and threw it in the trash . I am not saying it does n't work for some people but it did not work for me . I have fair and semi-sensitive skin and if you do to you might want to reconsider before trying this product .
 Ugh , I tried this kit about a year ago when my teenage acne was on the rocks . I got this at Walmart after hearing good reviews , I wanted to try this . For me , this was almost a waste of time . It has Benzoyl peroxide which is really bad for your skin , I heard it could increase your chances of developing skin cancer ! Plus , this ingredient dries my skin out like no other.The smallest bottle , which is the spot treatment I believe , is the best . I would use this alone , not with the other two . The cleanser is awful , which is what broke me out , not the spot treatment or moisturizer . I have combination skin , I was 13 when I tried this , and it did not help . It dried me out everywhere I could not even talk , eat , or move my jaw without pain ! I was a flaker muther . The moisturizer did nothing to combat the flaky desert which was my skin . I needed heavy duty moisturizer for over a week to make my skin normal again . I thought about trying it again , but having dried up skin is n't better than having acne . Some people would give up smooth , hydrated skin for flaky , dry , but acne-free skin . I would n't , but if you would , maybe you should try this .
 I bought this for my daughter and at first it was great . Her face had broken out really bad and it one day it cleared up 50 % better by the 3day it was barely noticeable . Then one night we started noticing bumps on her face . We just thought it was because she put make up on that day so she washed her face off . Well the next day her faces was covered in bumps and red and puffy . Not to mention it was itching and she felt like her face was on fire . She even got sick . Not sure if it was from her red inflamed face but DONT try it . She has NEVER broke out from anything until now !! So dont think it wont happen to you because you have not had allergic reactions to anything . Well think again ... Dont waste your money . Unless you like having rash on your face instead of pimples !!!
 Unfortunately I am unable to give this product 0 stars . Maybe this product is only for people with severe acne . I did n't see a distinction on the box so I thought I would try it as a cleanser for occasional breakouts . I used all three products one night . That night my skin felt amazing ! It was soft and smooth and felt clean . The next morning I woke up with a bit of irritation above my lip -LRB- below my nose -RRB- . I figured I was just getting used to a new product and decided not to use it that night . The next day , I woke up with what I can only assume is chemical burn all over my face ! This is from using the product once , two days prior ! I will deal with the occasional zit and spare myself the lovely shade of red I 've become . I 'm hoping it goes away soon . Spare yourself the horror and just throw your money directly in the garbage .
 I tried this product because a friend said it had worked for them . However , it did not work for me . I have never had a problem with products before but this one damaged my skin so badly , I had to warn others ... beware of what you try ! Stay away from this one
 i bought this product about a year ago and used it for about 3 days . I am cleaning out my bathroom so am just getting around to getting rid of it , so i thought i would give my thoughts on it.It has good reviews and by looking at the ingredients anyone can see it has great potential . Benzoyl peroxide and salicylic acid are two of the only substances -LRB- wc ? -RRB- proven to demolish acne . BUT for me personally , this product was too strong . My face felt burnt and raw while i was using this , and i do believe my acne cleared up , but it was n't worth the irritation . i would only describe my acne as moderate , so this product would probably work well for people who have severe acne over their entire faces.Unlike other reviews , i am going to give an alternative to this product . I am someone who hates seeing bad reviews that are not only negative but also unhelpful ; once i have my mind set on something i do n't like to be convinced otherwise.As my title says , consistency is everything when it comes to fighting acne -LRB- I am only 16 but have a good 5 years of experience with this topic . -RRB- I feel that my skin looks the best it has in years and here is what i do : Mornings : wash with Cetaphil * gentle cleansermoisturize with cetaphil daily moisturizer with SPF 15if necessary , spot treatment
 I picked this up about two months ago , after reading many good reviews from people who say it 's the `` only thing that works for them '' and that they had already tried medication and proactive . I 've never had severe acne , just irritated spotting around my nose and forehead area , but I wanted to aggressively see if I could get rid of it once and for all . The box guaranteed results , saying that 100 % of those in the trial had results after 24 hours . Well , 24 hours later , I had NO results . I finally got results about 72 hours later , when my skin started breaking out and NEW pimples started forming . I used it * exactly * as the directions dictated , all three steps , in the morning and before bed . And each morning I was waking up to a new pimple . I finally STOPPED using this wretched product , and my skin calmed down a bit.Maybe my acne was n't severe enough for this , or maybe my skin is too sensitive . I do n't know . But the only results I saw were negative ones , and after a month of using this , I decided to forget it . I now use Burt 's Bees Tomato Toner , and that has cleared my face and calmed the redness caused by this product . Yech .
 Not the minty fresh kind I was hoping for , wish they made a better one or liquid type . Also left a film on skin .
 This product was not what I expected , it was alot smaller and rough and it did make my skin feel smoothe the way as expected . I expected alot more considering that it was imported from France .
 I have been using Pre de Provence soaps for a while . I ordered this online from Dudur because the shop in my area discontinued the product . Unfortunately , the soap i received through Dudur is not the same quality as the ones i used to buy . The size of the soap is much smaller and it does not have the rose petal/or grains . Additionally , the scent of the soap is missing ... . I do n't recommend buying this soap from Dudur .
 When the mascara arrived , the tube read &#34; for display only . &#34; The mascara was old and clumpy . Not worth the price at all and very misleading .
 Okay , I took a chance - it DOES say &#34; un-boxed &#34; after all . Well , the tube I got was a total waste of money . I did n't even get ONE use out of it and it went straight in the trash . I 'll follow my instinct next time ... . why would something be sold un-boxed or out of the package ? Because it 's waaaaay past it 's sell date ? Because it 's used ? Who knows - I definitely would NOT recommend this .
 I could n't be more disappointed in this product . I knew the description said `` out of box '' ... which would have been fine . What I received was a dried up , used tube of mascara clearly labeled `` TESTER '' . What ? Is that even legal to sell ? I WILL NOT be using this product-really do n't wish to get a raging case of conjuctuvitis . I have always been happy with my Amazon purchases but this is beyond ridiculous .
 i was hoping this would straighten and reduce frizz . no such luck . it leaves your hair greasy if you apply too much . and my hair was really frizzy .
 I have a 5 month old perm that was dying and bought this product to see if I can get my hair back to being straight . I used a 3 inch diameter of gel on my hair , used a hair blower & brush . It did not work at all . Hair ended up frizzy and huge -LRB- like it had too much volume and was a gigantic blob -RRB- . Pretty much how my perm looks if I do n't use curly creme and just comb it out . Maybe it 's not suppose to work on perms ? Not sure , but will not be using it again .
 Perhaps the company should reconsider rewriting its promo for this product . The ingredients list reads like a periodic chart of the elements , INORGANIC elements , that is ! Carbon was mentioned , so I guess the company can be credited with not being totally deceptive .
 it felt very sticky and made my skin feel sticky all day , and gave me breakouts . horrible product .
 I was eager to try the Olay Definity line . I had gotten a free sample in the mail of their cream and it was wonderful.However , when I got the Foaming Moisturizer -LRB- it comes out like shaving cream does -RRB- , it has a different texture . It feels sticky after you put it on . Then later when I am putting on my makeup , in places it looks like my skin is peeling because it leaves a residue that when brushed with powder , kind of comes off like peeling skin . Yukk ! I am NOT going to buy any more that 's for sure . I looked for just the regular cream version at Walgreens and they do n't have it . I hope they still make it - it was the best .
 I have used Oil of Olay Complete moisturizer with UV protection forever -LRB- I see they have even changed the formula of that now ! :-LRB- -RRB- . Since I 'm older I thought I 'd try a new moisturizer for aging skin and bought this stuff . I absolutely hate it ! I like how it goes on , it feels smooth , but it does NOT absorb into the skin . It just sits on the skin in a smooth sticky layer UNTIL you put on your make-up . I use Bare Escentuals and the powder foundation just cakes with this stuff . It 's AWFUL . I 've used that makeup for years and it has never caked up over my moisturizer . You can actually rub this stuff off in sticky flakes . This is the second NEW Oil of Olay moisturizer I have recently used ... the first one -LRB- ca n't remember the name right now ... sorry -RRB- made my face break out in huge bumps for a week . I had a horrible reaction to the stuff and now this one which just coats the face with a sticky film is going in the garbage too ... I can not recommend this . Sorry Olay . Now I 'm on a hunt to find a better moisturizer .
 This is the only Olay Definity product I 've found that is fragrance-free and has UV protection , a necessity for my morning routine . It 's intriguing to apply a foam moisturizer , but it 's not quite moisturizing enough for my combination skin . Also , no matter how I apply it , the product flakes off , leaving my skin covered with little flakes . -LRB- I follow the product with a foundation powder , perhaps that 's a bad combination -RRB- . I 'm back to Olay Total Effects .
 it feels like i am putting hair mousse on my face . been using 3 weeks , throwing the rest away . it has actually made my skin look dryer and wrinkles more predominant
 Yes , Well what little I got of it , I liked the cream well enough although it DID NOT make the slightest bit of difference to a freckle I have on my cheek . Maybe that was because the cream/lotion/foamy stuff , whatever it is called , did not last for any length of time.First of all , every time I pressed the nozzle a huge amount shot out , and in the first few weeks I kept forgetting and would gaily press the nozzle and would end up with loads of this stuff slathered all over me , with only one press of the nozzle !! Now I am not sure if in the first couple of weeks I just inadvertently went through far too much of this cream , or if the spraying mechanism of the container is broken , because when I shake it , it definitely feels like there is still some left in there , but either way after a short time of using it , there is no more cream coming out of this container , and I feel unhappy with the product 's packaging and presentation and will probably go back to using `` Olay Professional Pro-X Age Repair Lotion `` which I have used a lot and liked .
 The product came promptly and was a good price however two weeks or so later , I could n't get any out of the spray bottle . Looked at the bottom for a expiration date and found it to be over two years old . Contacted Amazon and they in turn contacted the co. where they issued a full refund immediately .
 I read reviews by others that said the same thing , but when I bought it for my niece , it smelled great and she 's young so it smelled great on her . But on me it just was overpowering . I 'd say it 's great for the young but not for women over 40 .
 This would have been a much better purchase had the COVER been imprinted and not the nailfile ... The RAISED white print on the file makes one side utterly useless unless you want to be filing and the HUMP -- up you go on a raised letter and then NO SPACE to file ... the raised printing means I only get HALF the file to use on MY nails , ... the other side is basically for THEIR advertising space !!! Bad usage of a product that could have been an ok choice ... not stellar , as it wears soon on regular nails , but cheap and ok if you could use BOTH sides for the price !! But I feel deceived since ALL other files I have ever purchased allowed me to use both sides for the money !!! Not Lady Gaga 's purseTropical Shine * Washable # 707301 Fine Pink File ...
 I think its a fake . . : / I usually buy it from a department store however decided to buy from amazon . THe bottle LOOKS the same but there is a sticker in the bottom of the bottle , the original has no sticker ! Also , the smell does not last as long .
 i had smelled the scent before and used it before . my guess is it may be old because the scent is very week.even when i put on more then enough . this was my very 1st time using Amazon and i would like to return it .
 Perfume is fake . Smells horrible , color of perfume is n't right . The REAL Jadore has specific things on it 's bottle and this one does not . DO N'T purchase !
 I ordered this as a replacement since my last bottle was almost empty . SO , I have used this perfume for years and I know what it should smell like , feel like , etc.My order came within a few days just as promised . However , upon opening it and spraying it , it was oily . It left a greasy film on my skin and did n't smell as fragrant as a previous bottle I purchased at Dillard 's about a year ago.Upon further inspection , the bottle was mailed standard USPS from a Julio Flores of Elizabeth NJ . Not a reputable company as I thought I was ordering from.I 'm not sure what I purchased was authentic J'adore by Dior . To all future buyers , BEWARE !
 The three bottles of J'Adore , Eau de Parfum Spray from Christian Dior arrived very quickly , but I just opened my three bottles and I discovered that the top it 's not at the same material that the regular bottles and , most importantly , they DO N'T SMELL like J'Adore Eau de Parfum . I 'm very disappointed . All this for 80 $ the bottle !!!!!! What to do now ?
 The product that was sent to me seems to be a fake . There is white stuff floating around in the bottle , the bottle seems cheap -LRB- uneven , plastic seam lines on the top -RRB- , and the smell is n't the same as I 've smelled in the store . I 'm mad that I wasted $ 80 .
 I have bought this perfume before and anyone could tell my wife was wearing it , it stayed on her skin , This ONE i bought only smell wen you put it on . i am very dessapointed . it seems to be a copy . i guess that is why it was cheap . And i 'm not talking about the brand , Jadore is one of the best out there , my next purchase will be at JCP .
 well i have issue with this order , and my problem 's was i gave good feed back befor i get my package because i had this kind of parfume how it is i really like this kind of parfume but this time i did n't get my package yet and week ago i been emails the seller back and forth i told him about the issue i have but i did n't get nothing i 'm still waiting . if not get my order i will never buy parfume from Amazon any more.thank you
 I purchased the 3.4 ounces Eau De Parfum Spray and received 3.4 ounces of Deodorant Parfum instead . I am very upset that the deodorant parfum is half the price of the Eau De Parfum Spray . Be aware of this and go to your mall and buy this product .
 NO RECOMIENDO ESTE VENDEDOR COMPRE UN PERFUME RESULTO UNA IMITACION DE MUY MALA CALIDAD DE PASO ME LLEGO MEDIO FRASCO
 The right idea but the price is prohibitive if you want to soak in conditions even remotely approximating the Dead Sea -LRB- 30 % salts -RRB- . The active ingredient for psoriasis in Dead Sea salt is magnesium -LRB- PubMed -RRB- , which is 50 % of the Dead Sea salt composition . If I read Wikipedia correctly , commercial Dead Sea salt , which is derived from the mineral rich mud surrounding the Dead Sea , has only 4.5 % magnesium.You can buy a 50 lb bag of magnesium chloride , which commercially is a milder form of rock salt for de-icing , at Amazon for $ 80 with shipping . During the winter months , you can get magnesium chloride from a hardware store for $ 25 for a 50lb bag . I bath in 6-7 pounds of magnesium chloride at a time , as often as I can . With the addition of Oxipor coal tar lotion , you have an important first step in getting aggressive psoriasis under control without resorting to steroids and the rest , which I 've never found to work.By my calculations , the product advertised here delivers magnesium for $ 57.78 a pound if the salt comes from the Dead Sea 's surrounding mineral mud . If they 're using salt taken directly from the lake -LRB- less likely -RRB- , the price is $ 8.67 per pound . Magnesium chloride rock salt is $ 1.40 a pound if shipped by freight and $ .66 a pound from your local hardware store during the winter months . Interestingly , the same companies provide both the retail and the hardware store versions of magnesium chloride .
 ordered the whole sensitive line , from aveeda . this included , cleanser , toner moisteriser . i assumed aveeda would not have any parabens etc. i even ordered from aveeda . when i asked about ingredients , the saleslady -LRB- from aveeda -RRB- on telephone did not know the ingredients , but assurred me that i was probably right , since aveeda had always been so botanical.wrong.all items were full of parfumes , parabens , etc.they even use chemical spf.my lesson . do not buy without knowing the ingredients .
 The second ingredient of this product , after water , is SODIUM LAURYL SULFATE . SLS is a known eye irritant and is not recommended for use in cosmetics or soaps that could potentially come in contact with eyes -- let alone a product that is supposed to be INTENDED for use with contacts . This is well documented in many scientific studies , as seen in this National Industrial Chemicals Notification and Assessment Scheme assessment -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- This chemical is used in this product because it is VERY CHEAP not because it is easy on your eyes or safe . The issue is n't what this product does n't contain -- it infact does n't contain fragrances , oils or creams , but it does contain one of the most common and well-documents eye irritants as its primary ingredient . At this price , this product is simply a SCAM . In addition , Amazon will NOT HONOR any refunds on this product , despite this false advertising . STAY AWAY .
 This product did not work for my coarse , curly hair . Instead of looking shiny and nourished , Optimum Oil Therapy Shine Booster left my hair looking dull and dry -- which defeated the purpose of me putting on a moisturizing product in the first place . Worst of all , the product was very difficult for me to wash out of my hair -- so much so that it took four consecutive washings to get it out ! Needless to say , I wo n't be using Optimum Oil Therapy Shine Booster any more .
 I have used this product for years and love it but not the price when purchased locally . I tried Amazon because the price was more reasonable . I was happy with the efficient delivery and processing of my order . I was disappointed the cream was dehydrated from what I have always used . I will not purchase this product again via Amazon .
 Really looked forward to receiving these rollers , but they get TOO HOT !!! Burned the tips of my fingers and the clips do n't hold rollers securely to hair . They are loose and floppy and end up leaving dents in the hair . Very disappointed in this product . Will be returning it .
 I bought these about a week ago and have tried to use them several times on my hair and my daughter 's hair . Our hair types are COMPLETELY different , but the product has reacted them same to both . HORRIBLY !! Her hair is fine and straight , and mine is thick and curly , but the rollers could n't figure it out . They are way too hot to handle , so trying to put a lot of hair on them resulted in frequent burning , but not putting enough resulted in scorched ends . The worst part for me -LRB- as with many other reviewers -RRB- is that the clip does n't hold the roller . The heating element is too slippery , so the roller dangles . I did n't see any creases , however my curls were too loose to last through the day . If you have a need for loose curls for a short amount of time , this is it ! But , if you want nice waves that last a long time , skip this one .
 First you burn the heck out of your fingers , second the curl does last at all . Then if you do n't have the clips sitting just right they will melt . I had two melt this way . If I could leave less stars than one I would .
 I 'm on my way back to return these ! I thought I 'd like it since there were 20 curlers and not my regular 12 . After trying repeatedly , THE CURLERS WO N'T STAY IN MY HAIR ... they just dangle . There is nothing holding hair into place . I 'd give 0 stars if there was a place for it ! .
 I have owned 6-8 sets of hair rollers in 30 years and these are the worst ! I can not hold curl well and I had to buy clips to hold the roller in and the case is too large to store ! Pass onit other products much nicer and convenient .
 I bought these and I think they suck . My hair stayed curly for maybe an hour -LRB- yes , I used hairspray -RRB- . If that was n't bad enough , I had some weird crimp mark in each strand where the clip holders were.Previously , I had a set of curlers with the metal pins that held the rollers in place . I 'm returning this sad set of rollers and am on a quest to find another set with the metal pins.Don ' t buy these unless you like spending ridiculous amounts of money for bad products .
 I just spend an hour in the store looking at all the roller sets and sizes . I thought I had chosen the best set to achieve what I wanted . I specifically bought rollers to add volume to my straight , somewhat fine hair . I went straight home and watched a bunch of youtube videos to make sure I knew how to roll without looking like I was from the 50s . Then , I went at it . Yes , I achieved some nice bounce and curls with this set . But what I really wanted , I got none of ; volume . Instead , I got some atrocious kinks and bends at the roots that I had to recurl with a curling iron to fix . That 's what I was trying to avoid ! So I 'm heading back to the store to return this crappy set and get the kind with more of a claw clip ... I hate the kind with the little metal pins .
 I bought it for my girls and I for Christmas . The curlers are too hot to be held easily while trying to roll the curls . The clips , which I thought would make the rolling easier , leave crease marks on the curls that are n't very pretty . For these two reasons I would n't recommend this product . I saw other products that specifically said `` cool tips '' but I sort of assumed the ends would be cool enough to hold - oh well .
 I have very fine hair , it 's thick as in there is a lot of it ... . but very slippery and smooth . I was attracted to these because they appeared to have a texture that would work with my hair . While the texture does indeed pick up my hair , these curlers made the ends crispy and it left creases near my scalp . I 'll admit this is only the second set I ever bought and do n't have a lot of experience with them ; but I have been reading about how to use them and can not seem to get around the creases and crispy ends ! I have been trying to work with them the past few weeks in the evening and weekends , with no luck.I have no idea what type of hair would work better for these , so I ca n't even think of anyone to give them to . So I 'm packing them up to go right back to the store ! I feel bad about taking them back , but I just ca n't get them to work for me . I may look at some of the jumbo ones with a different clip ; just buy two sets instead of one !
 I purchased this set a year ago from a retail store . Unfortunately , these rollers are a real disappointment . As other reviewers have said , the clips are awful . They do n't hold the roller tight enough to get a good set -- but they also leave you with a nasty crease that 's virtually impossible to disguise . I did try these rollers with other clips -LRB- both jaw clips and traditional wire clips -RRB- , but they do n't really fit right . Overall , I do not recommend this roller set to anyone .
 I thought the heated clips were a great idea , and that was the selling point for me even though they were too expensive . The heated clips were NOT a good idea . They have no `` claws '' to grab onto the hair , so the curlers just slid right out of my hair . When I held my head really still I got some of them to stay in for 5-6 minutes.When I took the curlers out I was very disappointed because the clips left big kinks in my hair and the curls fell out within about 10 minutes . I am returning these and will get a set with those big bobby pin looking things or claw clips to hold the curlers in place .
 Pros
 I ca n't believe I wasted my time on these rollers . The clips are worthless !!! What good does having metal plates inside the clips do if they wo n't even keep the rollers in place . Very pood design.I 'm sure what would solve the problem is if the clips had some good sized teeth to grab the hair next to the scalp and hang on.I hope you do n't make the same mistake I did and spend your hard earned money on this set of crapola !
 First the good news
 I was excited about these when I bought them . Having the clips heated sounded like a great idea . Well , I 've used them several times now and have decided not to use them again . The clips have flat plates on the insides and nothing to keep them in your hair well . Because of this , the curlers slide out of my hair over and over again . Also the clips leave real dents in my hair , not just minor ones . With all that and the room they take up they 're just not worth it .
 The clips were an attractive selling point for me , but they do not hold well , and they leave a line in my hair on every curl . Not good , not pretty , not what I want . Returning this product .
 Good head , like the soft surface but the clips leave ridges in your hair that you have to straighten out with a curling iron .
 These sound like they 'd be the perfect curlers , but they 're not . I have burned my fingers several times on the wide gaps in the curlers . I 'd put up with that if it were the only problem , but it 's not.The clips just do not hold the curlers in my hair very well . They slide out either right away or within a few minutes . The clips also leave crimp marks in my hair .
 This is the first product review I 've ever written.I was not pleased with these curlers . They are not jumbo - and are smaller than I expected . The holder is vertically taller than other curlers so they would not fit in the drawer where I planned to store them . Finally I used them about 5 times and the electrical component gave out and they were totally unusable.Additionally I did not find that the heated clips decreased the time I had to wear the curlers.I 'm about to order regular jumbo curlers with clips that do not heat .
 I purchased these rollers because they were streamlined , there were a lot of them and I have a lot of hair . Like other reviewers , I was terribly disappointed because of the crimps in my hair caused by the clips . I tried using wire prong fasteners from an older set of hot rollers , but the sizes were n't right and the rollers just fell out . Very frustrating to say the least . Also , the heat source is not the roller itself , but the clamp that has a metal sheath inside that heats up . These have to be the worst set of hot rollers I 've ever owned and unfortunately , the most expensive ! Do not buy these !
 The product is great but DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM DISCOUNT JUNGLE . They charge restocking fees and try every way to keep you from getting your money back . Buy it through someone else .
 I thought I was getting a great deal when I paid $ 45 for these at a retail store . I 've been looking at Remington and Conair rollers for a while , and this model , as well as a similar model , seemed perfect for me . I have long hair , to my waist , and finding rollers to curl it , and have the curls stay in place , is a daunting task . So I was looking for a variety of rollers just like these.The heat up time was quick . I grabbed the first roller-which you pick up by the clasp which holds it in place-and my fingers began to burn ... A LOT ! There is absolutely no way to hold the clasp , or the roller , without seriously burning your hands and fingers . With other hot rollers , you can hold them by the ends or middle , but that is n't an option with this model . I believe I lost my fingerprints today . I 've never had a problem enduring painful or uncomfortable procedures in the name of beauty , but this was ridiculous . I managed to use all of the rollers , however , they failed to stay in place , so they dangled , burning my ears and the side of my face as well.The cooling time was fast , and I had very little trouble removing them without tangles . The curls were a nice size , but even using the smaller rollers , in small pieces , they did n't curl the bottom of my hair . In spite of using a strong hairspray , the curls did n't hold up . These might work for someone who is trying to tame unruly curls , but for someone with straight hair , find an alternative . Also , if you do n't enjoy 2nd degree burns , find another brand . My hands , fingers , ears and face are raw , especially the palms of my hands and the tips of my fingers . Rather than investing their money in an attractive presentation , Remington should concentrate more on the practical application .
 I am very disappointed with these . Just like someone else has already said the heated clips put very noticeable ridges in your hair at the top of the curl . I would not recommend these and I am going to return them tomorrow .
 These are going back to the manufacturer ! They have n't produced a good photo of the clips for those of you interested in them , so I will describe one of the many flaws with this set of rollers . The clips have a metal plate on the inside of them that `` sandwiches '' the hair between the roller and the metal plate . The pressure of this is the ONLY thing that keeps these rollers in you hair . There are no teeth at all , only a smooth surface , that keeps these things in place . This means that when you put a roller in your hair , it hangs from your head . You can forget about a tight roll . What happens is that when you remove the rollers from your head , you have a large crease where the roller was hanging from your head . In my attempt for a tighter roll , I tried using less hair and the clips just sprung from my head across the room , and almost landed in the toilet where they belong !!! I hope this allows me to not give any stars to these but I may have to give 1 in order to leave this - if it has one , it 's only because I had to .
 If these rollers had been $ 15 , I would have given them 4 stars . At $ 45 , they should work as well as they are packaged . The setup of these rollers is attractive - misplacing a clip is unlikely since the clips are stored and heated on the roller . Aside from that , I really can not say much more about these . The issues I found include : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The roller itself does not heat . The metal plates on the inside of the clip heat and the curl you are expected to get is solely derived from the heated clip . The roller itself was only moderately warm . This leads to my next point ... -LRB- 2 -RRB- With the only heat coming from the clips , it is unlikely that anyone with thicker hair will get much of a curl . I have thick hair just below my shoulders . I am not into tight curls ; my only goal was softer curls -LRB- which should have been easy since softer curls typically require less heat -RRB- . The curlers curled my hair , but more to the look of a blow-out using a round brush . -LRB- 3 -RRB- My biggest pet peve with hot rollers is when the clips leave a crease and for those of you with straight hair , expect to have creases at the crown of your head.There is nothing like taking the time to curl your hair , hoping for those covergirl locks and ending up with a very modest -LRB- and rather undone -RRB- look with ridiculous creases all around the crown . Your only options are to pull your hair back -LRB- and attempt to hide the creases -RRB- or take a flat iron to the creases . For me , that is entirely too much time and hassle.These rollers are a gimmick . I own Conair 's giant roller set and , truthfully , they are a fraction of the price and far superior to these for obtaining softer curls . They are probably the best rollers I have ever owned , with BabyBliss coming in second . These would not even make my list ; I would not recommend them at all . -LRB- And ... on a side note , if you ever need to travel with rollers , these are huge and would consume a lot of room in the suitcase -RRB- .
 While the curlers container looks really neat & tidy , it 's hard to get those rollers anchored in your hair securely with the clips . The rollers tend to flop around no matter where I place the clip onto the roller , which is the only reason I gave it such a low score . If somebody 's got a trick for this , I 'd like to know what it is.You can still get curls from it , although mine did n't hold very long even following up with hairspray . I did n't leave them in very long , as it says not even 5 minutes if you do n't want tighter curls . It comes with a nice amount of rollers , although there are never enough large rollers for me , and I 'd think of their larges as more like mediums . Decent warranty.You need to be careful to not touch the slot that attaches the curler to the heating unit , when you 're rolling your hair . It 's very hot.There 's probably something better out there . I 'm less than crazy about it , primarily from the unsecure clipping method .
 I bought these per the reviews that said how wonderful these rollers were . I am so disappointed . It leaves this horrible line in your hair from where the roller sits on the heating element . I thought it was a great idea having hot clips as well as the roller , but because of that , the rollers sit in the base on a line , which produces the line in the hair . The do heat up fast and the result is great , minus the ugly line it leaves .
 I liked the look of this set -LRB- horizontal styling -RRB- and that the clip was on top of each roller.They do n't call it `` DUAL HEATING TECHNOLOGY '' for nothing . Each time I grabbed a hot roller it not only burns your hair , it burned my hands!I bought this setter because it appeared to have the type of clips I 'm looking for . I found the clips hard to HOLD OPEN while my almost burned hand was trying to hold the roller in place for it.My current set up is my old clairol flocked set which uses metal clips . I have since purchased a bag of the plastic clasps that work great , but wanted ones that actually `` go '' with the setter . So far I have n't found good clasps with a new setter . Seems simple enough.Someone told me to try babybliss -LRB- sp -RRB- ? I 've been using hot rollers for 25 years without ever getting burnt if that helps .
 I was really disappointed in these rollers , they simply did n't heat up enough and lost the heat after a couple of minutes ! Granted , I have very long -LRB- past my waist -RRB- hair which is difficult to hold a curl , but even using these on the very ends of my hair was not effective . By the time I left the house before work the curl was totally gone!I 'm returning these pronto .
 I bought these last year and I have to say that I have n't used them much and I am now searching for a new set of rollers . I liked the idea of a clip instead of the metal fasteners that most sets use , but they do n't hold very well . The clip also leaves a big crease in my hair on the upper portion of the hair - not pretty .
 OUCH ! The label states that the ends of the curlers get hotter than normal . IT IS RIGHT ! These go back ! The ends are so hot , I got blisters on my 1st use . They do a ncie job curling and leave a shine . They 're no good if you ca n't put them in your hair ! I really wanted them to work , but ca n't take the pain .
 I was searching for heated rollers and this product came up . They had this product priced low , I thought it must have been an error , but I did think that if something was posted as being available for a certain price on Amazon that they would be obliged to honor it.They did n't . They sent me a tube of hand cream as a ` consolation ' instead -LRB- uh ? -RRB- and a check for the amount I had paid to Amazon . NOT COOL GUYS ! If you made the error and did n't ` proof ' your pages you should be prepared to have people buy at the price you offered it at.I will not buy from such a company now .
 This is the third Remington flat iron I 've purchased . I love the other two and looked forward to the enhancement of the curve on this one , but I was sorely disappointed when I found that the edge of the plates snag , catch and pull my hair . I ca n't afford to lose any more hair , so I rarely use this flat iron . I do recommend the Remington Wet 2 Straight 2 '' Wide Plate Wet/Dry Ceramic Hair Straightening Iron with Tourmaline and the Remington S6500 Sleek and Curl Ceramic Pearl Multi-styler Hair Straightener , 1 Inch , but not this one .
 This body lotion does not smell like the perfume !!! I was really disappointed !!! I love the perfume and it was a reason to get the body lotion , but it has another smell !!!
 I was extremely displeased with Phiou Offer 's Pure Poison fragrance . The fragrance is disgusting -- smells nothing like it should , has a stinky after-smell , only lingers about 10 minutes , and last but not least , the spray nozzle broke after a couple uses and no longer works . THIS IS CLEARLY NOT CHRISTIAN DIOR !!! I bought some Pure Poison today from Sephora -LRB- that smells fantastic , like it should -RRB- , and I compared the box , bottle , and fragrance to Phio 's , and they are definitely NOT the same . The quality of the Sephora product is superior . Do n't waste your time or your money at Phio Offer 's storefront !
 This perfume smells wonderful . What is a total bummer , especially since it is made by Dior , is that the perfume fades in a few hours . You need to reapply it . It does not last . I can buy $ 20 perfume that lasts all day . It must have a lot of alcohol in it and that is a rip off .
 I am currently on day 73 of using this product twice a day according to directions . I apply it and massage it into my thin edges really gently until its all absorbed into my scalp like the directions say . But guess what ?? I have seen absolutely NO change in my hairline . It 's still as thin as it was before I started ! I know that this product states that this is supposed to be a 90 day process , but I am to think by day 73 I would see at least a LITTLE change ... but nope I have n't . It 's sad that I wasted $ 13 on a product that does n't work for me . * sigh * It smells really good and i love how it does n't clog my hair follicles ... but that 's the only good thing I can say about it . What a waste of my time :-LRB- . . oh and my money !!!
 I 've been a fan of Organic Root Stimulator 's products for years now . I live by their Creamy Olive Oil Shampoo , Olive Oil Replenishing Conditioner , and Hair Mayonnaise.So after going natural for the past couple of months I looked for Organic Root Stimulator 's products that specializes in natural African American hair care . When I discovered their line , I purchased the Scalp Scrub , Hair Serum , Uplifting Shampoo , Hair Mayonnaise , Shea Butter Softener , and Hair Fertilizer . Combined the products were more than $ 50 . I used the Hair Serum frequently as directed on my edges because I wanted to grow them back . After about a month , I noticed no change in my edge growth . For $ 13 I would like to think that this product would work , but I feel ripped off!Another thing I 'm not fond of is the liquid-y substance . After applying on my edges , it tends to drip down my face causing my pores to clog.As an avid fan of Organic Root Stimulator 's products , I 'm highly disappointed in this one . It does n't work and I felt that I 've wasted my money and my time .
 I used two bottles of this stuff and it did n't do a thing . I also used a jar of the temple balm -LRB- which is supposed to do the same thing -RRB- and that did n't work either.This stuff is snake oil . Do n't waste your money . If you want to regrow your hair , you better get some Rogaine .
 Does not work as advertised . Instead of making my fine hair on edges grow , it caused irritation and my hair fell out . Do not waste your money .
 I purchased this product and used it as directed . I brought the temple-balm AND serum and it turned out to be a waste of money ... my hair NEVER grew ... what a waste ... I gave it one star because I use organic root stimulator products , and I thought this would work also ... save your money !! : - -LSB-
 just recv flat iron . not as good was i was hoping . does not feel like it gets a good grip of hair when using it . it says its highest heat setting is 400 and that should burn pretty good but my chi got to 392 and it would burn your hand .
 I purchased this straightening iron as a temporary replacement for one i lost . Ive always loved TiGi hair products and thought their irons would be the same . NOT AT ALL ! This does n't tell you when its done heating up , the lights come on as soon as you hit the on switch . the different colored lights are of no help what-so ever . They are orange anything below 325 degrees and green as soon as you turn the dial to 325 all the way up to 400 . the temperature dial sticks out of the side and i 'm constantly hitting it and changing the temp . it ALWAYS snags my hair and breaks it . I hate it , replacing ASAP .
 I bought this thinking it would work well for my hair -LRB- very thin hair -RRB- , but when I used it , it did n't even smooth the slightest of waves . Not worth a penny ! I am very disappointed : -LRB-
 I got this straightener two years ago for Christmas and always thought it was just OK . It takes several minutes to heat up and even at maximum heat it can take nearly an hour to get my thick hair completely straight ! I always liked the color and the way it lights up when it gets hot , but several weeks ago I turned it on and the light was burnt out . Lame ! Then I noticed the straightener was gradually getting weaker and taking longer to reach maximum heat . Finally , one day when i went to turn it on , it make a strange popping noise , buzzed for a few seconds , then died . Dead ! I even tried plugging it into different outlets , but it never went on again . My friend also has this product , and has only had it for about a year , and she recently told me that the light in hers blew out as well . I am now looking into getting a quality straightener , possibly from Chi or Remmington . Overall , I would NOT recommend this product .
 Before I purchased this straightener , I read all the reviews on it . EVERY single review was great saying how the loved the product and how they loved the way their hair felt after they used it . So , I was very excited to try mine out the second I got it . I let it get as hot as possible and then tried to straighten my hair and ... nothing . It did n't get any straighter or softer ! I want to return this product , but the company wo n't give a refund for it .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT , THE PLATES PEAL AFTER JUST A MONTH AND THAT 'S NOT EVEN IF YOU USE IT EVERYDAY !
 This flat iron , makes me extremly aggravated . it will straighten amazingly , but when i get to highschool , its all gross and wavey once more . i wouldnt waste money on this one , i would go for one thats actually worth your money .
 I bought this straightner for myself . My hair has alot of body to it and this is absolutely a terrible straightner . It pulls your hair . I threw out box and cant return in , but ablosutely will not use it on my hair because it will eventually ruin hair . Terrible straightner not recomended
 I purchased this flat iron elsewhere but wanted to give a warning to anyone who is interested in this
 I bought this straightener at Target for 75 dollars because my CHI broke after a year and I did n't want to spend another 140 dollars on buying a new one . I thought for the money and the brand name that this straightener would be quality , but I returned it after using it a couple times . I only have wavy hair , and it did n't straighten any better than the 25 dollar Conair straightener I used in high school . It does n't get anywhere near the 400 degrees it advertizes , and it smells funny . I returned it and bought a GVP -LRB- CHI knockoff -RRB- from Sally Beauty for the same price and am much happier .
 I decided to give this new product a try the past couple weeks , and after trying it one more time today , I poured the rest of the bottle out . Even the SMALLEST application makes the hair much harder to comb out than usual , which is really not good when trying to comb out wet , easier-to-break-than-when-dry hair . -LRB- I do n't get much hair breakage so I 'm very sensitive about any new product that leaves my comb full of hair -RRB- . The rest of the Anti-breakage line is okay-didn ' t notice a major change one way or another-but DO NOT use this leave-in . Try smooth n shine extreme repair -LRB- in the tiny bottles -RRB- instead . Got my hair from bob to shoulder length using SnS on the regular .
 I 'm sure the quality of this item is fantastic . Bobbi Brown is a trusted brand in my eyes ; but this brush was the smallest thing I 've EVER seen !! I had to return it ! It was very expensive for it 's size !
 disgusting conditioner that coats the hair shaft ! its not creamy or thick but very watery ! i did not finish using this bottle and disgarded this product in the trash!lusters could do better !
 Horrible product . I love this company and their other shampoos , but NOT this item . Does nothing to condition and scent is off-putting . It 's VERY possible I received an old bottle , because this smelled like stale dog shampoo.I recommend AURA PURE shampoo/conditioner which smells like Aveda 's -LRB- now discontinued -RRB- popular Chakra III Equipoise perfume.Seller was great , by the way .
 Weak sillage . I purchased the souffle and scrub -LRB- very $ -RRB- and thought that maybe if I invested in the spray it would help the scent last . I was very disappointed as the scent lingered on me about 15 minutes . I do Ike the souffle , but it 's light as well .
 I used this comb 5 times to apply conditioner to my hair and one tooth in the middle of the comb broke off . Needless to say , I am very disappointed with the quality of this product . I would have expected Mason Pearson to have a better product . I use the Mason Pearson Detangler Comb and Popular Brush and love both products . However , the comb is definitely not worth the price . Save your money and do not buy this product !
 I have been using Mason Pearson 's bristle/nylon brush for over a year , and it has been great . I wanted a comb for my shower so I bought this one . In less than 10 times use -LRB- not even a month -RRB- , the middle tooth broke off . I have fine hair that gets tangled easily . However , my hair is very manageable , and a $ 3 plastic comb I had before this one worked fine for over a year . Based on the reviews I read , I expected the comb to last for many years . Perhaps the comb I received was defective . Regardless , I am very upset that $ 25 was wasted .
 I purchased this comb on May 10 , 2011 . I have natural , curly , thick african american hair . I need a seamless comb and heard good things about this one . However , one of the teeth in the comb broke this past weekend -LRB- October -RRB- , which is totally unacceptable for a comb at this price . Sadly , I 'm back to my $ 3 shower comb until I find a replacement seamless comb . I believed that this was a geniune Mason Pearson comb , and when I received my comb , it certainly looked `` official '' . Clearly , it is not . I am very disappointed .
 The comb broke the first time I tried it . One spoke of the comb snapped off and my hair was not very knotted . I love the brushes but I do not recommend this comb.highly displeased .
 I have been looking for a fragrance that smells like a peony for a while . I rarely send things back , but this was disappointing . Does not smell anything like a peony .
 This has a very harsh smell and does not smell at all like violets . I was very disappointed with this purchase and do not recommend it .
 I thought this would smell like a sweet olive flower , but instead it smells like licorice . Great smell if you love the candy .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 We received the lotion , and the pump did n't work so we had to purchase another bottle with a pump . My boyfriend said that he did n't really notice a difference in his skin until he mixed the lotion with some shaving soap and incorporated that mixture into his daily shaving regimen ; which is what he was already doing with Vaseline intensive care lotion . It really was n't worth the money for him .
 I tried the Jason shaving lotion because I 've been looking for an effective , hypoallergenic shaving lotion that does n't squirt out of an aerosol can . This product smells strongly of chamomile and an incense-like smell . That may be okay for a hand soap , but I do n't want that smell on my face . Most shaving creams and even natural hand soaps lubricate better than this product . The lotion does n't rinse off as easily as most shaving creams or liquid soaps . Almost any hand soap or leave-in hair-and-skin conditioner -LRB- such asPaul Mitchell Tea Tree Hair and Body Moisturizer 10.14 Oz -RRB- would be a better alternative .
 I bought this accidentally thinking it was the aftershave which I really like . In small amounts it works a little like the aftershave , but I would n't recommend shaving with it .
 My husband LOVES the after shave , not this shaving lotion . I made the mistake of ordering three bottles . My husband gave it a try but did not like it .
 This product left dry patches on my face . I have very oily skin so this was surprising . I gave my face a break and then tried again with half a pea size amount and received the same results . I am using this product on areas of my body which it does n't seem to bother . For me this product did not work well and I would not repurchase .
 I tried this product and loved it ... then I read the reviews and was very disappointed to learn that there is equine -LRB- horse -RRB- oil in it , even though it is listed last in the ingredients , so it 's a small quantity . I do n't think I can put it on my face again , though.The good news is that I contacted Essential Formulas , and they said they are making an additional formulation -LRB- vegan -RRB- for distribution in the United States that will contain shea nut butter instead of the horse emollient . They are hoping that this new product will be available in June 2011 .
 i have bought this exact product -LRB- through a different vendor -RRB- but wanted to send it back after reading the ingredient label that came on the actual tube , which alerted me to the fact that it was made with horse fat . i did n't want any animal products in my moisturizer , especially an ingredient that requires the animal be dead . yes , equine = related to horses , but it could mean it 's * for * horses -LRB- like mane n tail shampoo and conditioner products that were created for horses but are now sold for human use , too -RRB- not necessarily * from * horses . baby oil is n't from babies ... so i think the product could be more upfront in its labeling , because most english-speakers wo n't be expecting animal fat in their lotion -LRB- perhaps magoroku = horse fat in japanese , i do n't know -RRB- . if you 're ok with this ingredient , this may be a product that you are very happy with . i just think everyone should know what they 're buying before they buy it -LRB- my vendor did NOT allow me to return it -RRB- .
 I saw this company advertised on a vegan 's website , of all places , and was planning to try their products when I read the below review . I spoke directly with the company and the moisturizer does in fact contain a by-product of horse meat . They are currently formulating a vegan alternative . Personally , I do n't want to support a company that uses dead horses in any of it 's products and it 's very clear the only reason they are coming out with a vegan alternative is that they are motivated by economic gain , not because they genuinely care about animal welfare .
 First , I love Dr. Ohhira 's probiotics and have taken them for years . I expect more from this company that to use horse fat in a product . This is disgusting and unethical . It also makes me reconsider taking the probiotic from this company.I will not support a company that exploits horses . How pathetic that it is being touted as '' not tested on animals '' when animals are in the product . Shame on Essential Formulas !!
 I have been looking for a fragrance that smells like a peony for a while . I rarely send things back , but this was disappointing . Does not smell anything like a peony .
 This has a very harsh smell and does not smell at all like violets . I was very disappointed with this purchase and do not recommend it .
 I thought this would smell like a sweet olive flower , but instead it smells like licorice . Great smell if you love the candy .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I 've got Gucci `` Envy Me 2 '' by Gucci for Women - 3.4 oz EDT Spray -LRB- Limited Edition -RRB- and was very disappointed . The box was not even sealed , and the smell was not as expected . It did not even last for 5 minutes ! When I contacted Scented Monkey , I was told about 20 % restocking fee in case I wanted to return it . Considering the shipping cost and 20 % fee , I decided just to forget about that . I paid $ 43 something and it was like a total loss .
 I received my curling iron and when I take it out of the box it was broken . I am very disappointed .
 I am not sure if it is defective but it does n't curl my hair at all . I set it to the hottest temperature -LRB- which totally scares me -RRB- hold it on my hair for 20 seconds and the curl falls our within 5 seconds , with hair spray , it makes no sense ! My hair usually will curl on a medium to low heat after just touching the iron . I threw away all of the packaging Because I was so sure it was going to work , I might try a smaller size to see if its just me or if its defective , but i definitely wo n't throw away the packaging this time !
 I 'm asian and my hair is medium in thickness . My hair uncurls once I get to the other side of my head . I 've used other ones that were better and lasted me more than one day without any sprays . This one might work for you if you have fine hair .
 I was disappointed with the curling iron , only because I did not realize it was for professional use . There was no spring in the handle and unless you work as a professional it would be hard to use this iron . I returned it , and as usual Amazon made it right by refunding me .
 I bought Shalimar by Guerlain For Women 3.4 oz . Perfumed Body Lotion -LRB- unboxed -RRB- and I was very disappointed . I have used Shalimar all my life and this is not the real deal -- it is like a loud , tacky cousin . This seller has a very iffy return policy , so I am stuck with this junk , since I do n't want to waste any more money sending it back and not getting much if any credit .
 I know and like the `` original formula '' of Curel . It seems to be the only product that really works for me - here in ultra dry Arizona . The product that I ordered this last time was the `` ultra healing '' formula of Curel and it feels totally greasy to me . The only reason I ordered this version of Curel - was because I could n't find the other product -LRB- original formula -RRB- that I wanted . Now I am stuck with 4 bottles of this stuff .
 I 'm really very disappointed with this soap . I 've been scouring the stores looking for sandalwood soap . When I found this on Amazon and read the reviews , I gladly purchased it because I thought I 'd found what I was looking for . Sadly , these soaps have very little smell at all and what little smell they do have disappears very quickly . I wo n't be purchasing this brand again .
 I was a little disappointed with this soap . It had a very artificial , perfumy , floral smell , rather than a rich sandalwood smell I would expect from Sandalwood soap . I 'm not sure if this is by design and it 's just a matter of taste , or if this is just a cheaper sandalwood soap , because I do n't have a ton of experience with different brands .
 I think the other review that mentions inconsistency is probably correct ; I 've only purchased one box , and my own experience was that these had to go into a drawer quickly , because they smelled * so strongly * that it overpowered the room.The drawer has since remained shut ; The soap will be thrown out if the scent does n't subside between now and the next time that drawer opens . Either way , I wo n't be buying these again .
 This perfume really does smell clean but it 's a little over-powering . I typically do not wear perfume that I can smell on myself all day b/c it makes me sick . This perfume definitely sticks around so I wo n't buy it anymore . I like perfume that fades into a more natural smell . This perfume is so strong , when I eat , my food tastes like it . But for the overall smell , it does smell like a laundry detergent .
 This parfum did not smell in any way like fresh laundry on me . I was disappointed and expected more for the price.I was looking for a fragrance that was unique . This smelled just like all the other floral fragrances .
 I ordered this perfume because of the many reviews that said this smelled light and clean . I received it and could n't wait to wear it . I can not tell you how disappointed I am in this scent . It smells just like Lemon Pledge . I absolutely can not wear it bc it smells like a cleaning product ... and it is so loud and abrasive . I even went to work to try to find someone to pawn this off on and absolutely no one wanted any of it . They would curl their nose in disgust and shrink away from it . I realize perfume is very subjective and I am sure others hate my very favorite perfume -LRB- White Gardenia Petals -RRB- , but I did want to offer an alternate view .
 I have very long , thick , straight hair and I have been looking for a cheaper alternative to daily hair care . My hair is so long that I go through a bottle of shampoo and a bottle and a half of conditioner every week . I never pick it up , curl it or color it . I tried Dove shampoo and conditioner for two weeks to save a few bucks . It cost $ 2 cheaper a bottle than my Pantene Pro-V . I loved how Dove made my hair look thick and healthy but after a week of daily use , I developed very bad dandruff . It was like it was snowing from my head when I brushed it and it was obvious when I wore dark tops . Changing the routine to every other day did not stop the dandruff and would just leave my hair feeling greasy and dirty and I ca n't stand that feeling . Never develop dandruff with Pantene and I always find myself going back to Pantene after trying other products . Now I am back to paying around $ 20 a week on hair care until a better product is developed .
 Dove has traditionally been known for gentle products , but this shampoo caused major allergy problems for both myself and my daughter . This shampoo has a VERY strong odor , which caused intense nasal congestion for both of us within seconds after applying the shampoo . Furthermore , my daughter 's cheeks became red and swollen about an hour after using the shampoo . She was still sneezing 2 hours after using the shampoo , and she finally felt better after we washed her hair -LRB- with another shampoo -RRB- and gave her Benadryl . My daughter 's 11 , and this is the first time she 's ever had an allergic reaction to a fragrance . The smell also gives me a headache , so I have to keep my distance from other family members who use it.That said , not everyone in my family has problems with the smell -LRB- which is otherwise pleasant -RRB- . However , I would be wary of purchasing this product if you are sensitive to strong fragrances or have sensitive skin .
 I loved this product when I first started using it . A nice gradual tan started to build , and it looked great , and smelled good too . I was using it everyday , or nearly , as instructed on the label . After about a week it was a decent tan , but it started to get a little orangish . I was n't too bothered by that . It was n't overtly orange , and I figured it was a small price to pay for a fast tan without UV rays . But it quickly went downhill . The orange was getting more noticeable and I could scratch off my tan with my fingernail and it was coming off on my clothes . The color was getting uneven , and my skin was looking like a mosaic . I scrubbed my skin in the shower to get rid of the blotchyness and my normal skin color was instantly renewed . I kept trying for a while , being sure to shower between applications and using a very thin layer -LRB- I thought maybe there was too much build-up -RRB- . But it was always the same . Great for a almost a week , then a quick drop into cheap self-tanning land of orange and blotchyness . I give it two starts because it does work ... for a few days .
 I am on a quest to find a good , inexpensive self tanning product . I tried this product and it is so far the worst one yet ! The `` tan '' is nothing but glitter . I felt like a really bad craft project.Will submit tried and true reviews of each of the tanning products that I use until I find the right one .
 I SPECIFICALLY ASK FOR BRONZE AND WAS SENT COPPER . I DO NOT LIKE COPPER OR I WOULD HAVE ORDERED COPPER . WILL NEVER TRY YOUR COMPANY AGAIN
 Unfortunately these did not stay on for more than a day . Even tried adding a coat of nail hardener over top but did n't work , and if they came loose and you peeled off the rest seemed to take a layer of your nail with it ! Went back to a bandaid .
 It feels as if it 's expired . It does n't go on smoothly at all , and it requires a special sharpener . Overpriced
 I wrote a review for another product , eye shadow and gave it one star . The review has been changed to 3 stars by someone . Why ask for a review if you -LRB- Amazon -RRB- change it ? For what it 's worth - I ordered 10 of L'Oreal eye pencil and received 1 . I paid an exorbitant postage and handling fee for one -LRB- 1 -RRB- pencil . Where are the other nine -LRB- 9 -RRB- pencils?Does anybody read these things ?
 The name shouts the word `` organic '' does n't mean that the product is truly organic . The shampoo contains paraben , which is carcinogenic , and SLS , which is a skin irritant and a probable carcinogen . Due to lack of regulation on organic or green commercial products , it 's quite easy for manufacturers to greenwash their products and mislead consumers . We 'll just have to watch out for ourselves !
 I just plane did n't like the shampoo . It did clean well , and it smelled good . I would say as a guy it smelled much better than the other normal shampoo and was much easier than the 99c stuff that almost burns as you use it . I was looking for a softer shampoo for my sensitive scalp and this was not it -LRB- better but still not it -RRB- . The total situation is this
 This shampoo is awful . It left my hair so tangled and matted it took my hair out just to get the knots out .
 I can not say much more about this stuff that has not already been said . It stinks . It has bad ingredients ... This company seeks to trick people by using the name `` organic '' instead of actually being organic . I will not be supporting them in their trickery . `` Off to the trash ''
 Save your money . Dreadful nasty stuff . I used once and threw the remainder in the trash . Terrible smell and bad feel on hair after rinse .
 The worst shampoo ever . I used this and afterward my hair was extremely tangled , actually matted , it left my hair a matted mess - so then I used the conditioner and it was worse - my hair felt hard , dry and the tangles were beyond tangled I had to use my deva condtioner then shampoo it twice and use the conditioner again with about 5x as much as I normally would just to get the tangles out and my hair still felt rough . I put in extra leave in conditioner . I hate this stuff , I threw the new bottle away .
 Water , Paraffinum Liquidum -LRB- Mineral Oil -RRB- , Olea Europaea Fruit Oil -LRB- Olive -RRB- , Cetearyl Alcohol , Sodium Cetearyl Sulfate , Carthamus Tinctorius Seed Oil -LRB- Safflower -RRB- , Glycerin , Isopropyl Palmitate , Dimethicone , Lanolin , Petrolatum , Glyceryl Linoleate , Glyceryl Linolinate , Propylene Glycol , Diazolidinyl Urea , Methylparaben , Propylparaben , Equisetum Arvense Extract -LRB- Horsetail -RRB- , Urtica Dioica Extract -LRB- Nettle -RRB- , DMDM Hydantoin , Fragrance , Benzyl Salicylate , Cinnamic Alcohol , Citronellol , Coumarin , Eugenol , Geraniol , Hexyl Cinnamal , Hydroxycitronellal , d-Limonene , Linalool , Triethanolamine , Cholesterol , Carbomer , Methylchloroisothiazolinone , Methylisothiazolinone , CI 19140 -LRB- Yellow # 5 -RRB- , CI 60725 -LRB- Violet # 2 -RRB- .
 My wife tells me its not the same fragrance , and it does smell slightly different . Then noticed the bottle had different shading of color from the previous bottles , all of which were bought in France on trips there , or brought back by friends/relatives who had visited . Recently recieved a bottle from France from a friend and it is like the previous bottles , not like this one . A ripoff !
 Being that this is just an accelerator it is just white so no bronzers . Its not a very smooth lotion and the smell is kind of weird like chemicals but not very strong at all which is nice so after you tan its still not strong . And I was just looking for something to give me a good base tan becase im not very dark so I could work my way up to bronzers without looking orange . But I dont really feel like this did anything .
 Product did not work for me I saw no results AT ALL , ive been going for 1 week and 4days . .5 times and this IS only a moisterizer , not am accelerator
 It says for experienced tanners ... well 20 years of tanning is good enough for me and this did n't do a thing to my tan . I would n't purchase this again or reccomend it to anyone .
 Got this as it does n't have bronzers , but it smelled a bit off , so not sure of quality/age . Not impressed with performance moisturising-wise . The smell is why I would n't buy it again , for sure !
 This stuff smells sooo gross ! I am definitely disappointed . I only used it once and it might as well be thrown away . When you smell it in the bottle it is n't great , kind of coconut mixed with something . But once it is on your body it smells NASTY . I kept thinking I smelled puke , and it was me !! Not sure about how it works as an accelerator because I ca n't get past the smell . The one time I used it , it was n't noticeable and definitely not worth the price you pay by stinking . I would not recommend to anyone . Guess that 's what you get for buying a product like this online . Yuck .
 Ive used this conditioner for quite some time now and let me tell you this is FAKE ! its thin and smells nothing like Kerasilk ! Dont waste your time !
 It was of a lotion consistency like one reviewer said . It honestly smelled old.It had no effect on my hair that i noticed . I would not buy it again . I 'd like to add that I really wanted it to work , I bought it based on the reviews but it sat for a while because it did nothing , then when i used it i had 0 outrageous effects . It didnt do any damage though .
 I was a little disappointed with this lip pencil . It was nice , the way it is designed ; flat ; but , it was very dry and too dark .
 After all the time I spent searching for the product could . Not find the shade I wanted , so I thought i 'd try a different shade . waste of my hard earned money ! , , does not go on well at all color is bad nothing like chart shown and I was waiting for a matte , lip pencil it was n't at all . Very dissappointed !
 I did not like this particular concealer , as it did n't cover well and was very hard , making it difficult to use on blemishes .
 Ca n't get the rods to stay together ... falling apart out of the package . These rods are cheaply made and will not last .
 Unfortunately , this product did nothing to make it easier to brush my daughter 's hair . It was supposed to make it softer , but it actually made it harder to brush . I really wanted this to work because as my daughter 's hair grows , it gets more difficult to brush . Wish the result would have been different . : -LRB-
 Bought this to soften my beard . I had been using a great cholesterol product that was 1lb for $ 1 but I can no longer find it.I put this product on in the shower after I washed my beard and let it sit for 5-10 mins . It helped some but I expected more . Plus it made my chest break out really bad . I feel there are better Cholesterol products to be found and cheaper .
 These products and others -LRB- Dr. Miracles , Organic Root Stimulator -RRB- cause hair loss . They have harsh cancer causing chemicals such as parabens , sulfates . When I used them I saw a small amount of hair growth then bumbs formed on my scalp which turned to scabs and the strands of hair fell out when the scabs fell off.Castor oil , natural / organic / vegetarian products are better !
 DID NOT GROW AN INCH OF HAIR.IT IS NOT ALAPRECIA IT IS JUST LOST OF HAIR NO CHEMINALSJUST LOST HAIR
 I got just the shampoo in the green bottle and i had my hair like a pixie cut so results would have been very noticeable . I noticed a quarter of an inch extra that grew every month . Maybe using all products will help though . Who knows try it .
 I have ordered Tresor perfume online before and been very happy with it . I decided to order a bottle recently . Price was way up from last time and to top it off you can hardly smell it . Not happy at all with my purchase . I will not order this again .
 Questioning where is my order ? I have not received my Tresor Gift Set , why ?
 Just tried to purchase this item which I love ... but after weeks of trying to get it posted to here in Australia I have been advised now that the item is considered ` Hazardous/prohibited/requires special protective clothing etc etc.The agent that purchased this item on my behalf now has to discard it leaving me out of pocket.Copy of information sheet provided to me that apparently explains.MATERIAL SAFETY DATA SHEET ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 1 . PRODUCT AND COMPANY IDENTIFICATIONProduct Name -LRB- as on label -RRB- : Dune Primrose/Absolute Desert Pure-fume Aroma ConcentrateProduct Code # :64025 EL mass code :0 Formula NumberAN0189 .00 PreparedRevisedDate :03 / 25/2002by : AJFMANUFACTURERPHONE NUMBERSAveda CorporationInformation :8:00 AM - 7:00 PM CST , M-F
 Seller charged my credit card 2 months ago and still has not shipped the items I ordered . They do not respond to e-mails or phone calls . I had to file a credit card dispute to obtain my money back . I have reported them to the Better Business Bureau .
 I was very upset to open the packaging box to find the product spill everywhere , I 'm very disappointed , I felt as if they could have put a little more effort !!!!!!!!!! : - -LRB-
 I liked the smell of this perfume but it wo n't last too long . After about an hour , the smell is gone . It is more like a splash than a perfume .
 This is my very first TERRIBLE experience purchasing from Amazon ; I have shopped here for numerous years and had never had this issue.This is a Bvlgari Jasmin perfume ; it smells like industrial alcohol . I tried it several times since it arrived yesterday , and it smells nothing like the original one . I have used the Bvlgari Jasmin for years , and now it has discontinued because the company launched Bvlgari Jasmin Noir that I do n't like , hence my attempt to purchase the original Jasmin from the Internet rather than stores and Bvlgari , itself . I still have a little bit of my previous Bvlgari Jasmin perfume left , so I compared the scent and sprayed each on one wrist ; the one I just purchased from Amazon smells like alcohol where my old one , though it has a few drops left , smells like how it supposed to.I will be returning this.Thank you , D.D.
 I liked the smell very much and that 's why I bought it . But the scent goes away within less than an hour . Not worth the price ...
 I have been wearing this for a week now and absolutely neither any positive compliments nor any sign of attraction ! I get complements on other perfumes I wear all the time and am not an unattractive woman either . Do not recommend .
 POEME By Lancome For Women EAU DE PARFUM SPRAY 3.4 OZ . MUST BE WATER AND FOOD COLORING . NO SCENT . IF I HAD KNOWN THIS I WOULD N'T HAVE OPENED THE BOX . ONCE YOU OPEN THE BOX YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO RETURN THE PRODUCT . HOW WAS I SUPPOSE TO KNOW IT WAS N'T THE REAL THING WITHOUT OPENING THE BOX ?
 The product price is $ 20.75 but the shipping charge by onlineRx is $ 10 -LRB- $ 9.99 to be exact -RRB- . This is outrageous as it is just a pack of eight 3.5 ounce bars which is not anything fragile or heavy . Looks like onlineRx wants to milk the customers here .
 American Crew forming creme is full of nasty chemicals like parabens and urea . My hair smells really bad for at least 2 hours after application , and the smell never completely goes away . I keep it around for days when your hair just have to stand up , but I will stay with my Giovanni mousse for everyday use .
 I bought this at my grocery store because my skin has been so dry this winter.I figured if its made for babies , it would be safe . Wow , was I wrong ! I do not have sensitive skin and I have never had such a severe reaction to any other skin product . My skin is covered with a bumpy . red and itchy rash after using this for about 4 nights in a row after showering.I have been using Cortisone 10 for the past three days and using benedryl to try and get rid of it . How are they selling this stuff with all the incidences of rashes ? And for babies ! This stuff should be removed from shelves everywhere .
 I only gave this one star because it made me - I would have given it ZERO stars . I have used Johnson 's Baby Oil for many years and had no problems with it at all . I thought I would try the baby oil GEL . After just three uses I have broken out with a rash all over my body , arms and legs are the worse . What is in this gel stuff that is not in the regular baby oil ? Whatever it is , it has made me miserable . I ca n't wait for this rash to go away , it looks terrible . It 's red , swollen , and it 's itchy and burning ! I 'm wearing turtle-neck 's and slacks until this rash goes away . I usually love Johnson and Johnson products but not this gel stuff . I do n't have senitive skin so I 'm wondering why the rash after using this stuff . I 'm switching back to the regualr baby oil.Johnson 's Baby Gel Oil with Aloe & Vitamin E , 6.5 Ounces
 Awful , awful , awful ! I did a search about allergic reaction to this gel and found these reviews !! Used it TWICE and endeded up with an itchy , splotchy red rash . And have I mentioned it 's ITCHY !! I cant believe this product can stay on the market with all of these consistent physical reactions by so many people .
 I 'm really glad that there is a place to comment on products ; thank you , Amazon ! I used this for less than a week and developed a terrible blotchy red contact dermatitis all over my chest and stomach . I stopped using the product but the rash is still developing , now on my arms . I 'm using oatmeal in the bath and lotion , but it is n't looking a whole lot better yet . I 'm shocked at the number of products Johnson & Johnson has had on recall . This was a product that mothers could trust for use on their babies and I used their lavender baby bath with very good results until they change the formula . Shame on them and their dirty facilities . That people are suffering with rashes as they continue to sell this product ! Such a fall for an American icon .
 I thought I was crazy . Why was I getting a red , bumpy , itchy rash after using a product that is supposed to be so good for you ? I 'm glad I 'm not alone . I have tried off and on this winter to use it because it is so moisturizing . It takes OTC allergy medicine and topical hydrocortisone to relieve the itching and get the rash to subside . I hope this does n't happen to babies or children .
 I just want to say `` thank you all for posting reviews about this product ! '' You saved me from paying a Doctor 's visit . I used this product for two weeks and got a rash all over my body , did n't know what causing it till I googled `` Johnson 's baby oil '' ... Never had a rash or a skin allergy in my life , ca n't believe that Johnson made this ...
 Like the others before me , I wish I had read the reviews before buying this product . I did do some research , and it seemed like this would be a great product for my dry skin without having to spend a fortune . I 've been using it for 2 days now , just a little bit right after showering , then patting dry . My skin felt great - soft and smooth , no scaliness , etc. . I was thrilled - UNTIL the rash appeared . Right now , my arms are covered in a red , itchy , bumpy rash , and I am extremely uncomfortable . So far the only thing that has helped the itching has been Benadryl gel , but the bumps and redness remain . And to think I would n't buy the generic because I trusted the Johnson & Johnson name . Shame on them !
 I had really high hopes for this product because I have used J&J skincare products my whole life and have used them on all 4 of my children , with great results . HOWEVER , within 60-90 minutes of applying the baby oil gel to my legs , arms and chest , I broke out in a horrible rash in these areas . 48 hours and two showers later , the rash is still there , still itching like crazy . It is beyond annoying . I have never had any kind of allergic reaction to any skin lotion/oil product so this is an unexpected outcome . I 'm sure lots of people wo n't have any problem with this product . That said , I highly recommend patch testing this on a small area before using it all over your body or using it on small children . Also , the product instructions say that using it on wet skin is more effective than on dry skin . Well , my rash is most definitely worse where my skin was wet ... probably because it soaked into my skin more deeply . Super .
 Bought this for my 2 year old to keep his skin moisturised in these winter months , big mistake . Applied it to his skin after his night time bath and within 24-36 hours a pimply red rash started to appear . now , 3-4 days later the rash has spread and has got much worse . He has had at least 3 baths since i applied it and the rash is still very much there . Wish i had been wise enough to read some reviews on the product beforehand , but having used Johnsons products on my babys skin since birth , i felt absolutely safe to use this . I would not recommend this product , especially not for babies/children .
 Last night I used this product after showering and followed the directions . Waking up this morning , I had an itchy red rashes all over my chest . I never , ever , break out in rashes . I did use the product all over my body and it seems my chest is the only part of my body that developed rashes . I browsed online trying to see what could be the cause of this rash and here I find all these reviews about others experiencing the same thing . I am almost positive this gave me a rash because this is the only product I have used on my skin recently . I put hydrocortisone cream on and it helped a little . I would not use on infants especially !
 This gave me a SERIOUS head to toe red and VERY itchy rash that is now peeling . A friend also bought some for these dry winter months and except for the peeling she also got the horrible red itchy rash.Beware before you buy this . I do not have sensitive skin and I typically do not have allergic reactions to things .
 Liked initially . Used for one week , then rash on legs where I used the product . Firey red , mottled -- itchy ! Never had an adverse reaction to any products before , so not just a case of sensitive skin .
 I have also gotten a horrible itchy red rash wherever I applied this product . I used it one day , then skipped a day and the next day applied it again and about 5 or 6 hours later the rash started to appear . The itchiness is pretty unbearable , but it looks really bad too.I do n't know what 's in this to have caused this ... when my skin is dry I do n't usually have a reaction to using something like this .
 This product deserves a zero for its negative impacts . Like everyone else , I have also gotten a horrible rash from using it . I too used it for about a week after getting out of the shower -LRB- following the directions on the label exactly -RRB- and now I have small itchy red bumps on my hips and on the backs of my legs . I 've been wondering where it came from and now I know . I 'm throwing this stuff out and will avoid using other Johnson and Johnson products .
 Unbelievable ; I truly wish I researched this before buying this , it was amazing for the first day or two , moisturized my skin incredibly - after 3 or more uses -LRB- less than 1 full week -RRB- , I started getting a small , red and bumpy rash on my legs - was n't sure if this was the culprit at first , but it was the only new thing I was using only on my legs - stopped using it for a day and was fine , began re-using it again thereafter and the rash came right back - if it 's mild and safe enough or babies , I can not pinpoint what is in this product that caused such a reaction , esp . even moreso that I 've read countless reviews stating the same exact reaction I 've had - DO NOT USE THIS , it 's not worth the outbreak !!
 I bought the baby oil product with the same ingredients . My husband , 1-month-old , and I all are broken out in an itchy , red rash . Shame on Johnson & Johnson for continuing to sell a product with these side effects , especially when targeted for babies !
 I wish I had seen these reviews about a week ago . :-LRB- I have the rash as well ...
 I purcahsed the Target brand baby oil gel which is comparable to the Johnson & Johnson product . Ths skin on my legs is very dry and I have been looking for something to add moisture to my skin . I tried this and liked it a lot for the first week . It made my legs look so much better and more smooth . I would apply it every night before sleeping to let it soak in . After about a week a red rash appeared on my legs and arms . I have had this small bumpy rash now for about a week and it is n't really going away . I think it could be from this product because the only thing I have done differently from my normal routine is to apply this baby oil gel .
 I have a bad rash right now and I was searching for a cure and my search led me to this page . This is exactly the product I bought recently and used . It 's funny cause I taught this product can actually cure the rash after I noticed it and applied it again before bed . But luckily for me , I found this , so I 'm gon na go throw it away . My sister also got rash after using the oil formula . So be warned !!! I 'm gon na go scratch now .
 Since I stumbled on these reviews when searching for `` Baby Oil Rash '' , you can guess what I am going to say . I had been using this for a few days after showering -LRB- so it was somewhat diluted -RRB- and noticed a rash the next day . I stopped using it immediately . I have a very itchy and red rash on most parts of my body . I have not used the baby oil for 3 days now , but the rash remains . I have tried baby oil a few times in the past and got a rash those times , too . I had hoped that either the formula had changed or I got over the sensitivity . No such luck . Wonder which ingredient -LRB- s -RRB- is causing this .
 The bottle I received did not smell like the fragrance normally does . I have been using this fragrance for several years . I do n't know if this was a very old bottle or what , but it just smelled like alcohol .
 Beware
 You would n't think that an expensive baby skin product would contain cancer causing substances , but this does ! It was a gift from good friends and used it for a week before reading all the ingredients . I was moderately satisfied until that point - OK cleansing power , interesting light foam , nice fragrance . Too bad about the toxic ingredients .
 This is one of the crappiest , cheapest , most useless hairbrushes I have ever used . It lasted a few months and then started disintegrating . I will never spend another dollar on a Conair product . It 's a waste of my money .
 The bristles are too thick and too far apart . I felt like my hair was still knotted and not smooth .
 i should have probably tried to return this ... but how do you know what it smells like before you open it . I have chanel perfume -LRB- the same exact one -RRB- in my bathroom right now , it was getting low , saw the cheap price for this one & got it . The smell and the color is different & most likely it is expired perfume . Never again will i buy perfume from any amazon sellers . Only in the department stores .
 This creme has a nice smell , but it would be nice if it were more waxy . I find when it 's in my hair , it takes my hair a long time to dry and kind of just smears around my little flyaways .
 First ingredient
 The pump was broken and when I opened the bottle and turned it upside down NOTHING cameout !!! Completely disappointed . I now have to take the time to return an empty bottle and wo n't take my chances purchasing this online again . Complete waste !!!
 I was disappointed in this product . I did not notice any improvement in using heat and the sauce . I thought it would be a noticeable improvement to my hair after using a heated dryer , does not live up to it 's advertised description .
 I read all the other reviews and decided to try this product . I only used a little but even so , it left a heavy waxy feel to my hair , I 'm going to stick with Chi even though I do n't care for the way it smells . At least Chi leaves my hair soft and shiney .
 I purchased this product more for the bottle , as crazy as it sounds we all have collection of different items . ;-RRB- When I ordered this product online it was shown in a hot sauce-looking bottle but when I received my package it was just the typical bottle AND broken . When I contacted the seller they were unhelpful , rude & careless ! To the point that they lost this valuable customer 's service ! Good luck if buying from them , hopefully you 'll get what you thought you are/were paying for ... if not , do n't expect any customer service . : -LRB-
 I thought this was a great product when I received a sample with my FHI flatiron . Made my hair shiny and I had several compliments since I started using this product . However , the product I received from Amazon does not appear to be the same product I got with my flat iron . It seems like hand lotion in a bottle . I think it may not be the real product . I will not order items like this again . I wondered how it could have been so cheap .
 My hair tends to be very dry and prone to breakage . So , I was looking for a product that would condition , strenghten and protect my hair from heat damage . Which is what this product claims to do . I used this product for two months , however my hair remained very dry and the amount of breakage did not improve . Just not for me !
 This product did nothing for my 3c/4a textured hair . To me it was just another layer of unnecessary product build up on my hair .
 I do n't know if this product is good or bad , as I did not get to try it . The bottle I received had been opened , and was only half full . It was advertised on Amazon as New , but clearly it was not . I was hesitant to use it since it had was opened and half empty.Buyer beware if you are ordering this product from this Seller . What a rip off !! Product may be great , but just did not want to take a chance on using this due to the condition it was in when I received it .
 The old formula in the 2 oz squeeze bottle was terrific.But there are real problems with the new 1.7 oz pump bottle . One major flaw is that the pump DOES N'T WORK . It has no central tube to feed the product to the pump . You could pump all day , and it would n't work.FHI is a good company , but they do n't seem to be paying attention to Quality Assurance in their manufacturing process . They need to fix these problems , or risk losing their loyal customers.Better yet , they should just forget the pump bottle and bring back the old squeeze bottle.In trying to `` update '' their product with a pump bottle , FHI has messed things up . There was nothing wrong with the old squeeze bottle in the first place . IF IT AI N'T BROKE , DO N'T FIX IT .
 I have purchased this product before and have been very happy with it . This time i was sent a different product . When I complained about it I was told that the packaging had changed , which is incorrect . I have purchased both products and the packaging had nothing to do with it . The product I requested was the Fhi Heat with crystalized jojoba and what I received was Fhi heat thermal heat-activated conditioner . I am not a satisfied customer !
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 I purchased Clove , medium ash brown , and used it to cover a small amount of gray . Now that I 'm done , I can still see where the grays were , and it does n't look a whole lot better . The process of using this product was messy , time consuming , and smelly . After going through all the trouble , the results were not worth it . I followed the directions precisely and left it in for 20 minutes -LRB- the maximum time -RRB- . I wo n't be tempted to try this product again .
 Product itself is fine . Delivery was fine also . The information states `` pack of 3 '' giving the idea it 's 1 kit x 3 boxes . It is really just 1 box with 3 items inside . By the time you pay the cost and shipping for 1 box you have twice the price you will find in stores .
 This did n't cover hardly any gray and I do n't have a lot but they are all in front and this did n't cover them . So if you 're looking for hair color to do that try something else . It did make my hair feel super nice after conditioner but no good for me .
 The name is misleading . `` Auburn brown '' means reddish brown . This is almost tomato red . Nothing brown about it . Went to the trash . Worst color I have ever tried .
 To ClariolI love , love , love the old version of your medium brown color . Why on earth did you change the formula , with that stupid 2 week refresher that turns your hair reddish ? On top of it , the newer formula dries out your hair and does not last as long . Please go back to the oringal formulas , please !!!!! I loved the older version , it beautifully colored my hair , and it made my hair silky smooth and healthy.GO Back to Orginal Version , or else this customer will leave you !
 ZERO STARSBe careful
 I have used Natural Instincts for several years . It seems to be the next best semi-permanent haircolor to L'Oreal 's discontinued Colorspa , although this particular color looks harshly uniform until several shampoos after first coloring . My real concern , and the reason for the low rating , is the newly added `` Week 2 ColorFresh ! Revitalizer '' . The instructions are to use it 2 weeks after coloring . Here are my issues with it :1 . You have to put it on in the shower after you wash your hair , so unless you have a mirror handy , you ca n't watch what you 're doing .2 . It leaves a stain on the scalp and skin . This is not a subtle stain . It is reminiscent of poorly and excessively applied self-tanner from the 1980s , with a strong , unnatural orange cast .3 . It does n't have staying power . I was able to remove it from my hairline and scalp with eye makeup remover -LRB- nevermind the mess that made -RRB- . Then , it washed away completely in the next shampoo . What a joke!This product `` enhancement '' is a real disappointment and not something I would expect from Clairol . I say , get it right or do n't put it on the market . Otherwise , you 're going to lose credibility with loyal customers .
 My mom used Natural Instinct for many years until they changed their formula . The worst part of it all was the 2 week color refresher ! Turned my mom 's hair into a fireball !!! IT 'S PURE RED !!! -LRB- she used a dark brown hair coloring -RRB- She was very furious that she did n't leave the house for many weeks.I 'm going to do a research for another ammonia free hair coloring . She wo n't be buying this brand again !
 I 've been using Clairol Natural Instincts hair coloring for years and years and years and have always loved it . Until now . The new formula smells awful , has a thick gloopy consistency that is so heavy it droops and drops everywhere and leaves stains on the counter/floor that are nearly impossible to get out . And for all that torture , the new formula takes twice as much to do the job and the color starts looking dull almost immediately after just a couple of washes . Plus it 's terribly drying to my hair whereas the old formula and conditioner had a nice softening effect.I 've always avoided having permanent hair coloring done at the salon because of the ammonia and damage it does to hair over time . But after just a few tries with the new Natural Instincts , I would rather do permanent coloring at the salon or even just go totally natural -LRB- i.e. gray -RRB- . Either would be far far better than the torture and bad results from the new Natural Instincts . If anyone has suggestions for temporary hair color solutions to replace Natural Instincts , I would so appreciate a tip via the comments.Clairol , what were you thinking ? You seriously need some help in both R&D ; and QA . : - -LRB-
 This review is for my grandma . When she went to use the 2 week refresh it turned her hair ORANGE . What the heck is up with that ? She definitely wont be using it again thats for sure .
 What a heartbreak . I have black hair have maybe 20 gray hairs all in 2 clusters , maybe a few more , and I used to use Natural Instincts # 36 midnight black once every 2 or so months for perfect coverage of the grays . My hair was undamaged by the product and the gradual fade of the semipermanent hair color meant that i did not have to worry about obvious root growth . But then they changed their formula . I had read a review to that effect but a few reviews mentioned just do n't use the color booster so i was hoping i would be okay . I bought and used the new formula . After 2 washes my gray was showing through the hair color , after a couple more washings the grey was almost back to it 's original gray . D-MN YOU CLAIROL !! I 've asked around on beauty boards for another semi-perm hair color that is as good as the old natural instincts and apparently there is not a good substitute . A great product is gone from the market.update
 This color is great if you do n't like using harsh hair dyes , I 'll give it that , but when it comes to washing out , it DOES N'T . Even when you 're only doing the `` root touch ups '' like they suggest IT WO N'T WASH OUT EVER . I have dark brown hair and my hair has been stained black . Since it 's not like the ammonia hair dyes , it does n't come out with Loreal color fix and bleach ... well bleach is horrible , but it 's what I 'm going to try next to get this out of my hair , because I refuse to pay someone at a salon $ 300 to fix it . I know I may end up with no hair if I do that , so please do n't lecture me . I just want to warn others that this does not wash out as promised , you 're better off using a regular hair dye with stinky chemicals .
 I was never more excited I looked all over the internet to find this hair dye which was permanent in the color that I loved in the nonpermanent coloring . Unfortunatly this is the nonpermanent hair dye that I recieve . So this is not the right picture of the product DO N'T LET IT MAKE YOU THINK THIS IS PERMANENT ... . IT IS THE KIND THAT WILL WASH OUT IN SOMETHING LIKE 6 WEEKS.ANGIE
 Pay attention to the review dates . This product was changed in early 2012 . Reviews before that are most likely for the old formula.Since they brought out this new formula , I 've been looking for an alternative . I was `` brand loyal '' to Clairol , but no longer . I prefer the original formula and wish now that I had stockpiled it . This new one has you coloring DRY hair . By the time you have your hair covered , it is a sticky , gooey mess . That was n't the case with their original formula which had you apply it to damp hair . Secondly , this new formula has the EXTRA STEP of applying a `` refresher '' packet that requires you to wear gloves in its application . Now that I 've read some of the other reviews , I 'm thankful that I did n't apply the `` Refresher '' . I gave the product a couple of starts because the instructions are easy to understand -LRB- for the most part -RRB- and you can judge for yourself with Amazon 's thorough product listing here . The package also includes gloves and conditioner . By the way , kudos to Amazon for including the instructions , package , etc. although in one place it lists the product is `` permanent '' and in another place its reads , `` non permanent '' on the same product page . Oops.The original formula was great . It lasted a long time , was easy to apply , and was non permanent so you did n't have to deal with a stark contrast in roots or treatment lines . I used it for years and loved the results . It was a product that I felt I could rely on . I 'd give the original formula four or five stars.I can only speculate as to why Clairol changed this product . Perhaps they had a new brand manager -LRB- or team -RRB- who felt they had to put their thumbprint on it . Perhaps new regulations or limited availability of supplies required a change of formula . Whatever the reason , if there is any way to return to the original or even offer the original alongside this new version ... please do so ! Coke did it . You can too . : -RRB-
 I absolutely love the color however it washed out in a weeks time . I was so upset . I wrote them and they gave me a free coupon , but why would I use there product again for it to wash out another week later . I should have to just to my tried and true Feria
 Only 75 % of the grey hair successully turned to dark brown color . Wonder how long the colored hair portion will last . Both my husband and I tried this product . Same poor result . Worst hair color product we have ever bought .
 Why did you change your formula !! I loved your old formulat and have mixed two shades together for many years
 I have colored my hair many times , and typically use Herbashine , but decided to give this a try because of the 2 week booster . I do n't think I 'm even going to use the booster because my hair is basically black using LIGHT golden brown , and it did n't cover my greys at all . The only reason this stuff gets 1 star is because the conditioner is nice , but they do n't give you enough -LRB- I had to use the whole bottle for my hair , and it says use 1/3 -RRB- I have long hair and one box of Herbashine is plenty to do all of my hair , I could have used a second bottle because this did not cover all of it thoroughly . Needless to say I 'll be switching back in hopefully less than 28 shampoos .
 This is NOT the same product as it used to be . Now , turns hair dry and frizzy . Color is awful and does not last -LRB- thank God ! -RRB- . So sad ; it was a good product before formula change .
 I used this product to color my daughter 's hair , she had never colored her hair before , and we did n't want to use permanent color . I followed all of the directions , but the first time my daughter washed her hair , there was a noticeable difference in the color , with her dark brown beginning to show . We had expected it to last through multiple shampoos , so this was a big disappointment .
 I use this product for my roots/growout every 2 mo or so . The color it self seems similar to what it has been to me but I just did the `` color refresher packet '' which upon opening it was bright yellow . That should have stopped me right there ... I used it anyways & my blond hi lights are now CANARY YELLOW ! I have to use lemon juice or baking soda or something to get this awful yellow out !!!! It looks terribly cheap ! DONT use the color refresher !!!!!
 I have med-dark blond hair , and this stuff turned my hair DARK , DARK almost black , brown with orange highlights ! I googled it and found 100s of other people with the same problem ! After chatting with Clairol , I found out that it will take at least 48 -LRB- not the 28 the box claims -RRB- washed to get it out ... and it may not all come out as it is darker than my regular hair color . And , apparently one can not simply dye it another color before the washing out process ! Even their customer service people admit that they get complaints ALL day long about this stuff . I am SO unhappy . I hope I can save someone else from this mess .
 I had been using Clairol Natural Instincts Midnight Black for a long time . I loved the original formula . The color was excellent and the conditioner was the best -LRB- wish I could have bought it separate it was so good -RRB- . I bought the new 10 min formula to cover my gray with Black and my roots are brown ! It is too ugly . I now have Brown roots and the rest of my hair is black . I do n't like it at all . I do n't understand why the formula changed . Why wo n't Clairol tell us the reason ? Was the original formula hazardous to our health ? If so , does this mean the new formula is even worse ? The 10 min formula is deceptive . It does not color my hair to color I expect . I will not use this formula ever again . As a matter of fact I think I may be afraid to use even the original formula if I ever find it again . So long Clairol and thanks for nothing .
 I am not willing to pay the extra money for the product 's change to include the color fresh packet . As mentioned by many others it turns your hair and scalp orange !! I do n't know why Clairol changed a previously well liked product . It also now contains peroxide .
 I found that having to put the color boost in a week or 2 weeks after dying my hair was annoying . I also found the instructions for the color boost to be confusing , since I had no idea what it was or how it worked . It did n't seem to be any better than any other coloring I had used before , and , maybe , not as good . Lastly , it LEFT STAINS ON MY PILLOWCASE ! There is now a section of my pillowcase that is stained with a brownish -LRB- Lighter than the color in my hair , thank God -RRB- area where my head had rested during sleep -LRB- and , yes , I rinsed it VERY well -RRB- . I have NEVER had a hair color leave color on my pillowcase before . I was shocked to see it , and VERY annoyed . I HAD a subscription for regular deliveries of this product , but I cancelled it . I wo n't use it again .
 I agree with those who say the new formula is horrible . I have been using this color Cinnaberry for at least 15 years . It was my go to color if I was feeling like a change . The most recent application left my hair clown red and horribly dry . Dont even touch the refresher packet becasue that is a joke . It totally changes the color and makes it even more orange ! It used to last me a few weeks before fading . It lasted a week and started to fade . I dont know why they have to change formulas . If it isnt broke Clairol , dont fix it . I did my research and found a color that is exactly like the old Cinnaberry . Garnier Herba shine 565 Med Auburn Brown . It looks like the old color is supposed to and is shiny and ammonia free !
 I have used Natural Instincts Linen for many years and have always loved how natural it looked . Not any more ! The new formula does n't cover as well and has an unnatural look . And the special solution you put on after two weeks makes it worse !! For the first time ever , my friends asked me what I did to my hair . If I ca n't find the old solution somewhere , I 'll be forced to look at products from other companies . Please , Clairol , bring back the old formula !!
 I used this on the recommendation of a family member whose dermatologist had recommended this and they were having great results . I , on the other hand , did not have such great results . For one , this does not have glycolic acid like the other Glytone products . It 's just salcylic acid . The fragrance is awful and for someone like me , who gets bad breakout reactions along the jawline just from certain fragrances , this is a bad combo . My face was broken out the entire time I used it and began clearing up when I stopped .
 I bought this when I ran out of my other -LRB- more expensive -RRB- acne-clearing toner . I read about 100 reviews on other sites and everybody said it worked like a charm . I used it twice a day in conjunction with a well-known acne cleanser , then a another store-bought acne cleanser -LRB- when I ran out of the expensive cleanser -RRB- AND while taking birth control and I still suffered with five or six nasty pimples on any given day . It was a waste . I 've used a full two-thirds of the bottle now and there is zero improvement in my skin . My skin looked markedly better -LRB- though still not always clear -RRB- when I was using the other toner and cleanser together , so I dropped the money on those tonight instead .
 The color is very deceiving . This is nothing more than a stick of lipgloss.It has no tint of yellow what so ever when you apply it to your skin
 I love Little Sprouts products but I hate this cream . It is thick which I love , but the smell is very overwhelming . It really stinks . If you like strong perfumed scents for your little one then this is the product for you ! However , not all Little Sprouts products have a scent like this one . So do n't judge all of Little Sprouts products by this one .
 This baby lotion is too thick and absolutely does not smell fresh or clean . Smells like something you would find at a parfume counter in a department store . Definitely not for my baby !
 I am thinking of returning it . I would not recommend it . Like the case and the box it came in though .
 Well I was so happy when I receive my magic lipstick , but for no reason it broke and only was able to used with careful , because I did not wanted all over my fingers etc. : -LRB-
 It does n't last as long as my older aloe vera lipsticks , only a little longer than regular lipstick . It also feels less moist . I need a little lip balm over it to keep my lips from feeling dry . I was really disappointed .
 I was expecting from the name of this product for it to go on blue . It does n't . I was very disappointed and hope that in the future , the company will make it more clear what to expect from the lipstick .
 This eye make-up remover smells good but is terrible on waterproof mascara , despite its specific claims otherwise . I would n't recommend it or buy it again .
 I really like the MyChelle cranberry cleanser and Pumpkin peel but I did no have much success with this serum . I have mild acne which seemed to worsen with this product . When I stopped using it and continued with the cleanser and peel , my skin cleared up nicely . However , I like MyChelle products and do n't want to disuade others from using it , because it might work for certain types of acne .
 MyChelle changed the formulation of this product several years ago , removing the lactic acid -LRB- derived from milk , if I understand correctly -RRB- , and the product has not been the same since . It used to be not the least bit sticky , and was highly effective . Now it is sticky almost to the point of being soapy , and is no longer effective for my acne-prone skin . I respect the effort to make this product completely vegan , but unfortunately , for me , it compromised the product .
 I 've this product a month before I decided to review it - my skin is n't any better than when I started , possibly even worse . This does n't soothe and calm any red skin . The bottle is tiny and you have to very frugle with the pump because every pump costs you 25 cents . All in all , about as effective as if they had just put water inside it . Unfortunate because I had held out hope for this . I 'll order this one other time because sometimes things do take 2 months to really become effective . If the second bottle improves my skin , I 'll remove this review . If not , I 'll keep it up.Update
 THIS IS AN UPDATE 1/24/2011
 Sadly , this made me break out really bad :-LRB- Too bad , seemed like THE dream product for acne sufferers . I have moderate to severe acne that has calmed waaaay down since I started taking YAZ . . That is , until I used this serum . I will go back to using Juice Beauty Blemish Serum which does n't exactly clear my face up , but does reduce redness on contact and definitely heals the pimples much quicker when used in conjunction with BP .
 I am very happy with the pumpkin peel and hydration serum so I really wanted to like this one . I have oily and sensitive skin . This product smells bad and made me break out around the chin area . I did n't use it long enough to tell whether or not it is good at controlling oil .
 not very impressive for the amount of money i paid for this lotion ... just made my face a little red with no results .
 When I first used this , my skin turned red and pink throughout . I did n't hold that against the product and figured that it was the SPF , since a good number of products with SPF irritate my skin , though I would have thought Clinique would have been in the group that was better than that , apparently not . That aside , I kept using it for a bit over a week to see what the benefits would be , I mean it was Clinique , maybe a little redness would be the price for getting rid of lines , but no . Not only did I not notice any difference after a week and a half , but it actually dried out my skin.Will not purchase again . Waste of money
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 I thought this would be the non-surgical answer to botox . I was wrong . it also peels off in little crumbs if you touch your face or want to apply make-up over it . I do n't know too many women who do n't wear at least powder foundation ? I would not recommend .
 I ordered the 8.5 oz bottle of Bain de terre rinse and shine white willow volumizing foam however I received a 6.7 oz bottle of Bain de terre rise and shine volumizing foam . The product sent to me did not have the white willow in it . I like the one that was sent though too .
 I bought this specifically for the lavender scent but this stuff smells horrible . What a disappointment . Other products that are unscented smell better than this .
 I have purchased this item twice now thinking the first time maybe the batch was old or something ... The price is great but the smell of this product is horrible . I will never buy this again ... if you can handle the smell the product does get rid of the hot-flashes .
 LOST APPROX $ 25.00 RETURNING DEFECTIVE PRODUCT -LRB- $ 40.00 OF MERCHANDISE -RRB- INCLUDING RESTOCKING FEE FOR PRODUCT WHICH COULD NOT BE RESTOCKED.RECOMMEND AVOIDING THIS VENDOR .
 I ORDERED THIS MIRROR BECAUSE IT HAD SUCH GOOD REVIEWS WELL MINE CAME YESTERDAY AND I DID NOT LIKE IT . THE MIRROR HAD THE SMALL MAGNIFICATION MIRROR ON IT BUT THIS SMALL MIRROR IS ON THE SIDE THAT IS THE NORMAL SIDE NOT THE BIG SIDE . WHEN I WENT TO USE THE NORMAL SIDE OF THE MIRROR TO PUT ON MAKEUP THIS SMALL MAGNIFICATION MIRROR WAS IN MY WAY IT ALMOST MADE ME DIZZY THE SMALL MIRROR IS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE BOTTOM OF THE MIRROR AND LOOKS LIKE IT WOULD BE OUT OT THE WAY BUT IT WAS N'T . THEY SHOULD N'T HAVE PUT THIS SMALL MIRROR ON THE NORMAL SIDE I THINK IT WOULD HAVE BEEN A GREAT MIRROR IF THIS SMALL MAGNIFICATION MIRROR HAD BEEN ON THE SIDE WITH THE BIG MAGINGICATION MIRROR THEN YOU WOULD HAVE THE WHOLE SIDE FOR PUTTING ON MAKEUP AND THE OTHER SIDE WHEN YOU NEEDED IT FOR SOMETHING YOU REALY NEEDED TO DO UP CLOSE . I STARTED NOT TO WRITE THIS BECAUSE ALL THE OTHER REVIEWS WERE SO GOOD ON THIS MIRROR BUT I FELT LIKE PEOPLE SHOULD KNOW THAT THIS DOESNT WORK FOR EVERYONE . I SHOWED IT TO MY DAUGHTER AND DID N'T TELL HER THE WAY I FELT ABOUT IT AND SHE SAID THIS LITTLE MIRROR WOULD BE IN MY WAY AND WOULD DRIVE ME CRAZY . I AM GOING TO SEND THIS BACK AND ORDER ONE THAT HAS THE PLAIN MIRROR ON ONE SIDE AND THE MAGINGICATION MIRROR ON THE OTHER SIDE WITH NO SMALL MIRROR .
 I do n't like the way the light shows in the reflection when I look in the mirror . I would prefer a mirror without the light . The cord is an added mess to the countertop . Too late now .
 I used to have a Revlon mirror , which worked great . I bought this Conair mirror because it was more stylish -LRB- polished chrome compared to my plastic Revlon mirror -RRB- . Unfortunately even the brightest setting on this mirror is not as bright as I desire . Secondly , every time I bump the base , it turns the light off ! I wish that I would have stuck with my Revlon .
 I had been looking forward to this product until I plugged it in and turned it on . As I leaned forward to look in the mirror , I was so close I was almost touching it to see myself and that was distorted . When I leaned back a little , forget it , I could not discern my face at all . The light was very dim on the highest setting compared to my old makeup mirror . I irritably packed the mirror up and shipped it back for a refund.I do n't understand why someone ca n't make a pretty makeup mirror that does n't distort your face severely . It would also be nice to have a light setting that is more powerful and useful.My desk mirror I intended on replacing -LRB- a Clairol -RRB- , is 25 years old and have not had to replace the lights , yet . -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- I suppose as ugly and space consuming as it is , I should stick with what still works and forget esthetics .
 I was a devout Mychelle buyer and loved their products . I bought and returned this item recently when I noticed most of the ingrediants had been changed to cheaper ones . I still have a jar of the original stuff and have searched the internet to find some of the original but cant . Here are some of the first ingrediants in the original one
 I have sensitive skin , but immediately upon applying this mask , my skin started to burn . Not tingle , burn . I may have had an allergic reaction , but I highly recommend that people start with a sample . Obviously , my skin reaction meant that I ca n't use the product , but even if that was n't a factor , the smell was putrid . It smells like decaying fruit . Quite nasty . Bottom line
 I have combination skin and usually have no problem with peels or enzyme masks of any kind . However , this broke me out terribly after using it . I tried it several times to see if my skin was just `` purging '' but my skin always had the same reaction . I am really sad because I had high hopes for this product line because it seemed to have great reviews , but I am continually unimpressed each time I try something by them . Perhaps it is because they have changed their formulas and are using cheaper ingredients ? I 'm not sure . All I know is this one does not work for me .
 I bought this item from all the 5-star reviews it received on Amazon . Unfortunately , I ca n't say the same as the other reviewers . This product did absolutely nothing for my skin ; no peeling , no glow , barely a tingle . I doubt I will purchase any of their other products and definitely would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I saw a youtube video about how great this product is but when I went online to search for more reviews I noticed that all reviews prior to 2010 are great and after 2010 were not good at all . I read that the company has changed over to inexpensive ingredients . I was really looking forward to using this product but after learning about the new ingredients and reading the reviews after 2010 I will continue my search for a natural peel product . Suggestions anyone ?
 How you do rate a product you have not used ? MY low star review is not due to my using the product - but rather the fact that the product has obviously changed formulation over time and all the newer reviews claim that the it is different than in the past - now using cheaper ingredients . The old posts give glowing praises - the newer ones NOT . So , I guess I will skip this product line and try something else .
 I have a super sensitive scalp , and have tried many shampoos to help with my constantly dry , itchy red scalp . This shampoo smelled like fresh roses but stung like a thorn ! It left my scalp more dry . I will not repurchase . If you have a normal scalp , it will work for you . It is a basic , cleansing shampoo , nothing fancy .
 I own this product and it was working great , a little greasy if you sprayed too much , but after a month of having it , it has clogged and nothing comes out . I tried pulling off the top and rinsing it out and cleaning the tube but nothing worked . What a waste .
 HOLD THE PHONE!It 's a very fine mist of oil on your hair - slick , greasy , and shiny.It does make your hair shine , but if you gray hairs , guess what ... those are the ones that pickup the most shine!Yes , this is a wonderful GRAY HAIR SHINE . Not so good on your dyed hair !? -LRB- soaked in , I guess -RRB- . I really felt more like spraying olive oil or PAM.Love the CHI hair straightener , but not so much on the red can stuff -LRB- I bought 5 different products and they are expensive , without remarkable results -RRB-
 It 's a spendy product for one usage - mine clogged after using it ONCE . I 've rinsed the tip , the cap 's spout and underside after popping it off , hot water , cold water , warm ... does n't unclog . WHAT A WASTE !!!
 Ordered this product in February 2010 ... still waiting to receive it . There was no tracking information available even though I received a link via email . Still waiting ...
 Horrible . This product is WAY too strongly fragranced . After just a couple of sprays , I could barely breathe . Same with the several other products I bought from this line . I ended up giving them all away to a friend . CHI Shine Infusion Thermal Polishing Spray 5.3 oz
 Not useful or of good quality-easily replaced by sandpaper and chisel . Small buys add up-just save pennies , buy a leather-man .
 I purchased this as a gift and I was sorely disappointed when I opened the envelope
 I needed an item to make my total $ 25 . This is a inexpensive item . The file is tiny and would only be good in a pinch .
 we bought this as a cheap/easy stocking stuffer . It 's simply not woth anything . The little file is a good idea , but too tiny to actually work . My daughter -LRB- 8yrs old -RRB- liked the idea too , but was sad that she could n't work with the tiny strip that 's too short for even her little fingers . Cute , but not worth it .
 This product is overpriced . Walmart sells the 56 oz refill -LRB- $ 4.77 -RRB- for less than this 7.5 oz -LRB- over $ 5.00 -RRB- . I 'm not sure if this is more than 1 unit for this price , but I 'm not able to confirm that anywhere in the description .
 Nomads Dream has been my signature color for years . I do n't know if this polish was old or mislabeled but it was notNomad 's Dream .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 This is good soap ... but definitely not worth the price tag . It did not leave my skin soft , but it works well as a cleanser ... but so does Dove Pink , and Dove smells so much better !
 This soap is mild like it was advertized but it 's light fragrance is so bad that I am going to throw it away . I have never before been told that I do n't smell very good until I bathed with this soap . JLA
 I recently received this soap today . I was like `` Wow , this Canus soap smells good ! I do n't know what other reviewers are complaining about '' . The soap smelled pretty okay inside the box , BUT ... . when I lathered it up to wash my face , the smell seemed to change and it was n't ideally pleasant . Also , this particular soap left my face feeling tight and somewhat stingy . Canus needs to really upgrade their product to have a much better fragrance that is rich and long-lasting with better moisturizers -- put more goat 's milk in it ! Do something that 's a lot better than this !
 I bought this self tanning lotion because it claims to be safe for pregnant women . It contains DHA , as all self-tanners do , which is known to be unsafe for women in their first trimester ... It smells good though ... not like other expensive self-tanners . . .
 Bought revitol and returned it since i didnt like it . I am buying another product instead ... maybe dermafreeze or rejuvinol
 I ordered the 1.7 EDP . Was sent the 3.4 EDT . Very dissapointed . If I would have wanted the EDT I could have gotten it for much cheaper from a different seller . I wanted the EDP because it is stronger . I did not bother to send back because I had been waiting for it , and did n't want to have to wait a few weeks longer .
 Not received as advertised . Told by customer service that complete description was available if I had clicked the pic . Do n't think so . Finally after some time and discussion was told the correct item would be shipped . After no notification for two weeks , called again . Told that it was out of stock and my refund check would be sent . Over a week and no refund check . Bought the product at Ulta in Sac for same price once shipping was added . First disappointing transaction in years .
 The description sure sounded nice . I opened it and my son said ` smells like old lady ' . It certainly does . I got another perfume by the same maker and that one is ... ok . This one is going as a gift to someone I do n't like .
 I BOUGHT 2 DAYS AGO THE MAC Eyeshadow ~ Black Tied ~ Nib AND YOU DID N'T SEND TO ME MY TRACKING NUMBER YET PLEASE SEND TO ME , BEST REGARDS
 The color is not as bold as I have a bottle from a previous purchase at a salon . Color is discontinued so I took a chance with Amazon . I am not thrilled . I did receive very speedy service by the seller .
 The price was cheap and the quality was even cheaper . I was n't expecting a top of the line mirror for the price but this is far worse than I imagined . The light gives and orange cast and the plastic construction is so cheap . It took about 3 days for the light cover to fall off .
 I purchased this mirror to use as a travel mirror . It was small and I was hoping it would have sufficient light as most travel mirrors do not . When I received it , I was very happy with the size and the price was right too . however , when I plugged it in , one of the light bulbs was not working . Now , I guess once in a while something like this could happen but with all the other bad reviews , I think with this mirror it happens a lot . I did not bother to return it because it was not worth the price of shipping it back . Do not buy this product .
 This mirror casts a pink glow . I removed the plastic pieces that covered the bulbs and that helped somewhat , but it is still there . I have trouble adjusting it so I can see myself when it sits on my makeup counter .
 The left bulb did n't work so it was replaced with a new one and it still did n't work . I 'm not sure it ever did .
 This makeup mirror is okay . It was a little smaller than I expected . But , that just means it takes up less space .
 No matter how good a product is , I ca n't justify buying it if I know animals have been used for testing that is not required by any agency -- just conducted in attempts to avoid liability should a consumer be injured in some way by the product . Ironically , this makes the testing to `` protect consumers '' more accurately an activity corporations use to protect their own behinds -- and its nearby `` bottom '' line.The uselessness of the tests combined with the unspeakable cruelty makes it in my mind impossible to consider giving a dime to companies that refuse to take the small steps needed to stop testing.Forcing animals to eat a product until half of them die -LRB- LD-50 or `` lethal dose '' for 50 % of the poor animals , often dogs -RRB- has no possible value to anybody . It 's one of the most common tests , even though items like lipstick and face powder are so unlikely to be eaten by consumers until they get sick.And the bottom line with animal testing -- and what makes it so damn unnecessary a cruelty -- is that finding out how consumers will react to a product has very little or nothing to do with how a particular animal will . So a consumer who wants to sue badly enough can do so on these grounds anyway.We 've come so far in evolving past this heartless and useless practice ! Up to the mid-80s , you could not find cosmetics and hair products not tested on animals . I had to buy them in health food stores , which had also not evolved too far back then . Good old `` Beauty without Cruelty '' came out with their products then to give consumers like me a choice - but bless their hearts , their colors were pretty awful . Now that we 're almost there in getting animal tests on cosmetics stopped for good - I 'm hoping more people will keep the lab animals in mind when making their buyhing choices .
 This is not a must-have product . It weighed my hair down and made it greasy , though I did n't use more than a dime 's worth . My mother had the same experience . We both have thick , dyed-blonde hair . It did n't noticeably improve the shine of my hair , did n't aid in styling it , and did not enhance the finished look of my hair . I tried using it on both wet and dry hair - always had the same experience . My mother liked the fragrance , which is kind of citrus-y , but I 'm not wild about it . Eufora-brand products are better and more effective , IMHO .
 After reading all the rave reviews about this glossing cream from various sites , I decided to visit my local Sephora store and try it out yesterday . Unfortunately , this cream did not work with my relaxed shoulder length hair . It gave a brilliant shine , however , at the same time , any left over product on my hands was disgustingly oily ! Also , my hair felt brittle after applying this product ! Except for my hair ends , the rest of my hair was relatively soft and smooth , and this product made my hair feel brittle ! Not impressed . In fact , it seems when most people like a product , it does n't work with my hair . In my opinion , this product is even worse than Biosilk Silk Therapy which I hate ! -LRB- It 's also very greasy but at least my hair did n't feel brittle -RRB- .
 I have course , medium-thick hair , that is not straight , and not curly -- I 'd call it slightly wavy . It is colored to hide gray , but not super dry . I 'd describe it as a bit porous because it does frizz in humidity . Well - this product made my hair take forever to blow dry , and it left it soft , but not `` good soft . '' Rather , it left my hair , well , fluffy and full . It did not leave my hair shiny , but , instead , left it looking a bit dull . The one good point about it was that it does seem to moisturize your hair . But , I 'd rather leave that to my conditioner . Wo n't even finish the tube , I think .
 The old formula worked . This one does n't . This formula made my hair dry and puffy !!! I am so upset b/c it is puffing out my hair and it costs soooo much ... this `` new improved '' formula must be cheaper ... it does n't work ... . total disappointment !!! Fredric , I want my Money back !!!
 I am African American with curly hair . This product did not do much for me when I wore my hair curly . I tried using it when I flat ironed and it still did not impress me . I think it is way too expensive to not do anything .
 The overwhelming number of customer reviews for this product was positive , which led to my confidence purchase.I , however , personally find this product to be a little too oily . I have naturally wavy , fine , dry hair that needs to be straightened everyday.When I put this product on -LRB- following exactly what the instructions said -RRB- , I found my hair somewhat shiny in appearance . However , the product also kept the strands of my hair in somewhat of a chunky fashion , and my hair was n't blowing naturally in the wind . And every time I touched my hair throughout the day , there was the unpleasant oily feeling lingering on my fingers that I had to wash off . The next day when I started washing my hair , I noticed that one round of shampooing was far from enough to get all the product out of my hair .
 This perfume stinks but I love the bottle and since it was inexpensive I 'll keep it for the looks . Looks good on my bathroom shelf .
 This product is not one to purchase if trying to save money by not buying the more expensive ones on the market . Its the pads that go with it that you need to price first .
 This item is cheap , definitely not the high end massager that it is made to look like . Do n't waste your money .
 The pads stick to bottom of moving thingy and work for 1 or 2 times and then make a mess .
 The cotton pad gets caught on the face . I am a man , and I can not use this on the area of my face where whiskers grow ... no matter how clean-shaven . It is impossible to exfoliate with cotton pillows . Besides , all the device did was vibrate , which does nothing for exfoliation . It should spin .
 I got this free in a promotion and that 's about what it is worth . It is much more convenient to use the cleansing pads by hand rather than with the skinvitalizer . I am really not sure what they purpose they think they are serving with this product . The pads are also more soapy than I would like but that is minor enough since I can just squeeze out the excess .
 I was given this itemDove SkinVitalizer with 1 Massager and 6 Exfoliating Pillowsas a gift ; thought it was a frivilous but fun item . It was easy to use but imediately found it producded way too much suds . I had read the warning about avoiding the eyes and tried too , but the massager threw the soap too close to the eyes and I learned very quickly the warning is mild compared to the sting and pain the soap causes . I have never had anything burn my eye like this soap . My husband flushed my eye with no less than a gallon of saline water before the sting even began to subside . My suggestion to those who use this item is have a container of saline solution handy , or do what I did
 Well I purchased this product thinking it would be as good as a Clarisonic . Not even close ! The pad was akward as it stuck with velcro and well it just did n't do the job . I eventually purchased the Clarisonic and forgot about this product until I was reviewing my purchases here on Amazon . It must be in the back of the drawer .
 I was looking for a a very good cleanser and with dove I figured there a good brand . My skin feels the same way as before I cleansed . will not buy again
 i expected this will do some deep cleaning.but it does n't . i will not recommend the product , a waste of money.better yet use bare fingers to clean face .
 I ca n't believe how disappointing this product is ! Does it work ? Yes . But not any better than if you just used a facial cleansing disposable cloth/wipe . I thought by it being a `` massager , '' that it would actually affect the way it cleans , as in helping to exfoliate my skin . But all it does is vibrate . There is ABSOLUTELY no need for that . It has no affect on the cleansing ability .
 I essentially love all Dove products , but I was very surprised that I did n't care for this . My biggest problem is the way the thing vibrates while holding it -LRB- I know that sounds odd since it 's supposed to do that -RRB- . I just feel it vibrates excessively and it ends up tickling my hands and my face -- I even feel the vibration in my jaw as I 'm scrubbing my face and it bugs me enough that I ca n't use it anymore . So , instead I just do n't turn it on .
 I purchased the Dove Skin Vitalizer on 2/16/09 at Shop Rite for $ 10.99 . This product does not do anything for your shin and it is a waste of money and time . When I went to return it to Shop Rite on 2/23/09 , they informed me that the manufacture will not give them credit therefore they can not take it back . Well , Dove , I will not take it for free at this point.And the ONE star is me being kind .
 I returned this right after opening it . Not very solidly built .
 I 'm not impressed with this soap at all . Does n't remove make up , leaves skin dry and clogged . Did n't notice any difference in acne improvement either .
 It always amazes me that an unnecessary ingredient such as fragrance is added to skin care products . Fragrance has been proven to be an irritant to many people with sensitive skin .
 i suffer from mild adult acne and decided to give this a shot after reading reviews here and on other sites . big mistake . my pimples are typically small and rarely are they painful and deep . within a week and a half i developed a cluster of deep , painful zits . weird , i thought , but did n't chalk it up to the soap . after another week of use i broke out in another set of deep , painful pimples on another area of my face . after that , i quit using immediately . the smell did n't bother me , but the massive zits did .
 We did not have good luck with this product . My skin -LRB- 46 -RRB- was not bad at all but I thought the product would be good for my skin . I actually broke out and I usually have no blemishes . My daughter -LRB- 15 -RRB- does break out and had several new break outs as soon as she started using the product . We will not be using this item .
 Starting to go gray . Thought i would try this on the grays that are popping up in the front . It was gunky and it did n't look that good . I like the lipstick one much better and have been using that one with great success . Do n't buy this one . It 's not worth it - try the lipstick version .
 Not the best product . I almost sent it back but it was n't worth the postage . Coverage was limited at best , and the product was sticky in consistency .
 The mirror was unglued from the backing when I took it out of the package . I glued it together with Liquid Nails . It held nicely but was messy . The mirror fell from the tiled shower wall and broke in less than 24 hours from when I installed it . I can now see my many shower mirror are plastic . This mirror is too heavy to to be held by the suction cups and glass is dangerous in the shower as it will certainly shatter .
 Good price and arrived quickly , like most Amazon orders . However , the product looks like it has been used and repaired before , with moisture behind the mirror and scuffing along the frame . It is way too heavy to hold up during a makeup application , too large to store easily , and I 'm afraid to just stick it to the main mirror after reading the comments about shattered glass in the bathroom . It also distorts around the edges , unlike the 6 '' mirror that I was trying to replace.All in all , a disappointment that 's probably too much trouble/expense to return .
 Mirror fell off the backing during the first week . Can still use it but afraid it will fall apart and break withuse .
 Very poor quality . Distortion is so bad I could not use the mirror and returned it .
 Immediately after installing the Jerdon First Class 5X Suction Mirror to the tiled wall of my bath , the glass mirror fell out of the plastic housing and shattered in my bathtub . Luckily , I was not seriously injured , but the impact caused a very deep and wide cut on the surface of the tub . I am waiting to hear back from Jerdon Products as to how they plan to remedy my situation .
 Having left a mirror that I loved in a hotel I 've been searching for another . I like that this mirror is big and that it has 3 suction cups so it does n't flop down like another I tried but the image is distorted . I thought maybe I had selected the wrong magnification so I went to a local store to try out different magnifications to see what I needed and the 5x does the trick . Evidently it 's just a problem with the mirror .
 Do not buy these , I bought 2 and used the suction cups to put them on 2 showers . By the time I got home a few hours later they both fell off the shower tile and the glass was shattered all over both of my shower floors .
 The mirror fell the first day and broke into a million shards of glass . I had placed it on a tile wall .
 One look into this 5X magnification bathroom mirror told me how poor its quality is . The wavy image of my face looking back reminded me of a funhouse mirror . Price-wise , this is a very cheap mirror , especially for its large size , but the cheapness of its glass makes it a very poor purchase , indeed .
 Buyers please stay away from this product . It does n't brighten your skin and does n't fade dark spots . Terrible terrible . I learned my lesson
 Just rinsed it off . Dark spots are still there , and the parts of my skin that are n't peeling look like all the color got sucked out .
 I applied it to my face and neck and it literally felt like I was applying cement to my face , worst -- does n't even work .
 I ordered this and got a cream instead . Then they tried to keep my money after I returned it . I did get my money back but it was very annoying
 This product does n't hold near as well as the stuff you can buy for half the price at the drug store . It smells like alcohol and burns your eyes until it 's dry , and the brush gets all bent up after one or two uses . Great idea , but not a good product at all .
 I originally bought this a few years ago and loved it so I ordered more . Fo rsome reason the new ones I ordered do n't hold my hair dryer in place . They keep on slipping out . At first , I thought one of the diffuser was defective , but quickly realized that they are all like that . I have to hold it in for a minute or so while the dryer is on so the hot air expands it . At that point , it stays on for a few minutes , then slips out again . Too bad because I like the design of where the air flows out ; it helps dry the hair faster than the other type of diffusers .
 Can not review the actual item as it did not fit the blowdryer I bought it to use with . The seller has made a return extremely difficult and after several weeks , I am still working on returning it for a refund .
 I have been using this product for the past couple of weeks , I see no changes on my facial . I 'm not happy with this product . =-LRB- If i have a choice I will not even GRADE IT AT ALL ! Not to be mean but I purchase this item at a mall where I live at . I also purchase the Heel cream to moisturize my feet -LRB- also heel -RRB- but it does not work at all .
 The thing just felt and looked cheap and flimsy . I know they provide the dimensions , but I did n't take the time to measure so the arm also was shorter than what I was expecting . Wifey also hated it . Returned .
 Ordered the mirrors in mid July for my daughter 's birthday on July 29 . They shipped in time to be here by then . The shipper -LRB- DHL -RRB- said they could n't deliver . They shipped them back to shipper . Called Amazon . They shipped them again . Same thing . Got to post office . DHL shipped them back to sender . May be nice lamps , but I 'll never know .
 This product is very poorly designed . When I tried to pivot the mirror at the center hinge , it snapped and a metal piece flew into the air nearly breaking my toilet.It looks like adjustment bolt at the center hinge was &#34; frozen &#34; and simply get broke when I pivoted mirror around it . The spring inside of hinge &#34; catapulted &#34; it with significant energy . This is very dangerous design.Considering overall good reviews , I decided to give product the second chance , but be careful this time and make sure that all adjustment bolt are &#34; movable &#34; before trying to pivot mirror.The replacement worked fine , but had missing screws . Ok . I took them from the first mirror.The last problem I experienced is vertical adjustment during installation . The base has both , round and oval holes for screws , but both oval holes are vertical , so you have very limited ability to adjust base to make it vertical .
 I 've had this mirror for 6 months now and I hate it . It does the job , but the hinges were poorly designed so the mirror is difficult to move . At my last place I bought the `` Wall Mount Scissors Extension Arm 5X Magnifying Mirror '' which I liked MUCH better .
 I was excited to find this product because it was exactly what I had been looking for . My husband installed it for me , and when I tried to extend the arm , the whole bracket moved because the mounting bracket bolts are too long for the nut to securely anchor the product . OK , so nothing a few washer ca n't fix , although it is a hassle to have to take it off again and search for suitable washers to fix an engineering problem with the product . So , that fixed I try again . First to take off the factory stickers and clean the mirror . Well , under one of the stickers is a LARGE , DEEP scratch in the mirror . Too frustrated now to take the thing down to ship back , I will leave it up but am very dissatisfied with the purchase . I only gave it two stars because it IS what I wanted . Just not the quality I expected .
 I finally got around to mounting this . I am not happy . First the wall anchors that come with it . I 've never seen any like it . They spin in the wall . I finally got it up and it was crooked . I even had plumbed it with a level but it was way off . took it down to plumb it more carefully , but made the hole to close to the other one and drywall failed . I moved it over a bit . Now I have 2 holes to patch . Mounted it again with the level and it still came out crooked . Then I noticed the holes in the mounting plate are crooked . It is pretty obvious . Check to see if your holes are level before you mount it . I took to long to get around to installing it . Now my window for complete refund has expired . Can Amazon or Jerdon please send me a good one ?
 I ordered 3 of these mousse shadows in rose , champagne , and lilac . Having previously purchased one 2-3 years ago , I knew what to expect -- a soft , shimmering creme that is natural and does n't cake on the lid or settle into lines . Now that it has been discontinued , its been difficult to find ... so , I picked up several here.What a disappointment ! The rose shadow was separating into solids and liquids . The lilac went on clumpy and rolled up onto little balls on my lid and cheek . The champagne was soft and glowing as it should be.Clearly , these are old products that are hardly worth anything . My advice - see if you ca n't find them at the dollar store . But bypass purchasing them here . I 'm out $ 25 for product worth less than $ 5 .
 This product is mostly golden , not really bronze/tan in color . Mostly makes my face shiny-looking , not tanned . It does apply very smoothly and easily . I would not recommend it for someone looking to add a bit of color .
 One star may seem like a harsh review for this product , but it really is rather cheap . I have some other brushes at home , and they 're very soft , almost velvety , but were getting a little too old for my liking . I decided to order this because of the price and the reviews , but the thistles -LRB- if that 's what they 're called -RRB- are very plastic-y to me . I 'm afraid that using this brush would just cause more tiny , microscopic cuts on my face that would open up my skin and make it vulnerable to even more bacteria . The brush is made in China and looks like something I could have bought at an Asian market for $ 2 . I wo n't be returning it , since they do n't cover shipping for non-defected items . Not recommended : -LRB-
 I bought this brush to save money . I have oily skin that feels dry despite it . I used to buy Shiseido facial brushes along with their products but find them too expensive nowadays . I was hoping this would work similarly but it does n't . The Shiseido brush was extremely gently with a very fine comb . It was impossibly to feel the brush go into the pores , I just felt the foam gently washing my face but it would leave my pores perfectly clean . This brush feel a little rough , the bristles are less dense and does n't clean as well so the search continues .
 Pleased with results but part with bristles broke in half after less than 2 weeks use . I will not take a chance and buy this product again .
 I have used this type of brush for years it was fine soft brissels but with in 30 days the brissels were all matted down and is very close to useless at this point .
 I got a vial of this as a Xmas gift a few years back . I personally dislike the smell , it makes me nauseous , and I mean that not just saying it to further degrade the product . If you 're looking for a men 's fragrance by Claiborne , try Mambo instead .
 This is my very first review in Amazon , which I am doing from now on for any products I purchase here at Amazon , because I think it would really help people out :-RRB- The reviews helped me so I think mine would do the same for others.This soap works a little bit . During my time using it , I have n't gotten noticeably lighter than me normal skin tone - which is sand beige or medium light -_- Previously , I used likas papaya soap . It 's an orange soap and it is a popular item in the Philippines . That now is reallllly GOOD and works wonders so if you want to get lighter , stray away from THIS product and search for the other one I just mentioned.Good luck : -RRB-
 This soap was n't too spectacular . It smells kind of like cinnamon or something , and I have n't noticed any skin lightening . Biggest problem ? DO NOT USE ON FACE . I 've always had great flawless skin , and after one use of this soap my face broke out in the worst way it ever has before . I 'm not sure I 'd recommend this to anybody .
 I 'm guessing it must take a while to work , cause i was using it for a month and nothing happened . It just made my face really DRY ... but everyone is different so it might work for someone else .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 I have been using different gels , trying to find one that I liked . I was shopping at the cheaper end of Walmart and Target , but those did n't hold very long . However , among the cheap ones , LA Looks is the absolutely worst . Not only does it not last long , it is very , very flaky . When it comes to gel , it is worth paying the extra few dollars and getting a better one . I am using Fructis now , which costs about two dollars more for about half the amount , but it is absolutely worth it .
 I follow the Curly Girl method -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- & Curly Girl
 after maybe 5 or 6 hours , the gel turn into flakes , and there are lots of flake on your hair . It like it snows outside . It does hold firm though , if it does n't have the flake problem it would be great .
 not that good does n't stay up just save your self the money and get moca de gorila hair gel or gorila snot funny name but best affordable hair gel on the market
 Are you kidding me with this price ? It 's $ 3.79 at Stop and Shop and $ 3.19 at my local Echo Store .
 I absolutely HATE this gel ! LA Looks gels are VERY FLAKY and do not hold well . I am in the military and have to use hair gel every day to put my hair in a slicked back bun . This gel dries out my hair and is much more flaky than any other gel I have used . If you are looking for a good styling gel , ECO Styler Krystal is amazing !
 I will admit this gel gives the best hold for my natural botticelli curls , especially in this humid climate I live in . HOWEVER after the gel has dried it turns into white flakes . The flakes are very obvious and big ... it comes across as dandruff ! For those people that have black colored hair -LRB- mine is jet black and never been any other color -RRB- , the white flakes are more obvious and can even give the effect of my hair looking gray ! I am 30 years old , so no natural gray hair yet . I am now using L.A. Looks Nutra-Curl even though the hold is not as good as this one .
 i put it on once and in a few hours later it was gone and flaky , its going back to rite aid , dont even try to by this junk . .
 This gel is horrible . It left me with white specs all over my hair . It looked like I had a bad case of dandruff -LRB- which I do n't -RRB- . What good is the hold if it makes you look like this . Although it is very cheap , you get what you pay for .
 It does n't keep it 's hold for very long . Would never buy again . No wonder it 's so cheap !
 Bought this for my wife , had it for about 6 months , the bulbs burned out and I looked everywhere to fine replacements and none . . had trouble with the stand staying screwed tight . If I could fine the bulbs , I would probabley give it a 4 star ... but with no light it is n't much good . .
 I had read all the reviews before ordering this product , so maybe I should have thought about it twice . As the reviews mention , the light around the mirror is virtually non-existent - in fact , you wo n't notice the light is on unless the room is totally dark ! I thought that maybe the people who wrote those reviews were expecting salon-level light and I thought I 'd be fine with just a reasonable amount of light , but this mirror is virtually no different from my old one , which did not have a light.I should mention that it is sturdy and the magnification is quite good , so I 'm torn between wanting to keep it and being so frustrated with the fact that it has no lighting to speak of . In the end , I will have to return it as it does not serve the purpose of a lighted table mirror . If lighting is not important to you , you will likely have no issues with this mirror .
 beautiful design , but of no use if you need it to also provide light , because the 15 watt bulb provides minimal light -- and the manufacturer says you can not replace with higher watts .
 This mirror LOOKS fabulous !!! But the light is not bright enough to `` see '' by and the magnification is just ok.I had tried a 5x and it was not strong enough , apparently a 6x is n't either . It 's tough to see up close as you get older : -RRB- I think , for those over forty with close-up vision problems , you 'd be happier with a 10x mirror.Still , if close up is not an issue for you , this is a great purchase . You just might want to replace the bulb for something brighter .
 The finish we wanted was to be polished brass but it was a dull color and the material was not polished brass . We appreciated your cooperative adjustment on our order .
 Nice looking but regretably the light was so weak that just a plain magnifying mirror would do just as good a job . Returned it the next day .
 product looks good but is non-functional . The lighting is ridiculously low power . You may as well wait for the sun to come up .
 Unfortunately , the light on this mirror did not work and was returned to the seller who did not have a replacement . It was a Christmas gift for our mother and I 'm now shopping for another lighted mirror . Will look at other Jerdon mirrors as they seem to have good ratings and evaluations .
 I love Facial Fuel , it 's an excellent moisturizer and I 've been using it for years
 This lotion is fantastic , but if you buy it you 're getting ripped off.Why?It is the identical lotion as L'Oreal Men 's Expert Hydra-Energetic Anti-Stress & Fatigue All-In-One Moisturizer , which costs a fraction of the price.LOREAL Mens Expert SPF-15 Hydra-Energetic , Anti-Stress & Fatigue All-in-one Moisturizer - 1.6 OzL ` Oreal owns Keihls.I have both products in front of me , and they are chemically identical , and look and smell exactly the same in my hand .
 I love Kiehls and this is NOTHING about he product , but in fact about the retailer.You can buy the same product direct from Kiehls for $ 21 !! or the larger one for $ 30DON ' T BUY HERE ...
 I tried this and the MenScience Advanced Face Lotion . This one has a nice scent , but it 's got a much greasier feel than the MenScience . I 'd recommend that brand over this one .
 Dont buy this 35 $ for .5 oz with shipping wow never felt more ripped off in my life ? Guess I should have read item discription better
 Read this advertisement well . It 's very expensive to purchase and is cheaper on Nordstroms website for a larger quantity . Also not as advertised . I received the UV SPF cream . Not what I wanted .
 The first time I turned it on , it started smoking and it burned up . I never got to use it . Total waste of money . I have had this brand before and they have been fine but not this one .
 Used this hot air brush for four months and it died ! That was n't even using it every day -- maybe once a week . I 've had others like this that have worked very well , but this particular product did not last !
 This product is just okay . I had hoped to get one like my hair dresser with the firm bristles , this one does not have the firm bristles like I expected ; the bristles are too soft so they do n't really hold the hair when you are styling , you have to wrap and hold yourself . I was disappointed and would not recommend it.Update
 My daughter has this product and it has worked well for her . I loved it until it died . I read the other reviews and still bought it thinking the purchasers did something to cause the machine to fail . I wish I knew what that was , because it happened to me too and now I must go through the aggravation of returning it .
 Ordered my hot air bush in August and it burned out last night . Really bummed because it worked so well and seemed well made , bummer .
 I 've only had this product for about two months and it 's dangerous . After the last use , it started to smell like something inside was burning . The handle got really hot so I unplugged it immediately . I 've owned other Hot Tools products in the past , which only last about 6 months tops -- But they just die , they 've never smelled like a burning fire.This item should be recalled as it could potentially prove fatal .
 I was hoping this would work well and last a long time . It did work great for about 2 months - then the unit started getting hotter and hotter and started scorching my hair . I still used it but had to run it on low , and let it cool down every few minutes . Within another month or so it stopped working - overheated and `` fryed '' . -LRB- No fire but Extremely HOT . Good thing I was in the room or I 'm sure there would have been flames eventually . -RRB- I believe this device is poorly made and Dangerous !
 A few days after the sellers guarantee and the A-Z Guarantee ran out -LRB- 30 days -RRB- . The heating element stopped working , unfortunately I had no recourse to anyone . All I can say is keep EVERYTHING relating to the purchase so that you can contact the interested parties IMMEDIATELY should the item fail as mine did . I thought I liked the product , however by the time I located the paperwork I was past the guarantee period and now I have no Hot Air Brush and I am out $ 30 , which included a $ 10.96 shiping charge . If I was willing to spend another $ 20 in shipping costs , the seller said they would send me another of the $ 20 item . My math tells me that the $ 20 item would end up costing me $ 50 . At that price , I have to say it was not worth it . I 'll look for another company 's dryer that may be more reliable .
 I bought this about 2 months ago and LOVED it until yesterday when it just died ... I thought-maybe overheated so I waited a bit ... tried again-nada ... I had to go to work with funky hair because I could n't dry my bangs ... so DO NOT buy this product -LRB- I did n't order it from amazon.com -RRB- I got it at Target-I went back last night to see if they had another one but apparently it was pulled off the shelf-good riddance !
 I love this hair dryer . I had one that lasted for 4 years and when it broke I decided to go with the same dryer.I was eager to receive my hot air brush in the mail . However , I received the Hot Air Brush not in it 's original box . It was in a plastic sleeve instead . I pulled the brush out of the sleeve to find it had hair in the brush . This product had obviously been used . This is absolutely disgusting and I do not recommend buying from this seller .
 This product was good , while it worked . Unfortunately for me , its motor burned out in 3 weeks ! Probably a good thing , being that it is defective , that the motor burned out right away and I could get my purchase price refunded without any hassle . I probably will not buy anything from this manufacturer again . Thanks , amazon , for processing my refund right away .
 My friend has one of these hot air brushes , and I loved it , so I got one just like it . It worked great for a few weeks . Then one day , it sputtered and got really hot and stopped working . What a shame . I am returning it . I wanted a replacement , but was informed by Amazon that I could only get a refund , not an exchange . So now I have to go through the ordering process again , too . Just inconvenient . I will order a replacement and hope I have better luck . My friend has had hers for years and it still works , so perhaps I just got a bad one .
 I have had two of these and both motors burned out in a fairly short period of time . The first one lasted longer than the second one but neither made it through a year . I like the concept so I found the same thing in a Revlon product that works just as well and does n't have the same issue with the motor . If they would fix the problem with the motor overheating , it would be a great product . But as of now , I wo n't be purchasing any more Hot Tools products .
 It has good heat , but the whole thing seems like any moment its going to stop working . I think my hair is to long for it and I have shoulder length , maybe shorter hair would work better . overall just disappointed in the quality would not buy this item again .
 The Hot Tools HT1074 Anti-Static Ionic Hot Air Brush hot air brush dried my hair quickly -LRB- I have long , thick hair -RRB- , shiny and straight , however it is very poorly made . I have bought five of them . Each new one heated up quickly and dried my long , thick hair in about 15 minutes , unfortunately in a few months the motor burned out . Before the motor burned out there was a burning burning odor -LRB- it 's probably an electrical hazard too -RRB- , then it overheated a few times and stopped working . I would turn it off and it will start again , until it did n't . It seems that the last two did n't last as long as the first two I bought . I actually started buying two at a time so I would have a backup . So sadly , I had to switch brands . I do n't like the new brand as much , Frieda , because it does n't heat up quickly or dry my hair as fast or as well , but at least it is still working . No I did n't return them -LRB- too much trouble -RRB- , I just tossed them .
 This is my second . The first lasted only one year , but I liked the results and the end is bigger than the original Hot Tools so I did n't burn my fingers . I bought a second and had only used it for two months when the motor burned out complete with a hot handle , glowing innards , and stinky smoke . A real fire hazard . I wo n't be purchasing another Hot Tools .
 I love the other Hot Tools hair products . -LRB- Mainly because of their great electric cords that do n't ` snarl ' up -RRB- I loved this one , it worked really great . Unfortunately after only 2 months and a dozen uses , it burned out !!
 Like TeaKayPea , I found this brush to be great on my hair , but faulty overall . It handled my thick , wavy hair without a single snag . And I was thrilled -- for all of three minutes . Then it burnt out and despite my best efforts to revive it -LRB- letting it cool , reseting the plug , etc. -RRB- it never worked again . Do n't waste your money.UPDATE
 This product broke after not even a full week of use . I was VERY disappointed and would not purchase this again .
 I purchased this item in September , only to have it burn up in less than 4 months . I used the hot air brush only occasionally , perhaps 2 times a week . It did a nice job styling my hair , and I think the anti-static ionic feature made a difference . Unfortunately , the motor never ran an even speed . The second to last time I used it , I thought I smelled smoke . The last time I used it , I definitely saw smoke . That was enough for me to throw the item in the trash . As a result , I just ca n't recommend this item.For a period of over twenty years , I had 2 different hot air brushes from Conair . Unfortunately Conair no longer makes the model that I used . I took a chance on this Hot Tools item as a replacement , but this Hot Tools product was more expensive AND failed in 4 months.This was my first time with a Hot Tools product . It also was my last.I just purchased a different Conair product . At least I know it will last .
 When I turned on this product for the very first time , the motor started smoking . I turned it off and back on again -LRB- thinking the smoke may have been from something stuck near the motor that just burned -RRB- - the smoke was terrible and the motor was very , very hot . I 'm afraid that if I 'd have left it on any longer , it would have burst into flames . Buyer beware ! -LRB- I purchased this hot iron from Ulta , not Amazon.com -RRB- .
 So disappointing . I loved using this , but the motor burned out in a month . I used it 3-4 days a week for about 5 minutes each time , so the quality is very poor.I should have paid more attention to all the other reviews that also mention how the motor burns out very quickly .
 I too have fine , thin hair and this product worked well for a COUPLE MONTHS AT THE LONGEST ! I kept purchasing this product even after they WOULD burn out because I could n't find another appliance that got as hot or seemed to work comparably . I 've just returned my sixth one - this one I 've had less than one month ! I have shorter , fine hair as mentioned earlier . I use this hair appliance once in the morning for a few minutes on semi-damp , sometimes dry hair . I do n't believe this product has burned out from excessive use - just a poorly made product . I 've now found another brand that works as well , if not better . Plus , the motor is not as loud so I wo n't have to chose between curled hair and future deafness . I thought it was just my bad luck , however , after checking all the reviews on line - I see this has been an ONGOING problem with this product . The manufacturer obviously does not seem to care about customer satisfaction ...
 I should have listened to the other reviews and purchased the original Hot Tools Curling Brush -LRB- i had one of those for two years and i dropped and broke it -RRB- ... when i saw this one had a Cold Shot button , i was thrilled and decided that it was just a coincidence all those other units burnt out so quickly . Not so . I used it about 3 or 4 days a week , to style my hair after drying it with an average drier , and sure enough , one day it made a sad little noise and started smoking ... totally on the fritz . Do n't waste your money , listen to the reviews , or be prepared to buy another one in about 6 months . : - -LRB-
 Sadly , ten uses and it over heated . The plastic section of the handle became extremely hot and tripped the circuit . No reviving this thing . When it worked ... it was fabulous , but certainly not worth the danger .
 I have owned two Hot Tools hot air brushes in the last 5 years , same model . My first one seemed to have gotten a short in it so I had to stop using it because it would stop . I thought I would try another one to see if this one pooping out was a fluke . I have used my second one even less and it did n't last half the time as the other one before doing the same thing . Poor quality which is highly disappointing from Hot Tools . Customer service is weak in that the warranty is n't long at all and then you have to pay to have it fixed and shipped back . Love the brush otherwise . Just not worth your money since it is short lived .
 This product adds volume to short thin hair and dries it quickly . Unfortunately the motor died after on 2 months of use .
 I 've had this for a few months now . . when i first got it I was really impressed with it even though the brush falls off easily . . now I get frustrated because the brush falls off so easily . It 's loud but it 's the same as a loud blowdryer . I have to hold the brush while i 'm using it & it burns my hand sometimes . I hate that i have to do extra work in the morning to use it . If I have time then it 's good , it smooths my hair down & looks really good ... but since I do n't have time to mess around with it in the morning before work it 's not that great . I thought it would be a good alternative to the instyler . . but it 's not . . it 's just ok . . for weekend use only !
 Liked it at first , heating unit starting getting `` extra '' hot withing two months . Too hot for hair , started `` frying it '' . Unit burned completely out less than 6 months . Will not purchase this brand again .
 I love using this product and have had several because I ca n't find a similar product that works as well , but it 's so badly made , it is probably a fire hazard . The motor on my last one lasted 8 months , and when it went it flamed and shocked me when I touched the end of the unit near where the cord comes out . You can prolong the motor 's life by drying your hair with a hair dryer , and then just using this for styling afterward . It 's still the fastest easiest thing to use to style . I need to stop buying them and will look for something else .
 I have been using this product for years ... and it 's great . the low rating goes to the vendor . They packaged the plastic bottles in a bubble envelope instead of a box . When I openned it , it was filed w / liquid from my bottles ! I emailed them . They sent back a dismayed email and indicated they would RESHIP IMMEDIATELY ! It 's been 3 weeks and another email -LRB- unanswered -RRB- and NOTHING . I 'll steer clear of this vendor in the future .
 OMG , someone really thought this carp was a GOOD idea?How can I get this stench off my hands?I washed my hands with it once . Once I tell you.Total migraine.I bring my hands towards my face and I want to puke.How can I get rid of this STENCH ? I 've washed my hands over and overwith other soaps and CAN NOT get this reek off my digits .
 packaging not sealed , dark color , smells old ! stinks ! Coworkers agree ! Can not use !!!! complained to merchant , sent another , not sealed , dark and stinks ... sour and old
 This product took forever to arrive and then I was very disappointed . The smell is off . I have used knowing before that was purchased from department store and this is not the same . Would definitely not recommend this product .
 My girlfriend uses this perfume exclusively , however , this must 've been a bad batch because the scent does n't last long after you leave the house . the liquid itself doesnt even look the same . DO NOT order perfume from these people . $ 70 for a bottle of water .
 I ordered this 2.5 ounce Estee Lauder Knowing and the seller canceled it 3 days or so later ... . If seller do n't have it , why is it still listed ?
 I 'm not sure so do n't quote me on it but , I believe that amazon diluted this product prior to shipment because , the consistency & effectiveness was not as good as buying from a salon . But ! I am not making any claims ... this is just a suspicion.But , I will say other than the mentioned above this product is great but , if you want something better & maybe a little more expensive , I say go w/Biolage .
 I 've worn L'eau D'Issey for Women By Issey Miyake for over 20 years . This product that arrived was NOT L'eau D'Issey . I would never recommend buying this product from this seller ever again .
 If you want to buy this set for the lancet , do n't bother . I thought it was the same as the other one made in Germany , but it 's not . This one is made in Pakistan , the steel quality is very low , and the lancet blade is jagged -LRB- ! -RRB- . It 's not even worth paying the extra money to return it since the original shipment fee you paid is n't reimbursed . This order was a total waste of money .
 The knife part is not sharp enough and the circle end is way too small !!! Nothing compared to what the doctors give you ! Save your money !
 This product is not advertised properly . Its states that it is professional quality . its made in Pakistan . Mine has the hole drilled off center , its covered with a gritty grease or lube/dirt . The lancet has a jagged side with a sharp piece of unfinished steel hanging off of it . I cant see much of anyone using it better yet a professional . Ill see if I can find the time to do a video review so I can actully show what I am talking about . Spend another buck or two and get the tweezerman version .
 It must be used by profesional . Too danger use at home if you do not have practice for this
 the service and shipping turn around time was excellent but the problem is that the instructions included with the product do n't really explain how to use it and i 've tried different ways with no results , i know i 'm not that stupid so either the product it 's a rip-off or you should leave this things to a skin profesional
 This too is a useless tool . It does n't do the job as it claims to do on the products description .
 This product did not work the way I thought it should . Either that or I 'm just not using it properly . Either way , a waste of money .
 Blade is a bit crooked . This tool is hard to use . The tip is not sharp enough to help with much , and is a bit big .
 To Whom It May Concern , We paid for this item and it was never received . We have filed a claim and would appreciate a response.Best Regards ,
 These types of clips pull hair out with them when you take them out . The design has a flaw that does not allow for the release of all strands of hair before removal .
 Not very firm at all . Like the fact that it 's not an aerosole . Fragrance too noticeable for my preference .
 Upon receiving this item I immediatly took it out the box to use . I should have left it there . You get one good use out of it and no more . The attachments does not stay in the tool . If I could find my receipt , I would send it back in a heart-beat . Mad hands in Clinton , Maryland
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 This product was marketed as Body Shop Indian Gardenia but it is nothing like it . I should have known when I saw the image but figured it was cheap enough to give it a try . Not certain if it is Amazon or Sunshine that is responsible for the mistake in marketing .
 Does it 's job , but it came in a package not even in English . Plus , the pads did not have the authentic Shiseido logo , which leads me to believe it was a bootleg version . No where near the performance of the compared shu uemura like it was supposed to be , but it works ok , no pinches at least . Was disappointed .
 This is not the real product , and I would guess it 's a bootleg . I did not open it as I wanted to return it , but the product and packaging are quite different from the one pictured .
 The item I received was inferior and completely overpriced . I returned it immediately . Not even close to what was pictured . This is my first big disappointment with anything from Amazon .
 I do n't know why this curler is considered better than the 1/2 or 1/3-priced other name-brand curlers . I read reviews that it created a more natural curl and that it lasted longer . Not for me ! I 've been curling my eyelashes for many , many years now , and this one does n't impress me . Its only benefit that I see is that its curve is shallower than some other brands , which makes if fit more comfortably over almond-shaped eyes . I 'd save your money and buy rubber replacements with it for your current curler -- I think those are really the key to a decent curl and not losing eyelashes while curling .
 If you look At the ingredients on the label It 's full of chemicals that harm your hair . The silky smooth feeling is just a temporary result of the petroleum which locks out moisture with long term use . I found this article helpful
 I had this lotion on the packaging showing the ad and definitely not sent me what they show in the picture is far from the scent of the lotion . I am so unhappy with what he sent me I decided to dump it .
 I LOVE the smell of patchouli ! Takes me right back to the sixties ! I use it in soaps and oils that I make at home , and thought I would try this as a perfume oil for my body . It smells good when you sniff it , but after being on for a while , smells NOTHING like it did out of the bottle . Mamy reviews for this brand of perfume oil used the word `` stink , '' I 'm afraid I must concur ...
 I bought henna Listed as `` new '' from the India Shop . It came in a clear celophane pkg.Jamila has not sold henna in a clear package in over 4 years . It comes in a mylar sleeve with the date on it . Henna works best when fresh and stored correctly . This is old henna and has little or no staining power . Go to reputable dealer in henna , there not hard to find . Give this one a pass for sure !
 This device worked great for about 4 weeks then the suction failed . I cleaned cone and device . Used 3 to 4 times per week for a total use of 12 to 15 times before it stopped working .
 I bought this product and less than 30 days later it literally just stopped working . I then had to pay for it to go back to Panasonic as it was less than 30 days later . They sent me a replacement product which is basically a really good fan with a little bit of suction . I would send it back again but at this point I am going to spend more returning it then I would have on the product . When I first got it seemed to work really good especially for the clogged pores around my nose . But again if you want to buy a product with a short lifespan this is the one you should get otherwise do n't purchase it .
 I had high hopes of finally being able to unclog the very visible pores on my nose with this product but unfortunately , this wo n't be happening . I read all these reviews and thought I knew where people had gone wrong ... but nope ... this is just a crappy product . * The manual says not to let the suction linger over any area to avoid bruising/hickey ... . This thing does n't have enough suction for that to be an issue . * Upon the second use , the fine mist stopped spraying . I have not been able to get it back going.All in all , the only thing this thing managed to suck up off my face was the loosened , dead skin I scraped up as I pushed the suction cup over my nose . Absolutely worthless .
 Before I bought mine I read the reviews and reading the neg ones I thought to myself ... They probably just did n't use it right ... Well ... . It really does n't work , I did n't e even see any gunk in the cleanser and my black heads and white ones r still in my pores ... Lucky it 's not that expensive but still feel like wasted money
 I bought this with the hopes of actually making a change to my skin . I have very large pores and Biore strips were getting expensive and not to mention , they do n't do the best job . It seemed to sort of work in the beginning but after a while it really just seemed like I had to put pressure on my skin to actually get the cleanser to work , which defeats the purpose of the product entirely .
 Luckily Amazon let me return this piece of junk . Seriously do not even waste your money . I followed the instructions and really had low expectations . This product did n't even meet those expectations . Essentially it just scrapped cells off of my skin by moving it over the skin . I can do that with my fingernail but thanks for trying to charge for it!DO NOT even waste your time or money .
 I had high hopes for this product . Im such a big fan of the laser treatments and pore cleansers that my dermatologist offers so I decided to use this in between sessions . The pore cleanser the dermatologist does is essentially the same idea just suctions the dirt and any blackheads out of your pores . This thing just kinda yanks and tugs on your skin without removing any dirt . I used it for a good couple of weeks trying to get the best results however my skin dosent feel softer or any better than usual . I would suggest if your looking at this product just to skip it . Ill go back to getting my regular treatment at the doctors instead .
 This pore sucker just does not do what it says it does . It generates enough suction to make your skin red if you focus on one are for too long but it will not unplug a plug . Sure , it scrapes off some surface gunk -- that 's it , though.I 've had this `` appliance '' for almost a year . Work at it all you want , do all things some of the other reviewers suggest you do to get some results out of it -- does n't matter . Save your money .
 I brought this product thinking it would suck up and clear the pores on my face and nose area . Boy !!! Am I disappointed !!! I agree with most of the earlier reviewer it does n't do much of anything besides giving you the feel of a light suction on your skin . Which is not enough to suck out any clogged pores . The one I have runs for about a week and the Mist pump stop working . Which make it useless now .
 It will indeed give your face little dark purple marks if you hold it in one place too long , ladies . And you 'll have to use cover up for at least 2-3 days afterwards , which will increase your chances of getting even more blackheads ... So does it work ? After three weeks of using it 2-3 times per week , I 'm not really sure . The suction cup looks like it 's taken in a few blackheads -LRB- ew ! but better there than in my pores ... -RRB- , so it has to be doing something . But when I look at my face , all I can think is that I 'm better off squeezing them with my fingers!Oh , and even though there 's a mister , if you fill it up with hot water , it still comes out cold and closes up your pores . Go figure .
 Do n't waste your money , I tried it several times and it barely worked but when I pinched my skin it released all the stuff in my pores
 I must warn any future buyers . This item simply does not work . I bought this product for my daughter for a holiday gift . When we she went to use it -LRB- after a full charge -RRB- it simply did not work . The suction is no where as strong as it needs to be to remove anything from pores , even those not really clogged . Buyer beware .
 if i had read the reviews of others experience i would not have bought this useless thingit just did n't work . such a small unit does n't seem to have the power or enough suction to suck out blk heads , especially the one caused by serious acne . no matter how long you gon na steam your face , the pore just wo n't open big enough for this thing to obsorb it . you are expecting the blk head leaks out from the pores if you are expecting this product could help you kick out black heads.I do n't recommend this product as it is only an idea , never gon na run into reality
 used it just as directed , but didnt appear to do anything . i know i have little pores , but nothing ??? first time using a product like this , wont be wasting any more money ... . .
 Not enough vacuum power to remove any blackheads . The mister also seemed to stop working after 1 use . Not worth the hassle .
 I purchased a facial steamer along with this to help keep my pores open and face wet while using this product . I used this several times , and with the steamer got my skin hot and wet , but this product does absolutely nothing . As far as other users saying it needs good grip to get the right amount of suction , I had this thing pulling my skin up into the small opening , but nothing cleaned out of my pores . Get a good cleaner , a soft facial brush , and the mud masks -LRB- that you mix from a powder -RRB- to get your pores clean . I did keep my steamer because I loved the way it softens your skin and helps with absorbing lotions . This is garbage .
 I tried it several times right after I got out of the shower . I use the smaller end , and went slowly . It definitely had a good suction , and it felt good , but it did not clean my pores . My pores looked just as clogged after using it , and the vacuum had n't collected any gunk.However , Amazon made it very easy to return . Shipping was free via USPS . All I needed was a printer for the return mail label . Trying it for yourself will only waste your time , not your money . -LRB- I wish Amazon let me give it zero stars . -RRB-
 A cute little device , it just does n't have enough suction to get anything out of my skin .
 This product does not clean your pores out - not at all . If you use it properly , it will only scrape the top layer of your skin off , but you 'll still keep your black heads ... awesome . It also made me break out like crazy ; and I usually do n't break out at all.I ca n't return it so I 'm stuck with this now . Maybe I 'll use it as a paperweight .
 This product does not work . Whomever posted that initial review as to how great is probably works for the company . It has no suction really , and the mist is really a little water dripping out every so often . It 's not at all worth the money , acutally I would n't take it if they were giving it away . Do n't waste your money .
 I gave this item a shot even though it received mixed reviews . It did get some of the junk out of my pores . But probably not in the best way . Basically , it sucks your skin and as you glide it from point A to point B , the cup scraps off the part of the crap sticking out of your skin . So it does n't actually suck it out , just lift it up a bit and then scraps off that part . The rest of it is still stuck in your pore . But a few times I did see that it was able to get the entire thing out . But that was only 'cause I pulled it up away from my face , and it specifically states that you should n't do that . But I found that the suctioning was really painful and it did n't glide as well across my face , with the big suction cup at least . And this made me worry whether it might potentially cause wrinkles in the long run . : / The small suction cup worked better for me . But the battery do n't last long . And it 'll die on me before I can finish . So I plan on returning the item . From reading other reviews , some people were n't satisfied and others were n't . If you have small pores , it might not work best for you . If you have big pores , it 's worth a shot to try it .
 I bought this for my husband specially to use in his noise , but for him it does n't work . It does n't clean anything.For me it cleans something if I `` insist '' many times in a pore .
 Do n't even bother . It does n't clean pores so whats the point of even owning it ??? I returned mine .
 This product is pointless , do n't waste your money . It does n't do anything significant . I tried to return it to get my money back but I was past the return date . Invest in a good pore cleansing scrub or Biore pore strips but do n't waste your money on this !!
 Save the money , because the product does not work at all . I did put some hopes in it , but I would have been better off , if I had done something else at the time I shopped for this product . I could n't believe a brand like Panasonic would event something so bad . But I was wrong .
 I once bought one of these at the dollar tree for a dollar and that worked better than this one : -LRB- I have returned it to Amazon.Waiting on my Revlon stainless steel Blackhead remover .
 Not even close to worked . Gave it to a friend who wanted to try it out . I would have better luck removing dirt by rubbing my face into a pile of mud .
 Do not buy this piece of garbage . It does NOT do what it claims to do . If you want to clean out your pores , you 're better off using your own fingers , biore pore strips , or the tweezerman face tool . The only thing this piece of crap will do is give your face hickeys , not clean your pores or anything beneficial . You 've got to be an idiot to buy it .
 I like many others here were hoping for some miracle of black head free skin . Alas , it seems my elusive search continues . It truly was and exciting day , finally my relief from this horror of skin acne was within my grasp as I opened and charged the device for its first breath . As it charged , my new savior , I took a warm bath and covered my face with how towels thinking of the havoc I soon with bring to the infested colony of sebum who saw fit to claim my nose , forehead and so on.Then came the moment of truth , the steam cleared from my view and I saw facing me this frontier of sin across my reflection . Like so many times before my initial reaction was to look away , and ask god what he had done to my face ? The faint glow of the led light on the extractor caught my eye , calling out to me ready for the work its been made to do . Lifting it to position I remember a short prayer to the gods of beauty asking this to truly be my salvation . Then as the machine hummed it was pressed forth to the scene of the crime and yelled loudly as the air was sucked clean and skin forced upward into its nozzle . Then as my pigment turn red I removed to see what damage had been done , moving closer to the mirror ... closer . Closer yet . Only to see , them . Laughing manically as they had held there ground . This cant be , again I tried . There laughter grew louder . No , surley I can weaken there forces on my forehead . Cheeks ? no ... WHY ... why have you disappointed me so?The next day , bitterly I put the machine to rest in its packaging and sent it home . Maybe my cause is to far lost , maybe . But I put my trust and what little faith I had left in this , now all is lost .
 I 've used this product before and it works well . So I ordered my own here on amazon . That was about a month ago and I still have n't received my product . This is because it had the wrong address on it and was sent back . I checked and the address on my account is right . I could n't find a costumer service number on this website to call so i called ups and they said they shipped it but the address on the package was missing the last digit of my apartment number . Please help . I would like the product reshipped to me since I 've already payed for it.-Hannah Eisenberg
 I use it after my steam facial and fail this cant suction a thing it cant suction a thing is a fail product dont waste your money on this.I bought this cuz the ppl saying is ppl that does n't read the instruction or does n't know how to use it , lame it cant suction a thing = this product is a scam at best !
 I had high hopes for this product . Maybe too high . I make sure I wash my face and get my skin nice and soft before I use it . I do notice a difference in my pores after I have used it . HOWEVER , the results only last about 24 hours . So then I 'm right back where I started . I do n't have the time to do this every single day . What I had hoped for was that I would notice the difference for a few days to a week , not 24 hours.So , when I have an event coming up , or a special occasion , that is when I use this product , to give me a little boost in how my skin looks .
 Nice idea but not very effective . The micro fine mist feature on this product worked for only the first few times I used it . Now even though the product is filled with water , nothing comes out .
 This did n't work for me . It did n't clear a single pore after following the directions and using it in the shower like some others people . Did not have any luck with it .
 I bought it , it pulled a few but guess my pores is too deep . I ended buying in addition a blackhead tool for about 7 $ and it was fabulous .
 I read the reviews before ordering and have been using it for a few weeks . It does pull out sebum somehow , but it mostly collects on the edges of the suction device and it seems like the suction does help in a way , but I have not seen it actually suck out a plug and collect it on the inside screen . Would I pack it when traveling as a must ? I do n't think I would . I 'd probably bring some Biore strips along with me instead and one of those metal extractor thingies and just try my best with that and a mirror.A few weeks later , I have only used this a few times since I first reviewed because I bought the Clarisonic Mia and that has been awesome ! My pores are smaller and I do n't have plugs nearly as big as before . I have tried to use the Panasonic pore cleanser after the clarisonic Mia here but it hardly does a thing - I have found that if I just take a hot shower and use an extracting tool by gently dragging along pores , I can extract a lot more sebum than this thing can . It really barely is picking up anything anymore . Maybe my whiteheads are too small or not formed enough . But anyways , it just has n't been working out enough . For example , if this device is extracting the equivalent of an eighth -LRB- more like a sixteenth -RRB- of a grain of rice of sebum , after a few weeks of using the Clarisonic Mia , hot shower , and basic metal extractor -LRB- or the thing that has the loop on the end -RRB- along face , I am getting out 2 grains of rice of sebum . Sorry if TMI ! I 'm going to see if I can return it .
 I had the original Panasonic Pore Cleanser from several years back & it worked wonders , I loved it & used it so often that it finally went kaput ! So , after some searching I found the new model & I have to say it is a complete disappointment . This piece of trash does n't even come close to its predecessor in overall suction power . I was so excited to use this product that once I received it , knowing that I could n't possibly be disappointed-promptly put the packaging in the recycle bin for pick up that day . What an idiot ! After the first disappointing use I rationalized that it must not have gotten a ` full charge ' , so I charged it for a full uninterrupted 48 hours and it still sucks , or I guess I should say it does n't suck!I know how to properly use this thing , after pores have been opened by steam from your shower , blah ... blah ... blah . I tried charging it in different electrical outlets in my house , using it in the shower , after my shower , after a steam facial , nothing could make this piece of c ** p work . The suction power is abysmal , a complete no-show !
 This may work for some people but it was a waste for me . I took a hot shower and left a warm towel on my skin before trying this and it still did n't work . The suction was there but even after leaving it on one spot for long periods of time , it did n't remove anything . I could see how it could be effective if it had more power .
 Please do not waste your hard earned dollars on this . Find a better product . Unless there are different skin types that this cleanser works better on than others , I will remain convinced I wasted my money .
 Product does nothing to remove blackheads . As other reviews note , the suction cup is too large . It did nothing for my skin besides irritate it . Save your money , do n't buy .
 DOES NOT WORK ! It did not get out any of my blackheads and I have some big pores , I even tried using it after a shower in a steamy room . There was almost no residue inside the suction cup . Product is a dud !
 I thought this would be a cool product to create a spa-like feeling at home ... I have n't used the mister , but I bought the Conair steamer that was suggested . The suction is strong and actually works , but only around my nose . I would rather use Biore strips than have this product taking up space in my house . All-in-all , I could do without it !
 I followed instructions = No Results , I got creative and steamed my face for a much longer time = No ResultsThis has very weak suction , and the only thing it will suck up is a couple of dead skin cells.PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY , DO N'T BOTHER WITH THIS PRODUCT .
 This Pore Cleanser did not work at all for me . I even used it right after taking a hot shower . I do n't know how some of the other reviewers were getting good results , perhaps it depends on the characteristics of your skin . I definitely cast my lot with the camp that claims this product is a dud . It seemed like the suction was pretty weak anyway -- too weak to do the work that good ole finger pressure accomplishes . Anyway , for what it 's worth , I say do n't buy this Pore Cleanser .
 I 'm astonished when I hear that somebody has actually has successfully used this product.It 's my second purchase of a similar product and they simply do n't work . I returned it after trying to get rid of my blackheads and make a smoother skin on my nose ... If you 're really concerned about your face , forget these so called short-cuts . Facial is the only thing that 'll actually help .
 Completely pointless to buy . It does not work whatsoever and it will cause you many problems . My capillaries broke and I had this big part of my face all black from blood underneath the skin . And I kept it only few seconds on my face . The skin hurts afterwards . Crappy product . I am going to return the damn thing .
 I bought this product a few months ago , hoping it would loosen the extra sebum stored in my pores , particularly my nose and T-zone . The product looked very convincing and I liked the idea.I tried it and it hardly removed/loosened the extra sebum in my pores . I even used it after I steamed my face and right after I got out the shower.Hardly sucked much at all . A negligible amount of sebum was removed , not even as affective as using my fingers wrapped around tissue to push the extra gunk out.I have dry/combo skin , so probably that might have been a factor to not attaining a fabulous result but the box clearly states it is suitable for all skin types.I would n't waste your money on this . . The suction does not suck . -LRB- No pun intended -RRB-
 Do n't know what I was thinking . I had read other reviews , but went ahead and bought it anyway . Now it just sits in its craddle . I tryed using it a few times , really did nothing for me . I should have taken the advice that was posted on other reviews .
 I recived this product about a year ago and I have yet to fall in like with it . The suction is not strong enough , the mist is mimal , your better off using your fingers to unclog your pores then count on this !
 I have had this product for about a year now . And it worked great until about 6 months ago . The part of the pore cleaner that sprays a mist of water quit working . It didnot come with very good instructions or very good tools for cleaning the product . It still works but not as well . I wouldnt recommend buying this product . Sorry .
 This product does not work at all . If something seems to good to be true , it usually is .
 I thought this was a great idea in theory , but it just did n't work at all . It did not remove anything from my skin . I steamed and rinsed with hot water beforehand to no effect . Very Sad .
 This thing is absolutely WORTHLESS . My pores are HUGE and I can get over a hundred pore plugs with a Biore strip . I may have cleaned one pore after 5 minutes of trying with this piece of junk . I returned it . I have no clue why anybody is reviewing this as good . Do yourself a favor and wash your face REGULARLY and use a Biore strip when things get bad .
 Despite following the many helpful user reviews from people who felt this product worked well for them I am still completely unsatisfied . I 've steamed my face , washed it with cleanser , kept the surface moist and all I get with this pathetic little sucker is a little dead skin off the surface . It does NOT extract any blackhead NOR does it have any effect on a whitehead no matter the size . The suction is simply too weak on too large of an area even when using the small tip . Please , save your money .
 The suction power is not strong enough to remove any blackheads . I barely feel the suction on my face , and did n't notice any difference after use .
 After reading all the reviews I decided to give this product a try . Used it immediately after a shower , and it really does NOT work very well . The suction is minimal and it does n't remove blackheads . I does scrape off a little of the dead skin ... but that 's about all . I seldom return a product , but after a half dozen uses I boxed it up and sent it back . Do n't waste your time/money .
 within 2 weeks of my purchase this item stopped working . contacted customer service and was SOL since i had disposed of the box already
 I came across this and it sounded like it would be perfect for getting some annoying blackheads out and making my pores look smaller . Maybe I had too high of expectations , but this product sucked . I have pretty nice skin from the start but this did n't seem to do anything but squirt water on my face . This has already made its way into the Goodwill donation pile . I 'm glad I did n't spend more on it , but hey , at the very least , the suction does feel kind of cool and more relaxing than anything . It might work for you , but do n't spend much money on it .
 First of all , on a positive note , let me just say , that Amazon makes it SO easy to make returns now.They gave me my money back right away and even sent a UPS driver with a return label in hand , to my house , to pick up the package for return , now THAT is service!So I love Amazon and will always buy from them.The product , however , is disappointing . I followed the instructions that the customers who like the product left . I tried this pore cleanser in the steamy shower , in the steamy bathroom , I tried it once after I properly steamed my face with a product which does that.I tried both sides , and while I did get a proper suction 98 % of the time , I got ZERO results.There was never ANYTHING , and I mean nothing in the suction cups -LRB- or whatever you want to call them -RRB- . I should note that I take good care of my skin , I have suffered with enlarged pores for years , and was hoping that this would help get the black sebum out of them , or at least open them up more.All I noticed was red irritated skin from the suction . Nothing whatsoever was removed or sucked out.I had a few black heads , and always have MANY enlarged pores all over my nose , spreading to my cheek area , my forehead and chin.I use a cleanser , toner , moisturizer , facil polish -LRB- scrub -RRB- and a rose clay mask.Maybe that is why this product didn ' work for me , becuse I keep my facevery very clean . And for some reason all of those clogged pores on my face will justNOT budge.I have had some luck with Biore pore strips , though nothing outstanding.And the best results I have had is with Microdermabrasion , which is a spa service and veryexpensive . So I guess I got my hopes up , that this might help.But it does n't . Perhaps for people who do n't spend much time using skin care products on a regular basis , it helps . But if you are like me , and use proper facial care techniques morning and night , and plenty of excellent products . -LRB- I use MD Formulations and it does help -RRB- . I hate to tell you that you will probably not see any results .
 The idea of vacuuming out sebum from pores has been around forever . Same concept is used at some expensive spas and my ex had an extremely expensive home ` este ' machine that was supposed to do the same thing -LRB- along with a couple other things -RRB- . I have no idea about spa treatments but I imagine they use a much stronger , more focused vacuum . This thing works about as well as that beast of a compressor she kept boxed up in the closet for 5 years before dumping it.Anyway this is my experience with the Panny EH2511A . I 've got larger pores and excess sebum in the nose , chin and area between the eyebrows . I 'm probably guilty of eating too much cheese and protein is what causes it and my T-zone . Ok ok , not a metrosexual but my ex was the highest maintenance woman you could possibly think of and she hounded me for years to take care of my skin so that 's where I picked up everything . I 've been using pore strips once a week for years along with washing my face twice daily with a good facial soap and non-clogging moisturizer with good results.But seeing this on Amazon and at a decent price brought up visions of no more paying for strips and waiting around for the thing to dry hoping nobody sees me . Also somewhat fascinating in a freakish way was the idea of just zoom zoom zoom vacuuming up all that annoying gunk . I took a long shower , opening up my pores and tried it out . I used the small end and worked around the trouble areas . Filled up the mister and used that . Mister is worthless , even by putting warm water in it . Just having your nose wet does the same thing as what the mister is supposed to achienve -LRB- better seal around the suction cup -RRB- . As other 's point out , it leaves your skin red and irritates it . As far as sucking out the sebum from the pore , it 's worthless . I noticed some stuff in the plastic suction cub to give the illusion that it 's working at least a little bit but it 's doing nothing more than just scraping the surface stuff off with the side of the cup . You can achieve the same results if you have the thing off or just by gently using a fingernail . Simply put , it does n't have enough concentrated suction to actually pull the sebum out of the pore . Tried it again about a week later , same results . Going back to Amazon and feel foolish for believing it might work . It belongs on an infomercial.FYI do n't ever , ever use your finger -LRB- nails -RRB- to pinch your pores . It damages your skin .
 One hopes that later models improve on the prior models . Not here . The old model was bigger and more powerful . This `` new and improved '' was advertised to be better than the old model . That is an out and out lie . It has about half of the suction power of the model it replaces , and just does not function .
 This product did absolutely nothing no matter what I did.Followed the directions to a tee ... still did not work.Maybe I got a defective one.It is still in the bathroom drawer .
 Was used &#34; correctly &#34; and was just a total waste of money . Not worth even your time much less money . BEWARE !!!!!!!
 This is the worst product ever ! I was so excited about trying it to help with my blackheads . I followed the instructions and tried this 3 times , each time thinking maybe this time it will be different . Each time I got hickeys on my face . It was so embarrassing . I had to wear so much cover up to go out in public . I will never use it again .
 honestly , I have a lot of blackheads on my nose . . its starting to really bother me therefore , I purchased this pore cleanser . OK , this product does n't take out my blackheads . It does open up my pore and make it easier for me to use a stainless steel blackhead remover to scrub off my blackheads but this suction does n't remove the blackheads . That is why I think its a total waste of money . Let me suggest you all to take a facial steam for 5-10 minutes and then use a metal -LRB- professional blackhead remover -RRB- and start to scrub off the blackheads . That works much better .
 with the suction it creates you would think it would suck out your blackheads but it did n't for me . It also irritated my skin more I think .
 I purchased this last year after I was delighted to find out that there was a simple -LRB- and cheap -RRB- way get rid of all those annoying clogged pores/black heads on my nose . Little did I know that the Panasonic EH2511A Pore Cleanser with Micro-fine Mist was n't going to work for me . I thought following the instructions , line for line , that came with the product would suffice , but there 's prolly something extra required for me and others to do to get good results . I even tried waiting -LRB- a lot -RRB- longer than recommended to try and get my pores out , but that only made my nose pink and cold -LRB- because of having the mist on the entire time -RRB- . It 's been a while since I tried to use the pore cleanser since I got frustrated this was n't the one stop solution to my clogged pores . Before this I tried Biore Pore Perfect Ultra Deep Cleansing Pore Strips to no avail . I 'll have to keep looking or do more work to keep my skin toned , or at least get rid of those blackheads . . - , - This product does n't work for me , so I give it 's rating a 1 star , w/o considering price . I give it another star for the concept of trying to pull pores out , just that it wasnt strong enough -LRB- however if the suction was too strong , it would probably cause more damage than benefit . . i thinks . -RRB- I have n't written a review for a product before because I was never inclined to , but I realized how often I look for reviews to products that I 'm interested to buy . Now that I feel like writing one a year later , here 's one of the few reviews I 'm going to write , even if it 's too little too late .
 I owned the original model which did n't work well . So I was excited about the new one . I thought the suction would be stronger . Unfortunately , I experienced the same poor results . Other people rated the product highly but I think I have really plugged pores ! I would pay $ 200 + if something would work for me . I wish I could give a review that said `` Great product - works just as claimed ! `` It can remove a few blackheads put but only after hitting the spot several times . I called Panasonic 's customer service department and spoke to a rep but all she could do is read off her product fact sheet.End of review - It 's off topic but I think it 's relevent : If anyone has had any luck with other methods , I would sure love to know about them . Even though I wash my face thoroughly , I still have blackheads around my nose area and just below my eyes . I 'm 55 and I 've been dealing with this problem since I was 18 . I tried strips , astringents , the black head remover tool , etc without any luck.Judging from the reviews , I discovered that there are many other people with the same frustrating problem . Could we start a web blog or something to share tips , methods , etc ? If someone knows how to set it up , it would be great .
 I bought this thinking it would be a solution to just using my fingernails to press blackheads out . However the lack of power is so obvious that even after a long hot shower when blackheads are almost popping themselves out it does n't work . It 's the same as doing nothing . It 's just ridiculous , apparently was never tested on anyone before releasing .
 If I could I would give this product zero stars ! The first time I used this pore cleanser I used steam on my face for 10 minutes in order to open up my pores . Then , I used this pore cleanser right after and it did n't remove anything at all ! I also tried using it after a hot shower and once again it did n't remove anything . I noticed that using it while your face is wet is not a good idea because the water did not allow this device to have any suction on my skin . Therefore , I tried patting my face dry and then using it but although there was more suction it did n't not clean my pores not even a little bit . I really wanted this device to work but it just did n't . It did cause me to get a few pimples on the area around my nose and I also got two brown spots after using it . The reason why I got these brown spots is because I tried leaving this device a little longer on my nose to see if this way it would actually suck something out but all it did was leave these brown marks , which went away after a few days . I have somewhat dry skin so I 'm not sure if this product simply does n't work on anyone or if maybe it only works on people with oily skin . I was so upset with this device I returned it back to Amazon . If you want you can check out a review video I did on this product on my youtube channel . Look me up by my Youtube username which is Lenigirly
 I saw this product being advertised on TV . They were showing the cleanser actually sucking out all the blackheads/sebum/dirt / etc from someone 's pores . I thought it was amazing.I found out that someone I knew already bought the cleanser , and she said that it did n't work at all . I ordered the Panasonic anyway . Big mistake.The vacuum on this thing is way too weak to suck out anything from your pores . All it does is irritate your skin , usually leaving red marks that may last over a week.Don ' t buy this product . It 's a waste of money and time.Some of the reviewers made suggestions on how to use it correctly . I tried , but no luck.One good thing came out of this cleanser though . My brother used it on a pesky pimple on his nose . The Panasonic popped it , and now it 's gone . According to the instructions , you 're not supposed to use this on pimples . I guess he was just lucky .
 This is a totally useless piece of pricy junk . The vacuum is so weak that it will have little or no effect on your skin besides irritating it and making it red.As for removing , i.e. vacuuming up excess skin oil and opening clogged pores , it is a complete joke . No effect whatsoever.Don ' t waste your money on this ineffective infomercial toy.Take a look at the Ansr skin care system -LRB- also from Amazon -RRB- if you want an effective skin cleanser .
 Even when the pours are open -LRB- just out of the shower -RRB- the suction is only enough to leave red marks on the skin . If the Pour cleanser had more focused suction , it might actually clean the pours out .
 I was too embarrased to return this . The mist thing spits out some water at your face . They should call it `` the underpowered face vacuum that spits at your face for being an idiot and buying this machine '' !
 I bought this thinking it would be a good way to routinely clean my facial pores , however the suction isnt ample enough to do a good job . The misting feature does create a better seal with the suction cup tho , and it does make it a little bit easier . Overall I would just suggest a good facial cleanser and cloth or Biore facial strips .
 not so good ... . I give it an C - but it looks good ! not a go to gadget but might help you .
 I should have paid attention to the other reviews that said this does n't work . The suction just is n't powerful enough to clean out your pores . It does n't even get the water drops left by steaming .
 What a waste . Does n't work . i got it for my clogged pores -LRB- little bumps -RRB- and blackheads . DOES N'T WORK AT ALL ON EITHER . its been sitting in my bathroom drawer just taking up space ... very disappointed in this product .
 This product does n't remove my comedones . I have used it several times . It does take some practice to use it correctly . It does have enough suction to pull some comedones up but not out . I tried steaming my face after showering and different products that soften them has n't helped either . I am going to continue to use it hoping eventually it will make a difference .
 I had read reviews before I bought this cleanser , so I thought I would give it a chance . I will have to join the people who said `` no '' to it . I tried it in the shower , after shower ... NOTHING . I think the suction of this cleanser is really weak to do anything . I would n't recommend it . Waste of money .
 You will be better off with a blackhead remover.Revlon Stainless Steel Blackhead Remover . This item just does n't do much on its own . The only way to get anything with it is to use the head just like a cheap blackhead scraper like the one above . In fact , you will get better performance from the blackhead scraper.I do n't know why this thing has positive reviews . My wife tried it too so it 's not just me.The only reason it gets 2 stars is because it 's the first product I 've ever seen with built in induction charging , and for the geek in me , that 's cool .
 I did not like this product . It is not creamy and smooth . Its more harder and hard to spread on to your face . I would not recommend this product .
 I never received the item to this day ... It 's been 5 years . I will never buy from this seller again . I do n't recommend them , since they took my money and did n't provide me with the product I paid for . I would have liked to see what the eyeshadow collection looked like .
 Never got the product , they did not have in stock and to date no credit to my account . Would like my money back please .
 Use - fixing eyeliner mistakesPro 's the shape of the qtip was perfectCon 's the amount of liquid on the qtip was way to much making a small mistake a big mistakeResult - great in theory not so much in practice , bk to using plain old qtips
 I 'm a big mascara buff and was very disappointed with this product . Marketing it as `` Big , Big , Gorgeous Eyes '' leads you to believe that the results would be dramatic . Not so ... . This mascara was just average ... nothing special at all and definitely not worth the inflated price . If you really want big , gorgeous eyes , I recommend Rimmel , L'Oreal 's Voluminous or Lash Out , or Mary Kay 's Signature ... all are wonderful .
 My daughter has brown hair and it didnt take good.She tried many times and got the same result every time
 I have not dyed my hair in months , and all the colors I do are professional quality products and I do them at home myself because of the quality and price . After researching this product and reading the reviews on different hair-care websites , I figured I 'd give this product a shot since I was looking for a more interesting color.I used one box last week - I have a normal hair type with a small wave and long hair and the box coated roots to end . I kept it in about 35 minutes -LRB- follow the box directions if you 've never done your hair before -RRB- and after rinsing it out , my hair was TINTED red , which you could see in the sun , but my hair was NOT red by any means . Did it look awful ? Not really , but it 's not the color I was going for.Some websites suggested using it twice in order to achieve that bright red color that the box shows off , and I did . Nothing . It 's the same as it was last week after I treated it the first time.If you 're someone who colors your hair a few times a year , or do n't have super thin/ridiculously magical hair that somehow takes color to anything you touch to your hair , I would n't suggest this product . If you want a red TINT to your hair , awesome . But unless you have virgin hair and have never colored your hair before , I would NOT use this product.Since I am not a new client of L'oreal coloring products , and I have used their products for years , I called them to see what I could do about the color - if they would suggest other products , but instead I got the response , `` It 's for virgin hair . '' No where on the box does it indicate that this is specifically for never ever treated hair and it wo n't work on people who have colored/processed their hair before.Want a subtle , red tint and have dark brown hair ? Use this . If you want the red hair color that 's on the box , I would n't use this and suggest going to a professional to make sure that you get the color you actually want to achieve .
 I bought this hair dryer having read the wonderful reviews . It took forever to come and then did n't live up to expectation . I was hoping to solve my frizz problem and speed up the drying time , but I did n't think this hair dryer did either . I sent it back and was pretty annoyed that they only refunded me $ 64 of the $ 88 I spent on it . They charged me a `` restocking fee '' and a `` shipping fee '' when I already paid $ 11 to send it back myself . All in all , a lousy deal .
 Did n't do the job I wanted it to do . I have blonde hair and this did n't even lift . I am extremely agitated by this .
 I have paid for it and it still has not arrived . very dissapointing to receive one product without the other
 I 've started forcing myself to look at the companies that make the beauty products I 'm considering purchasing . L'Oreal has funded great research into developing an alternative to animal testing . But it has n't actually stopped animal testing , yet . It 's close . I 'm only writing this review to save someone else time in researching this . I hate having to research cruelty-free hair products .
 This is not that great and over time it stinks . Does not have staying power . Hurry up and use it . Many colognes you buy can last for years , not this .
 I 've been getting my bikini area waxed for some time now by a wonderful lady who sold me this product over a year ago . I bought 2 bottles from her and they both lasted 6-8 months and really worked when used twice a day . i have n't had a chance to schedule another appt with her but i needed a refill on this Prince Reign product . It was $ 60 on their website and the salon had sold it to me for $ 40 . I then found it here for $ 30 and decided to order instead of making the trip to the salon . I just got it in the mail today and it is NOT the same product . The real stuff is a light green -LSB- ... -RSB- and the bottle is sealed . The stuff i got from here is a very dark green color and the top is a screw top . It looks just like the color of my aloe vera bottle and smells the same . It is also very sticky when it dries and the real stuff is not at all sticky and has a very light scent . DO NOT BUY this - it 's just an expensive bottle of aloe vera ... i want my money back and will be trying to return .
 I have tried a variety of ingrown hair products , and this just doesnt stand up.I recommend Clubman Shave Bump Repair Gel instead .
 I used it every day up to 2 times per day until the whole bottle was gone and there was ablsoluteley NO change in the amount of bumps and ingrown hairs . At least it did not sting , and it smelled pretty nice , but that certainly does not make it worth the price ! Very expensive .
 I would have like to have had some listing of ingredients prior to purchasing this item . Once I had it - tried it - did not see any difference . . Reading an ingredient list may have told me this without having to buy it and try it .
 I 'm not sure why they stopped selling Fendi to the retail stores , however it has made it terrible to find and the vendors are not happy either.I ordered Fendi on line with Amazon and when I thought I ordered the EDT mini -LRB- just to try it out and see if they really would send the right thing -RRB- it sent the perfume . Bummer ! I went on line again and it goes to the perfume without you knowing it . Please have them bring back Fendi to the retail stores ! Thank you
 I do want to say that i had no issues with the seller allowing me to return and issuing a refund within a timely manner . I GIVE THE SELLER 5 STARS !!! i was really excited when i found this because my mom is a fan of the original fendi , but me being the dunce that i am , didnt realize that .17 was a sample size , especially considering the price . It smelled perfect and arrived within a few days , but i was completely shocked by the size and price .
 very disappointed in the sender . I am not even sure it 's parfume but rather a very expensive watered down version of the spray . Needless to say I am not a happy camper .
 It 's difficult to get any perfume out of the tiny bottle . Really not worth buying as a gift . I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 this perfume is sample , not for sale . this perfume because fendi is and is rare , some sellers selling it very expensive .
 By the reviews i read -LRB- on anther website -RRB- , i thought that this would deep condition my hair n leave it feeling soft n silky , BUT it did n't . My hair is curly n long , but dry -LRB- I believe my hair is a type 3B -RRB- . When i tried this product it left my hair feeling super dry n rough , I 'm not sure what it is in the product that left it feeling coarse but it definitely did n't work on my hair . However , this is my review , it might work on you .
 I would not use this product again . I got terribly sunburned in spite of applying it well and frequently .
 because of this product . I re-applied frequently and at even intervals . I made sure to put it on as soon as I came out of the water . It says waterproof , but that 's a complete lie . It came off as soon as I touched the water . I figured out later that just normal tap water can take it off . It was completely useless .
 The pumice came off from the wooden handle very quickly after when I used it for 5 times . And the pumice by itself is very `` aggressive '' peeling off the skin which should be peeled off and which is not . Waste of money ! Do not recommend to anyone .
 I was told on many occasions that this product would be perfect for my nails , but it failed to deliver . I believe the true test of the strength of any nail harder is to test on a teacher 's nails for one day or two . My OPI nail color did n't last at all and chipped constantly . OPI needs to test its polish and strengtheners etc. on teachers who subject their hands to chalk etc for 185 days and then determine if their product really works . It was a waste of hard earned money .
 No combustible items in carry on or checked bags . So glad I double checked TSA guidelines . Item I bought it for claimed it was okay . What a fiasco it would have been ! Glad it was easily returned , but still an unnecessary event .
 I was not pleased with this purchase . The picture showed the clear cartridges that fit in my travel case . I could have gotten a better price for what I received , but it was n't what I wanted in the first place .
 Nothing wrong with the quality of these scrunchies ... I just received different colors than shown ?
 I would rate this higher , as I actually really like this shade & product , but I was shipped the wrong purple . Which , not totally y' alls fault since I did n't read the actual bottle label before applying . But it made a huuuge difference in what I was doing . .
 I usually use Manic Panic hair dye , but I heard that Special Effects hair dyes lasted longer so I decided to try it out . Sooo after I put the dye in , rinsed it out , dried my hair , etc. , I was so so happy because this wildflower color is BEAUTIFUL ! Obviously i expected the color to fade a bit over the next few weeks , however , after only three or four days the color was completely out . It was really sad = -LSB- So yeah , to sum everything up - if you only want a really temporary dye , just for a night or something , then I would recommend this dye , cause it is a really , really nice color . But if you want a dye that 'll last more then three days ? look elsewhere .
 I exclusively use OPI but was dissappointed with this one . It clumped and would not go on smooth at all . Finally got disgusted and threw it away .
 I had high expectations seeing that this was one of the most revered eyelash glues out there but this was a huge disappointment . I received it today , and the shipping was so quick -- a week before it was expected . The glue , however , was watery and no matter how long I waited it would not become tacky and adhere properly :-LRB- Other lash glues I 've tried have worked fine , so I think I 'll stick to those brands and not buy this again .
 Great product but postage was very unreasonable . This item weighs 7 grams and is tiny . . how could it cost 8 times the product price !
 A good product since it keeps eyelashes on longer than other glues , however , it somewhat burns upon application .
 I was very excited to receive my eyelash adhesive . However , the glue did not work at all like I expected . It just did n't seem to get tacky enough to keep the lashes properly stuck to my lash line . They kept sliding off and the ends would n't stay on very well . I was told that this is one of the best brands of adhesive out there , but I 'm still not very pleased with my experience . As far as the shipping goes , it was great . Quick and easy !
 Does n't stick and will ruin your false lashes ! Do not purchase . Also , it stinks . I put this on my eyelashes and ruined the pair because it ran . Not only that , it did not even stay on my eye . I even tried a second time thinking maybe it was too thin . Nope . This product is horrible .
 I really like terry lined shower caps . I was hoping these from Goody would be as good or even better than the ones I love from Vermont Country Store . Sad to say they are awful ! Thin & cheap ! There is little to no elastic around the cap & the vinyl fabric is oh ! so ! thin ! Do n't waste your money , , , , Order the terry lined shower caps from The Vermont Country Store !
 I bought these because I was suckered by the `` manly '' marketing . These are no better in quality than a $ 1 pair of pastel shower gloves . Sure , being a guy , I prefer having black gloves , but these are fraying after a couple months and were WAY overpriced.Save your money and buy something cheaper .
 Most men will not find that these gloves fit them ; they are simply too small for a man ; better for a small woman or a girl or boy .
 I paid three times the price for these gloves compared to another pair because they were called `` MenScience '' gloves . I figured if they were for `` Men '' they would be a larger size . Not so . In fact they are smaller than the other pair I bought . These gloves are tiny . They stretch to fit to a certain degree . But they are way too tight on my hands . Do n't be fooled by the `` Men '' label . I mean no disrespect for small folk , but these should be labeled `` LeprechaunScience '' gloves.I will be returning them.EDIT
 I wish there had been a review of this product before I decided to purchase it online . The first , and therefore main ingredient is alcohol , which is very drying to the hair . The product boasts in claiming to stimulate the production of Sebum , however the serum does more drying to the hair than creating any secreation through oils . Please do not invest in this highly expensive , yet very adverse and ineffective product .
 It just does n't work . I 'd hoped it would , as I have very thinning hair . I 'd come to terms with it , but a friend suggested that this treatment has an excellent reputation . Well , it did not work for me at all . It smells potent . Feels like it 's doing something as it sometimes would sting a little , but it did nothing whatsoever and was a complete waste of money . Do not buy this product .
 This product possibly helped make my hair a little stronger but I did n't see any new hair growth . I used as directed .
 Not so impressed with the oil or the packaging . The spray nozzle was sort of a silly option , considering the directions say to spray it on after a shower . The nozzle got all slippery and I had to take it off to get the oil out , but I just kept thinking , Johnson & Johnson 's baby oil does the same thing . Only cheaper .
 Beware of this and stay away if you have sensitive skin ! This oil gave me a horrible rash that required dermatologist treatment . When I returned the oil to Pea in a Pod where I purchased it , they said others have had similar problems .
 I 'm pregnant and applied this after a shower . It still had n't absorbed by the time I had to get dressed half hour later and I wiped it off the best I could . I have n't tried it again since that initial time as regular lotion seems to be working fine for now .
 I have relaxed hair and this shampoo made my hair very coarse . I felt that it sucked all of the essential moisture out of my hair . How can it possibly prevent breakage if my hair felt so brittle after washing it ? I could n't even run my fingers through it . I had to condition my hair for an extended period to get it back to some kind of moisture . Pantene missed it w this one .
 This sampler is a very well rounded set . It 's got a good variety of colors for light skin tones . The product however does n't meet up to my expectations . I 've got combination skin with areas of large pores . This product , even when combined with a foundation primer , does n't sit well on my skin . The coverage is n't that bad really . But it looks a bit caked on , and seems to emphasize my problem areas . The Light finishing powder is the only one of this set that I may order in the future . It 's got a very delicate texture that covers all areas of the face , including under the eyes , without settling into lines , dry skin , or other trouble areas . The blush did n't have good coverage at all . It has no lasting power . The color it gives is useful for a very subtle glow , but as it does n't last on the skin it is only good for short periods . Overall , this brand is not going on my favorites list .
 I have used it before when i bought from the store . This one , ordered online , looks like at least 4 times diluted !! the good smell at the beginning is not strong enough , and does n't last more than a couple of hours ... I do n't know , if this one I got had problem , or the supplier is ! I would rather buy it from the store , as I really liked swiss army . the 2nd star is for the nice packaging . bottle looks original though ... !
 I have no idea how this product is still on the market . The points of the pick are so sharp they can cut you . There is no way to use this on your hair without hurting your head . I do not recommend it at all .
 Based on my great experience with the Styli-Style flat pencils , I ordered this liner hoping it was as described . Maybe it 's just old , but it does not go on the skin smoothly , pulls and leaves no color behind . Not useful to me at all .
 all styly style product are cheap and do n't stay on.don ' t recommend any of there product , very desapointed !!! this product do ' t last at all !!! it 's just a scan . product .
 This item is horrible !! it does not even transfer . I called and had a new one sent to me ... same thing !! So hard it will not even leave a mark on my hand after rubbing it back and forth HARD ! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !! Used other pencils from this line and love them .
 This sampler is a very well rounded set . It 's got a good variety of colors for light skin tones . The product however does n't meet up to my expectations . I 've got combination skin with areas of large pores . This product , even when combined with a foundation primer , does n't sit well on my skin . The coverage is n't that bad really . But it looks a bit caked on , and seems to emphasize my problem areas . The Light finishing powder is the only one of this set that I may order in the future . It 's got a very delicate texture that covers all areas of the face , including under the eyes , without settling into lines , dry skin , or other trouble areas . The blush did n't have good coverage at all . It has no lasting power . The color it gives is useful for a very subtle glow , but as it does n't last on the skin it is only good for short periods . Overall , this brand is not going on my favorites list .
 I love the product , but it must have been getting old , as it was flakey . Should have sent it back , but did n't .
 Delivery was quick . Product it self is n't great . From the description I was expecting a pomade athletes shaper . This is just a slightly thicker gel . Not great , a little disappointment
 I love the smell of lemongrass but this was a little overwhelming and the soap seemed to dissolve away to quickly . Lathered up nice and left skin feeling good but fragrance was to strong for me .
 I HAVE ORDERED THIS PRODUCT BEFORE , FROM ANOTHER SELLER.EVEN THOUGH THERE IS A 2017 DATE , ON WRAPPER , WHICH APPEARS TO BE AN EXPIRATION DATE , THIS BAR OF SOAP , USED FOR THE FIRST TIME , HAD NO SUDSING ACTION , & MINIMAL FRAGRANCE , UNLIKE PAST PRODUCT USAGE .
 This is not a 6 pack ... only one bar of soap comes . Definitely disappointed with that false information . The soap itself is amazing , however .
 Icky , Icky , Icky.I received this soap as a gift and it was nasty . The best thing I can say is that it melted quickly in the tub .
 makes your hair hard . would not recommend it in the least . Total waste of money.Gray hair is course as it is without adding product that makes it hard !
 Too strong ! Not my scent ! It gives me headache . -- I bought this several months ago and tried several times to appreciate the smell since all the reviews were great but this is really a strong scent and I ca n't take it . Sorry ...
 Is my mom 's favorite perfum , in Mexico I have troubles to find it . I bought it in this web site but I received the perfum opened and somebody used it because the original package was open .
 This mirror is virtually useless . It does n't produce enough light to shave by , apply make up with or see yourself properly . What a waste of money .
 Appears to be the correct hair gel , HOWEVER , hair gel is strongly discolored . I suspect it has been sitting there for years ... Did not look safe to use . Returned it and got refund ... but did lose out 10 dollars for shipping ... beware .
 Product was grossly discolored and consistency was like water instead of a thick gel . Do not buy this . Wish I had seen previous review before placing my order .
 I got the wrong perfume and there was no way I could return it , so I struck out with my girlfriend .
 It stinks . It does n't smell as nice as I thought . This is my first time buying CK Eternity so I ca n't compare but I 'm not a fan of this smell . I hope its not counterfeit .
 do not ask me again if you dont stop your incessant requests for my rating this product i will close my account
 It was not dark enough . I have been wearying black berry and black orchard for a very long time , two of my favorite lipsticks . I found that it was not dark enough . I just so happen to go into a five dollars store , someplace I do n't generally go and they just so happen to have the perfect color , five left , and I bought all five . I never wore the lipstick I purchase from you again after I found the one I really wanted .
 The lipstick is old and on the verge of being rancid . I 'm very disappointed in the product and I wasted a lot of money since I bought four of them .
 The lipstick is old and on the verge of being rancid . I 'm very disappointed in the product and I wasted a lot of money since I bought four of them .
 I thought this would be a very light , opaque shade of pink . But really , it has very little color but is loaded with silver shimmer . On me it looked very whitish and uneven .
 Its such pretty color on the picture and its actually very very light in real ... too different!I was very upset ! dont buy online if you really know the name
 I ORDERED A LIPSTICK FOR THE FIRST AND LAST TIME FROM THIS COMPANY . I WAS VERY EXCITED TO RECEIVE MY PACKAGE SO QUICKLY ONLY TO BE EXTREMELY DISGUSTED AND DISAPPOINTED CAUSE MY LIPSTICK IS USED !!! I WILL TAKE PICTURES AND POST THEM ON HERE SO YOU CAN SEE HOW DISGUSTING THIS IS ! WHOEVER USED IT AND SENT IT TO ME MUST HAVE THE MOST DRIEST AND UGLIEST LIPS EVER ! YOU CAN SEE ALL THE LINES AND SMUDGES ON THE LIPSTICK !!! PLEASE SAVE YOUR 4 BUCKS AND GO SPEND A LITTLE MORE AT RITEAID CAUSE AT LEAST YOU 'LL BE GETTING SOMETHING NEW AND YOU CAN ALWAYS GET YOUR MONEY BACK IF YOU DO N'T LIKE THE COLOR . WILL NEVER ORDER ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN ! I 'M SO ANGRY BUT I 'M NOT EVEN GON NA BOTHER CONTACTING THEM CAUSE OBVIOUSLY THEY DO N'T CARE ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS .
 I mistakenly bought this scented lotion because of the reviews , I was looking for a hand lotion that smelled like the beach , this is just strong , soapy , and after a few minutes on my hands i could n't stand it . It reminded me of a bad scented candle . If you want a beach scented light lotion , get bobbi brown 's the beach .
 A friend sent me a tiny little sample vial of this , and when I smelled it I * HAD * to have it . It was all I could think about after I sprayed it on my arm , I could n't keep myself from smelling it over and over . I was obsessed about this scent , just knew THIS was the one I wanted and must have ! So I ordered it on Amazon . It could n't get here fast enough , I had to have it ... When it finally arrived I opened it where I stood , and sprayed on a spritz . Just one ! In the same place I 'd sprayed the tiny little sample vial previously . I did this at work , where I had to live with the scent all day ... boy was I sorry . Within just a few minutes the scent developed into something indescribably nasty ! Picture unwashed hooker , strolling through Walgreens spraying on every Designer Imposter fragrance she can find , and calling that a bath . Then as she stands and lights a cigarette outside the Walgreens entrance on her way back to the streets , a cat stops and pees on her leg . * THAT * , my friends , is the smell-picture I got from this scent when I bought a full size bottle . Same formula as the sample , but WTH . Just WTH . The rest of the day I wavered between disgust and nausea as the reeking notes wafted up to my nose . I was embarrassed and humiliated to have to smell like that at work , on purpose!I gave away the bottle to someone else . What a waste ... what a letdown . What a disappointment in something that was so enticing in the sample size ...
 I was surprised when I saw this perfume . There is no box and furthermore , this bottle is scratched here and there.How do you sell like this kind of product , especially perfume ????? . The customer who got angry . This is a trash .
 DEFECTIVE CANS , MANF REFUSES TO EXCHANGE AND IS RUDE . boycott this and buy something for a customer service oriented company instead .
 Very disappointed . The bottle container stop working after on a few sprays . Not worth the time or money to send it back
 DOES NOT SMELL THE SAME AS OTHER PERFUME BOTTLES I OWN NOW OF SAME SCENT ... THE SPRAY CAP IS BENT ...
 The web page says 3.3 oz . Cologne and 3.3 oz . Body Shampoo . However , the Cologne was only 1.6 oz . The outer packaging was mislabeled as 3.3 oz for both , but the bottle was only 1.6 oz and that is what it showed on the bottom .
 The make up sponges were hard , and had too many holes in them unlike the ones I used to buy in a beauty supply store . . I threw them out ...
 The product that was sent was in a different bottle than advertised and upon going to my local beauty supply I found this was a lesser product valued at less of a cost . Very disappointed as I was purchasing as a gift .
 The slippers look nice and smell great . They were difficult for me to get on my feet . The lining was too restrictive . Once they were on , they were very awkward and uncomfortable to take any steps . It 's unlikely that I will ever use them on my feet . I will only use the inserts for aromatherapy .
 The slippers look nice and smell great . They were difficult for me to get on my feet . The lining was too restrictive . Once they were on , they were very awkward and uncomfortable to take any steps . It 's unlikely that I will ever use them on my feet . I will only use the inserts for aromatherapy .
 I am disappointed with this set . The only thing I ever used was the sisal back scrubber and the mesh sponge . I have yet advantured to try out all the other items in the set . For reasons below.The mesh sponge `` unmeshed '' in the third use . I was rubbing myself to maximum bubblie comfort when all of sudden the sponge came undone . I tried to tie it back into its original puffiness , but my efforts were futile . I almost hurt myself with my own made sponge because it 's too tight and the plastic lines scrapped my thighs . Ok , I had problems with mesh sponge felling short before so I know any unmeshed sponge will never be the same ever . I went to another store -LRB- name withheld -RRB- and bought a better one for 3.99 . Sign.The sisal back scrubber is intereting , but because I am quite flexible so I can reach my back with the sponge so I can not comment on this much . I only used it once.Overrall I was excited when I received the set , but I am disappointed that the set does not live up to its own standard . Being a Chinese myself , I would take the title away because if Lavender really had made the set with Chinese love , I would be having such a wonderful time with my shower and bath . It would be so much fun :--RRB- .
 First product sent out was wrong . I received `` Technical Tincture of green soap '' which had no seal on it which any professional tattoo artist know is not ok and completely different from `` Tincture of Green Soap '' . When my new bottle showed up today I was happy until I opened the bottle and saw that the seal on this bottle was half open . At this point I do n't understand what the issue is . But from a professional tattoo artist pick a different product to buy supply 's from that are a must to be sterile because your not going to get them from here .
 I ordered three bottles of this product . One came with the seal removed . The opened bottle had an off odor . I did use it on my skin , and got a bad itch and rash . The other two bottles were sealed.I opened one of the sealed bottles and it was fine , no problem . The merchant delivered on time without any problem , but I was not pleased due to the bottled that arrived unsealed . Order this product from some one else , I do not recommend this merchant , and give it one star only-but none if I could .
 Was the soap I was looking for . Did arrive quickly . Only problem with it is how they shipped it resulted in a small puncture in the bottle , so will probably be finding another company to purchase this from
 Delivery was 10 times faster than expected due to proximity of suppliers location . Product is not USP grade soap and does smell like it contains large quantity of coconut oil , perhaps . Will not buy again because I seek pharmaceutical grade .
 First of all , this stuff smells absolutely disgusting !!! I tried to look past the horrid smell and give it a chance to help my skin . I 'm sorry to say that it was a big disappointment . I did n't notice a decrease in oil or a positive change in my acne . Unfortunately , I had to give up on this scrub and throw the rest away . The smell was simply not worth the mediocre results . I 'm now using St. Ives Apricot Scrub for oily/acne prone skin and I 'm very satisfied with it ... it 's cheaper , too !
 This product DOES contain salicylic acid , for those that are sensitive to it , like me . It always clogs my pores and makes my skin break out , which is the opposite of what it 's supposed to do , I know . Read the ingredients and you will see it listed there .
 I 've used many benzoyl peroxide products in the past , and never had any issues . I think Clean and Clear discontinued my favorite benzoyl peroxide wash , so I tried this one . My face felt dry and tight , but did n't react too badly . It was a bit too harsh for daily use , so I had a milder cleanser for every other day.The real issue is that , for the first time in my life , my hands broke out in terrible eczema . I 've never had eczema before , and after ruling out many other products , conditions , etc. . . I found out this was the culprit . At first I discontinued use , but I had so much -LRB- 2 bottles -RRB- that I did n't want to waste it . After the eczema healed and a month or so went by , I tried adding just a dab of this into a much milder cleanser . It still made my hands painfully dry , so I ca n't really get any use out of this.Everyone 's skin is different , but something about this cleanser HATES my hands . Avoid if you have sensitive skin .
 I bought this cleanser because the Oil-Free Acne Cleanser did n't seem to be getting rid of my pimples . I was drawn to the product because it can be used as a regular lathering cleanser or a 5-minute mask . While I felt my skin was getting clearer , it was n't exactly keeping pimples at bay . While ones already on my face cleared sooner , new pimples would pop up and clear just as fast . I enjoyed the cooling effect of the cleanser however.Even though it helped get rid of my pimples faster , though not altogether , I actually threw this product away when it was still half full . Read the ingredients and warnings very carefully because it states plainly that product ` may ' bleach hair or fabrics . ` May ' is an understatement . I have mocha-colored towels that have orange streaks from this product and blue towels that have white streaks because of this cleanser . Not exactly sure what 's in it that makes the cleanser bleach towels and hair , but I wish I had read the warnings on the bottle before purchase . After I found my ruined towels , I thought I should just rinse my face extra well , which did nothing to alleviate the problem . Either do n't buy this product because your stuff will get bleached from residue that wo n't come off your face or simply use/buy a white towel to dry with .
 If you want this same soap , go to the source
 I have ordered this perfume for my wife who already had some and loved it . What I received was a bottle of watered down alcohol -- colored yellow in a Faubourg 24 container -- and when I tried to return it -- it was listed as a hazardous material and not returnable -- shame on Amazon -- they need to do some quality control on thewi LLC partners -- a $ 92 error in this economy HURTS !!!!!!!!
 I was SUPER excited to get this in the mail , and then I actually tried it on . BLEH I smelled like my mother in law . Which is fine if you are over 50 but it made me feel really old . The upside is it has quite a strong staying power . I had to take a bath and scrub up with soap to get the smell off . I wanted it to be elegant and but it was just gross .
 I 'm glad I bought the tiny bottle of this because I would n't purchase it again . For one thing , the little stopper is so difficult to get out that I ended up spilling a little of it.As for the fragrance , I 've had better . It 's one of those perfumes that smells different on everyone and on me it did n't seem to last long .
 Not sure if I got a bad batch , or this is how 360 is meant to smell like , but I was thinking , I smell like soap wearing this . Then a friend commented I smell like soap , so I am going to stop wearing 360 . Just looked up the return policy . YOU CAN NOT RETURN FRAGRANCES . I love Amazon , but I think I will stick with going to the mall for trying new fragrances .
 The delivery 's time was very good . But the case has been damaged at the top , and the part where it hold the spray -LRB- the metalic part -RRB- is very loose . It had no packaging -LRB- like plastic or something -RRB- to ensure the product is new or original . I never have smelled the 360 Black before , to confirm or deny that the product is original . It 's good , but I prefer the 360 simple .
 Ok here we go . With all the great reviews that the 360 Black had ... this stuff is nasty bad , wife could not stand it.Also Beware that the Perry Ellis 360 Black could not be returned for a refund . Or any Cologne from Amazon some thing to do with the content in the cologne and shipping rules when open ... Crazy . So I will only buy at a local store for cologne unless you know what you want for sure then order thru Amazon . Good luck for that best smell ...
 I love the original Perry Ellis 360 Degrees . I get compliments whenever I wear it . So naturally , I 'd get another Perry Ellis ... unfortunately this time I tried the Perry Ellis 360 Black . Wrong move . It smelled like an old-fashioned , old man 's cologne ... very heavy , too sweet-smelling , and hard to wash off from my wrists and neck . UGH ! Good thing the department store I got it from accepts returns . I got the original 360 Degrees instead -LRB- not the 360 Degrees Blue -RRB- . Ah , welcome back Perry Ellis 360 Degrees !
 I am a big fan of the Thymes products . I was disappointed to see that this sink set now is much smaller than the traditional size I usually ordered , but I did not notice that from the picture and I did n't pay attention to the ounces . I also did not like this scent at all . This is the first and last time I will order an item before I have smelled the scent . I just assumed I would love this scent because I usually love all of their products . This is a very strong and lingering scent . Smell it before you order it .
 Have ugly dark circles , nothing has worked . Hoped this would help . Used it for over a month , twice daily . Did nothing . One time I put too much on and it dried my undereyes really bad in the morning.Maybe it works for other , but did nothing for me .
 This product just simply did n't work for me ... I have horrible bags under my eyes and I am only 18 years old . I have had these bags since I was about 9 and almost nothing seems to work . Because I read great reviews about the Korres Evening Primrose Eye Cream I decided to try it . Luckily , I did n't purchase the full size since I got a trial size in another kit -LRB- The Korres Yoghurt Kit for Oily and Dehydrated skin -RRB- . So I used it everyday twice a day - before I go to sleep and when I wake up after I have washed my face in the morning . The only good thing about this product is that it is so generous . You really do not need a lot to spread around your eye area . My trial size tube is pretty small , but so far the product has lasted for about two months -LRB- and there 's still a lot more to go -RRB- , so I can only imagine how long this bigger tube would last - perhaps a year !
 I love Prada Body Cream but this purchase looks old and past its prime . It also has lost its wonderful fragrance . I am very disappointed . Wouldl not purchase again !
 This product is greasy , and it has a powdery smell - like cheap creams . Well , what can you expect since it is a cheaper product ... I wo n't buy again for sure !
 I was excited about this cream , but then when I used it it broke out my skin : -LRB- Not right for me .
 I did not notice any positive results by using this cream.It did not have any bad side effects either . So you may not need it .
 Please , please , please do not buy this product . I tried it and literally threw it away after the first use . Within minutes of putting it on , I regretted the decision but was late for class and left quickly . Throughout the day I had nausea from the smell as did those around me ! My own girlfriend asked why I smelled so badly ! I would have been MUCH better off having not worn deodorant at all ! If you HAVE to buy speed stick , then get the blue gel version , but youre honestly better off moving away from this brand .
 This is one of the worst things I have ever purchased from Amazon . it 's very liquid like and the first time i tried it it was nice but the second time and after it smelled horrible . the smell has nothing to do with the fragrance which I own , it stinked.Don ' t bother buy it 's a waist of money .
 I was using this product for my face bc I have a patch of dry skin . -LRB- something like a sunburned -RRB- It actually made it worst . I have very sensitive skin so I 'm guessing this product is not as gentle as it looks . I do n't think its some moistuzer .
 Great product , I use it daily . Only reason I got from Amazon was because Walmart was sold out . Much cheaper there . Go to Walmart instead.Otherwise , this is my favorite aloe . It 's clear , unscented , and dries without being sticky .
 Not 100 % aloe . 100 % gel rather . ... What exactly did we think it was , 80 % gel and 20 % cupcakes ? This label was designed , like other aloe formulas that I 've seen , to make the customer think it was pure aloe . It is n't . You 're better off not buying it .
 I get alot of burns at work , and I heard that Aloe Vera helps . It seemed like it might have helped a little bit on one small burn , but it feels like a chemical burn when I put it on a burn that 's a little bit worse.Both burns appeared 1st degree , though the worse one did eventually bleed a little . -LRB- The second one had a blister , which came off before I put the aloe vera on.If it 's only good for the most minor of burns , what 's the point in using it ?
 Cheap price , cheap quality.Not good , not recommended.Better to buy other product.Never buy this again.If there were no returning fee , I would return .
 I purchased it to use as a moisturizer and light hair gel since it got great reviews for that type of usage . Unfortunately it does almost nothing for my curls and it often flakes underneath my makeup . Honestly , I never use it anymore . It sits in my bathroom untouched and nearly full . Will never buy again .
 It 's NOT 100 % Aloe Vera . The bottle says 100 % Gel ... How sneaky of them ... I realized this after getting home.Here is the ingredient list : Aloe Vera Gel , Triethanolamine , Tocopheryl , Acetate , Carbomer , Tetrasodium EDTA , DMDM Hydantoin , Diazolidinyl UREA.I tried it just so that I could give an honest review of how it treats my skin even when I found out the ingredients . Well , it 's drying . My skin was not moisturized from this.I 'm not willing to try it again . I 'm just going to take it back and buy 100 % Aloe Vera Gel from another company and also buy a $ 4 Aloe Vera Plant.If this works for you , that 's good . But if you 're someone expecting 100 % Aloe , this is n't the product for you . It 's just 100 % Gel . Whatever that means .
 If you care about your health , then do n't buy this product . There 's so many toxic chemicals in this bottle , I do n't know where they had room for the aloe . Read the label carefully . It READS , 100 % GEL AND NOT 100 % ALOE VERA . See the deception ? The 100 % is carefully placed next to the word Gel . What you 've really bought is 100 % Gel as opposed to liquid . . etc.If you google each of the chemicals listed in the ingredients , you will find that they are toxins.If you do n't mind the toxins and chemicals , then why not just go to your local Walgreens and get a bottle of ` fake aloe ' for $ 3 . If you put it on a skin rash or irritation , it burns . Real ALOE does n't burn . Check it out for yourself .
 This bottle tries to trick us by claiming `` 100 % Gel ''
 I just received my bottle of jaqua buttercream frosting lotion and i am very disappointed . The lotion is very watered down and you cant even smell it after you put it on . I think that the bottle was filled with a different kind of lotion bcause i had this product a couple years back and it was completely different . I 'm very angry that i wasted 21 dollars on this . . Word of advice DO N'T BUY LOTION ONLINE UNLESS FROM THE COMPANY !
 I was very disappointed with this conditioner I had heard it was really good and I thought for the price of it it must be ... wrong it hardly untangled my hair and it did n't give it any more hydration .
 This stuff is the same formula as Head and Shoulders , and it gives the same lousy results . At these prices , it should work ; but you can pick up the equivalent shampoo anywhere anytime .
 I ordered this product because I 've used it many times before and it really works for dry itchy scalp . However I received another product from this company in it 's place . I decided to keep the other product and use it rather than waste time shipping it back , but I think I should have because KeraCare Dry & Itchy Shampoo is a very very good product . Much better than the product I received in it 's place
 Looking at other reviews , this seems like really great shampoo if you want to get rid of dry scalp and dandruff , but After 5 weeks of use , there is no improvement and the condition actually seems a little worse . Maybe the magic happens when you use both the shampoo and conditioner together -LRB- I am just using the shampoo right now -RRB- . I will go ahead and order the conditioner and provide an update in the future of my results .
 After reading several other reviews telling to stick with natural colors , I bought the `` Pale '' . It looks white on me . It was not as creamy or moist as I was led to believe . On the bright side , it is a good lip liner and lipstick all in one ; if you find a good color for yourself . The color did stay on for several hours .
 * Unfortuneately FX Curl did not work for me , left my hair feeling waxy * But I was really hoping it would have for the price * My hair is med-thick , normal to dry , and wavy curls * I am glad it works for others
 hate it !!! wrong color . . the color looks like its pinkest but it turns out its completely purple . be careful some pictures is n't what you think it is ...
 We wanted the My Private Jet that was charcoalish/black with the rainbow hue , but we got several bottles of the brownish shade . It 's definately NOT what we wanted . Please bring back the original color . We wo n't be buying anymore of the brownish shade . Rita Norton & Donna Levi . Since reviewing other customer complaints with this product , we would think that marketing & merchandising would take heed of our warnings .
 I do n't know about any of you who likes new nail polish to come with a neat brush . but when i opened the nail polish , OMG bot , was i disappointed . all of the bristles has fly away hairs , and i had no choice to cut some of them , in order for it for the bristles on the nail polish brushOPI That 's Berry Daring Nlb36 - Nail Polish / Lacquer / Enamelto be neat . omg , now i have nail polish on my scissor , and a messed up nail polish brush . NEVER AGAIN THIS COMPANY !!!!
 Do not order from this company ! They sent me the newer version of MPJ , the older version is holographic . I complained on their profile if you wish to look at it . They need to update this photo of this particular polish .
 I ordered 11 polishes from NailEtc , only received 5 in the parcel . This one is one of the missings . I was so looking forward to this one , which made me soooooooooooooooo disappointed . But I got my refund at the end .
 I love OPI products and when I realized I could buy them from Amazon for less than $ 9 a pop , I was excited . This is the only polish I have ever ordered that I was not satisfied with . The name of the product is `` Teal the Cows Come Home '' and the color looks to be a greenish/teal color . When the bottle arrived , it was very , very blue . I have not worn this product since I purchased it .
 I saw this color on the OPI site and loved it . It showed a nice pink color . However when I bottle the bottle and put it on it was RED and not pink plus it has glitter in it . In fairness I have to say that there is nothing wrong with the product . I hate this shade and thought the site misrepresented the color .
 There 's great reviews for the other colors and I agree with them , but Fiercely Fiona is just horrible . It looks pretty in the bottle , but it 's so thin that I just could n't get my nail fully covered regardless of how many coats I did . I ended up having to remove my nail polish and am now shelfing it for a year in the hope it thickens . I do n't know if this is a problem with any other colors -LRB- I know that Who the Shrek Are You is fine -RRB- , but this one is just no good . OPI , as much as I love you , this one is just a miss .
 Before i purchased this color , i went online & checked it out . From the pics that i saw , i LOVED it ! It was sooo unique & pretty ! When i recieved mine . . NOT so much !! I was so disappointed & mad ! From what i 've read of other reviews , apparantly OPI changed the color from the original one . That was not smart because this one looks NOTHING like the original . The glitter in it is not nearly as bright & rainbow colored & the base color is a mucky , dirty looking brown ! I gave mine away .
 It 's not the color I expected , but it 's ok I will wear it to see how much I like it
 This stuff smells like a public restroom . It is horrible , do not get it . I thought maybe I was wrong after I first used it but after using it a couple of times now I just ca n't get over how it smells .
 `` Your advertising 's just dandy ... folks would never guess you do n't have a thing to sell . '' Bonnie ParkerFaye Dunnaway might as well have been talking about Touch for Men by Fred Hayman when she said those lines to Warren Beatty in the classic 1967 film `` Bonnie And Clyde '' . The bottle for Touch was so pretty and elegant that I was seduced by its classic apothecary bottle design . I bought it blind and on the promise of the notes it claimed to have . Three notes to be exact , Lavender , Spices , and Amber , a simple yet masculine Oriental Spicy , right up my alley . It sounded uncomplicated and elegant and like something that might hark back to the glamour of Beverly Hills in the 90 's when Fred Hayman was a big name people still remembered on Rodeo Drive.Then it arrived ... . I opened the package and took one look at the box . Not good . It was rather gaudy ... Oh well it was the 90 's after all.I unboxed the bottle ... Now it looked a lot better with its oversized black cap and the red plastic `` wax '' seal with an H stamped on it in the center of the bottle ... no name just the stamp . Well that is kind of classy ; if you stood back a few feet and squinted . Then I opened the bottle.I spayed it on and in a Newport Beach second I morphed into Summer Roberts from `` The O.C. '' `` It smells like Chino , Ew !! `` It stank like the inside of the plastic head of a Jerry Mahoney ventriloquist doll . I know because when I was 12 I smelled my cousin 's Jerry Mahoney Doll , and it smelled BAD . What is that , Lavender ? I have never smelled lavender like that . Plastic flowers melting on a sidewalk in the summer . The spices were from the back shelf of an old taco truck abandoned on the old I 5 just north of Gorman . Amber ? No not amber but something akin to burning tires in a junk yard in the San Fernando Valley.It not only stank but it stank in the most obvious way . IT WAS CHEAP!Was this a joke ? All I could think of was Divine in `` Lust in the Dust . `` Divine
 The curling iron heats quickly and to a high temperature and curls hair well however , the cord twists and twists and twists and ties itself into a knot so that within 3 uses a 5 foot cord is reduced to 1 foot of knot . No other curling iron does this . It is a real pain in the but to use this iron .
 After reading several other reviews telling to stick with natural colors , I bought the `` Pale '' . It looks white on me . It was not as creamy or moist as I was led to believe . On the bright side , it is a good lip liner and lipstick all in one ; if you find a good color for yourself . The color did stay on for several hours .
 15 Years ago , this use to be my favorite perfume . Then it disappeared from sight and I did not remember it until recently when I was looking for some new perfume . Much to my delight I found it on Amazon and ordered a bottle . I was very disappointed when it came . Either my chemistry has changed or there is basically only alcohol in the bottle . Maybe not original stuff ? Whatever the case , it smelled bad on me . I much prefer Celine Dion .
 After reading several other reviews telling to stick with natural colors , I bought the `` Pale '' . It looks white on me . It was not as creamy or moist as I was led to believe . On the bright side , it is a good lip liner and lipstick all in one ; if you find a good color for yourself . The color did stay on for several hours .
 I love the Lush products . They are unique , they work , and the ingredient list makes sense to a layperson such as myself . I 'm sure this works well for other men and women . They recommended it to me at the Lush store for sensitive skin . However , the scent actually gives me a headache . It is n't strong , but it is pervasive . I can smell it on my face the whole day . I 've tried skipping days in case it was something else bothering me , but even after going a month , and then using it , bam , there 's the headache . It 's too sweet , or too something . I 'm going to return it and try the Skin Drink stuff , or something else , because I really do love the Lush line , but oh my word do I hate this one . Also , it make my face feel like it had a skin mask on it all day , as well . It just kind of laid there ; I could feel it all day . Sounds like it 's lovely for others , but keep it away from me .
 I was disappointed with this product because the actual color is very different from what the computer shows .
 i was hoping for a real magenta ... this is a shimmery darker pink , way too bright , makes my toes and fingers look quite cheap ...
 Maybe I got a bad batch but Lather AHA Creme with Evening Primrose Trio actually made my hands feel dryer than they were before I applied it . Since returning the Lather hand creme , I 've purchased and usedL ` OCCITANE Shea Hand Cream , 5.2-Ounce Tubeand it works fantastic . Its my favorite hand creme now . My skin seems to appreciate shea butter products rather well .
 every small amount , must be samples they are selling . will be gone in two to four usage was expecting more .
 Did I receive a bottle that somehow passed QC without being inspected for ... wait for it ... quality control ? The fragrance is so subtle and disappears so quickly that I find using this cologne a waste of effort . Never going to purchase this one again ... ever .
 I ordered 2 of them and then the delivery was delayed . Apparently I was informed that they were out of stock so they only sent me 1 cologne and reimbursed me for the other . Pretty much disappointed by their service not the product , watch out for delays .
 After reading several other reviews telling to stick with natural colors , I bought the `` Pale '' . It looks white on me . It was not as creamy or moist as I was led to believe . On the bright side , it is a good lip liner and lipstick all in one ; if you find a good color for yourself . The color did stay on for several hours .
 After reading several other reviews telling to stick with natural colors , I bought the `` Pale '' . It looks white on me . It was not as creamy or moist as I was led to believe . On the bright side , it is a good lip liner and lipstick all in one ; if you find a good color for yourself . The color did stay on for several hours .
 I liked that this product is natural . If you are going to spend the day at the park , this one 's great . Very lotiony application . But if you are going to go swimming , this one 's a real hazard . It makes the skin so slippery when it 's wet , I wo n't ever put it on my girls again for swimming . Very , very slippery .
 We have used this sunblock since my son was 3 months old and it worked well . But when he developed eczema this lotion made the problem worse . As soon as the sun screen hits my sons face a bad bright red rash appears . I 've stopped using this product ... While I am sure this is great for most people I want to make sure people are aware this may not be best for a child with eczema ... We 've had better luck with generic brands .
 This was just okay . I found it a little greasy , and it had to be applied way more frequently than I would have liked . I used it on my son and myself - I got burnt pretty bad .
 This gave my 18 month old a sunburn . He was only outside for about an hour . I would not trust this product .
 This product color does not last as long as they claim , especially on very gray hair . Also , they no longer include the brush and cup for coloring mustache and/or beard , a reall draw back . Since I mainly color my mustache I used to use only a portion of the mix each time but now the larger bottle has a snap off top so you ca n't reseal it and use the rest later . I may try some other product next time since Clairol has gone cheap on this one -LRB- no brush , no cup , ca n't use part and save the rest -RRB- .
 Tried this in hopes it would work better than just for men , but experienced an even worse rash than with the other .
 After reading several other reviews telling to stick with natural colors , I bought the `` Pale '' . It looks white on me . It was not as creamy or moist as I was led to believe . On the bright side , it is a good lip liner and lipstick all in one ; if you find a good color for yourself . The color did stay on for several hours .
 The product smelled so much that I could n't wear it even for a second . No way at all did it smell like lavender ! The price that I paid compared to the amount that I received was ridiculous ! If you asked me , their products are overly priced and smell horrid . I would not recommend this product to anyone !
 A friend suggested shampoo this for snarly long hair.I tried it.I cant remember if it worked , I remember that the ingredients made me kind of sick ... but then I am hypersensitive to chemicals
 The new Anew formula that has glitter is very irriating . I will NOT buy it again.I loved the old contouring eye cream , I do n't think they needed to change it .
 Used this product for 4 weeks and I see NO change.This product is a waste on money.Now I have to go look for something else ...
 This product -LRB- the cream part at least -RRB- seems okay . It is quite thick , it did diminish the look of slight crows feet -LRB- I 'm 33 -RRB- after the first use . I have no clue what the point of the `` elixer '' is . This does not de-puff or really serve any purpose . I also had a very bad reaction to this product and I do not have sensitive skin nor have I ever had an allergic reaction to a moisturizing product . It burned the outer corners of my eyes so badly , I have red marks there now . I threw this out after one use . Would not purchase again . Will be sticking with my Clinique
 I bought this product along with tea tree water and fresh farmacy -LRB- my first lush purchases -RRB- because I heard great things about them . when I used Imperialis , I had a face full of HUGE under the skin AND above the skin pimples . my face was the greasiest it 's ever been -- without having gone outside and wearing no makeup at all , I was completely using up three or four oil blotting sheets a day . basically , my face HATED this product . I gave it a week of use to see if it just needed to adjust to my skin but no go . I quit using it and literally within two days my skin had cleared to just little red scars . I was surprised because the website and a lot of reviews say this stuff is great for oily skin ! not the case . before buying do some research and decide if the several really bad reviews for this product might be the case for you too . I have to return the moisturizer now which will take FOREVER to process . such a waste . I wanted to love this product!for comparison to your own type , I have moderately oily , acne-prone skin . it 's never been that sensitive to products in the past .
 I tried this item as a moisturizer for my face . It 's light and non greasy and had a pleasant vanilla fragerance . I ca n't really comment on pH or balancing of my skin type ... since my skin is fairly good as is . That being said ... I did n't think that this product provided great moisturization . I returned to Oil of Olay . It was less expensive and had a UV protector which this product does not . Maybe this product would be good for a twentysomething . For a fortysomething ... there 's definitely better -LRB- more serious -RRB- products out there for the money .
 After reading several other reviews telling to stick with natural colors , I bought the `` Pale '' . It looks white on me . It was not as creamy or moist as I was led to believe . On the bright side , it is a good lip liner and lipstick all in one ; if you find a good color for yourself . The color did stay on for several hours .
 So my reason for getting this was 2-fold
 It worked great for the first 2weeks I had it , but it is already torn in a worn away type fashion . Not well designed or ` manufactured ' . I am VERY Disappointed .
 I tried this product with my Conair hot rollers and , it does not set my hair properly . It did not dry all the way and , my curls were hard with no body.When I set my hair I use Herbal Essense holding moose and , it makes my hair bouncy with curls that hold for two days . So , I will stick with Herbal Essense.Buy this product Lottabody at your own risk .
 when you view the picture and read the description of this product you think it is a gift set with the cologne and aftershave . in fact it is just the aftershave . i was very dissapointed to see when it arrived -LRB- rather quickly , that was the only good thing -RRB- that it was not what was pictured . i would not recommend this seller because you never know if what is pictured is an inaccurate display of the product . .
 I used this product along with a number of other Yon-Ka products for about a year . I have had moderate breakouts for many years and was hoping this would be the solution to the problem -LRB- an esthetician recommended them to me -RRB- . They were n't . Granted , my use of them was not always the twice-a-day regimen I was supposed to do , but even when I was really good at doing the regimen like I was supposed to for weeks at a time , the results were mediocre at best . Not super encouraging . I will say that it feels really refreshing when you spray the toner on , but it 's just not worth the cost since there are other -LRB- cheaper -RRB- products I 've found since that are a lot more effective overall .
 Product is good , however , it arrived leaking out of its container . I 've rated it prior to this invitation and was told the vendor would send a replacement . It has never arrived
 I thought I was buying cologne in a glass bottle and it ended up being a plastic tube of cream . The picture was misleading
 I do n't like the consistency of the product.I had a Bath & Body Works gardenia product beforethat was much richer and creamier than this butI could n't find it any more.I would n't buy this product again , butI 'll use it until it 's gone .
 This cologne is not the real thing ; but seems to be a poor imitation . I bought it again from Neiman Marcus , and the difference is amazing . I would not recommend it to a friend .
 this is our second and last of this hair dryer . both made it just past the 1 year warrenty then quit ! like the wall mount feature but not the hassle of replaceing it each year . piece of cra ? .
 I 've purchased 3 over 5 years . They work great for about a year and a half , then they start slowing down until they eventually stop working . I would try other brands except not many other models available at this price .
 I did a lot of research on mineral makeup and thought this would be a good one to try - was I WRONG !!!!!! The only thing in the whole kit that was good is the concealer brush - the powder did n't cover , and the concealer was heavy and DRY ! I went with Mineral Essence - best mineral at the best price - trust me !
 I used this perfume about 15 years ago and smells attractive so I could not forget the way it smelled . However , I could not find it at local stores for years but accidentally , one day I found it online -LRB- Amazon -RRB- so I deccided to buy two bottles in order to save money on shipping backhome -LRB- Saudi Arabai -RRB- . I received my perfume last night and tried it on and it smells ugly and I could not stand the smell . I could not believe this the perfume I used to wear years ago . I think the perfume is expired or stored in hot enivronment storage . In fact it is not a perfume at all.I will get rid of them by burying them somewhere in the desert so nobody gets sick lol.My advice is becareful to buy this perfume online . I believe they are not producing this perfume anymore and all these ones online are storage for long time so you are not sure you will get the good ones .
 It did not have the smell . I think it was old . I ordered multiple and I was not happy with the product .
 the sponge that is shown is advertised as a much bigger sponge , than you order and here comes three tiny little sponges where as it will take two to compare with the size that is advertised . not good at all .
 The oval sponge I was replacing is no longer available . I have looked for it in many stores and on the web . I was about to give up - and then I found this sponge and was really excited . This is the ONLY oval bath sponge I have seen for sale anywhere in a long time . When it came in the mail I could n't wait to open the box . This sponge is not near the quality I was expecting and hoping for . The sponge I was replacing had lasted for many years . This sponge wo n't last near that long . Good thing I ordered two . Since I am addicted to using a sponge while taking a shower , I guess I will have to accept this one . Beggers ca n't be choosers !
 its the same as the sponge u get at target , i own both , and i feel i wasted s/h charges to get this . i DONT recommend it .
 So I 've been using the professional cleaning an the oxygen face cream and I have n't ' seen any different in my skin . The acne has n't really gone away and after using the oxygen face cream my face only feels greasier . After I finish the tubes I do n't think I will be ordering more . The Karin Herzog products have n't done anything for me so far . Not sure what all the rave is about .
 I have been using it for 3 months in the morning and evening -- every day ! The result -- ZERO ! Do not waste your money on this product .
 I had used this product for about a year before giving up on it . It did n't help at all with redness or capillaries . However I do use it after going to the dermatologist for IPL treatments to have my capillaries removed . I became tired of waiting for results , and decided to go get the treatments done professionally . I use it for the calming properties it has . It helps soothe the sting , and puffiness that sometimes results from IPL treatments . I 'm using it now while I still have product left . I 'm sure there are products in the drugstore that I can use for this purpose , so I wo n't be reordering this in the future . If your broken capillary or redness is really bothering you like it did me , do n't waste time suffering , go get it removed by a professional if you can afford to . It 's money well spent , unlike this product .
 Simple
 This product did not do anything that it claimed it would . Even with a positive attidude I got nothing but maybe a pimple from it ...
 I have been using this for about 10 months , applying it 3 times a day . It does not do anything .
 I take some responsibility for not looking closely at the ingredient list , however nothing could have prepared me for the overwhelming perfume scent of this product . It smells a little like someone 's grandmother and it 's VERY strong . I also have sensitive skin , so I ended up with a terrible red and blotchy reaction on my cheeks . If you are sensitive at all to perfume in your moisturizer or several different kinds of alcohol then definitely go a different route.I may not have written this kind of review if there had , at least , been any option to return or exchange this item , but once you receive the item , allergic or not , you 're stuck with it.If I helped one person be more attentive than I was when buying this product , I 'll consider this bad experience a success : -RRB-
 When I first saw this model I was excited about the practicality of it 's wall mount design , and the sleek styling it offered . It 's 1600 watts supplied ample drying power , and the unit even has the ability to be shut off from the handset ... a feature I am very fond of ! The problem ; they do n't last ! My first one lasted about 9 months and then began to continually overheat and shut off several times during my styling process . Blowing into the back got old pretty quick , and in the hope that I just got that one lemon , I decided to order another . I 've owed my present unit for not quite a year now , and a few days ago I went to turn it on , and it just would n't . Terminal . I find myself again in need of a new wall mounted hair dryer , dreading removing this one and remounting the next . I 'm presently seeking a better made model , after all , if you 're going to mount something on your wall , you want it to last more than a year , no ?
 I purchased two of these dryers . One dryer glowed red hot after 8 months . I threw it out . I purchased another one and the plastic tabs that hold the dryer on the base broke . Customer service was horrible !!! They practically accused me of breaking it myself . The representative said that she owned one and my problem never happened to her . Anyway , after calling back I spoke with another woman who said to mail the dryer at my expense -LRB- $ 9.00 -RRB- and they would send me another dryer . Well I received the dryer yesterday , plugged it in and the plug popped and blew the circuit in the bathroom . I am almost certain they sent a refurbished piece of junk !!! Buyer beware !
 I would expect a `` coil cord '' to re-coil . This does not . It stretched and re-coiled about 50 % on the first try . I did not over do it . I went about 3 feet at most . I can tell by closer examination that it would only get more stretched . What is the point of a coiled cord . I could simply use a regular dryer with a hook . I had not mounted it but had one person hold it against the wall for placement evaluation ... not to test the cord . I am returning this `` defective '' product .
 I was excited to get this hairdryer as we have no space in our tiny bathroom to store a bigger hairdryer . I 've used wall-mounted hairdryers in hotels and thought that it would be the solution for me.Wrong ! While it 's great to have it up on the wall and out of the way , the small size makes it better suited to short hair . With longer hair you have to be careful to hold the dryer farther away from your head so that hair does n't get sucked into the back of it . I believe this is what caused my hairdryer to start overheating after just two months of use . The fan became very sluggish and the coils would overheat , then it would spark and the thermostat would reset . The fan would speed up within a few minutes to where it could keep the coils from overheating , but eventually this took even longer . I took it apart to clean it but it is made in such a way that you ca n't get at the hair that is wrapped around the fan stem . I could see that it was only a few strands anyway , but even this was too much.Even when it was new it did n't blow a lot of air , though it did get fairly hot . I 'm off to buy a full size hairdryer with more power and will just have to figure out a place to hang it . Blah.p.s . The nightlight is really , really bright . I disabled mine after a couple of nights of trying to ignore the green glow emanating from the bathroom .
 I have eczema on my hands -LRB- fingers only really -RRB- that is usually spurred on my stress and takes a long time to heal.I bought this on here due to the good reviews but it actually worsened by eczema and burned upon application . I was in denial that the new cream was causing this and continued to apply for about 5 days while my spots got worse and worse.I stopped using this and applied pure aloe for a while which helped to reduce the pain and redness by a lot , but did n't clear the spots to normal condition . I use this cream on my legs as regular lotion as to not waste it . It works decently well for that purpose , but so would a $ 1.50 tub of vaseline.The search for a good eczema product continues ... -_-
 I have psoriasis on my face . It was diagnosed by a dermatologist earlier this year . I have been usingPsoriasin Psoriasis Relief , Multi-Symptom , Topical Ointment , 4 oz.ever since the diagnosis . It was working well at first , but the effectiveness is falling off a bit , so I switched to this for a week to see if it would work better.Unfortunately , this did not work better . I do like that it does not smell funny , it does not sting , it did not make my face redder or my psoriasis worse , but it did not make any improvements , either . After the third day of using this , all the scaliness and redness came back , exactly like what happens when I stop using the psoriasin for three days.I 'm giving this two stars because it does not work for me . I ca n't say `` it 's okay '' which is the definition of a three star review , because it is not okay in terms of actually improving my psoriasis . It makes no difference . But I am grateful that at least it was not super-expensive and it did not make my face look worse .
 This cream did not provide relief for my excema , which is centered around my neck area . I have had excema -LRB- dermatitis -RRB- off and on for years , but it has become chronic since a particularly bad period for my hay fever allergies last October . I have no medical insurance , so have been hunting for an over the counter remedy .
 I really like Derma-E products and have had great experiences using the various creams and serums . I have tried the Psorzema creme a few times in the hopes that maybe it would help at some point but , unfortunately , it has n't . On it 's own , it barely moisturizes my skin , much less help my eczema . Maybe I have to use more but it 's pretty expensive for the size . It works better in combination with another lotion/creme but does n't work any better with the body wash of the same name . I would n't judge other Derma-E products based solely on this one though .
 It 's a really nice color if you apply one coat , but we all know with colors like these you have to apply at least 2 , but once you apply the 2nd coat the color changes . Also after a week I removed the nail polish and it stained my nails . Do n't recommend .
 I bought this based on the reviews . VERY unimpressed . I touch up chips twice a day ! I usually use OPI , which will last two weeks with minimal maintenance . This did n't make it 3 days . The colors are pretty , but even Sally Hanson outlasts Essie , and at a third the price . My first bottle will be my last bottle .
 I really have no idea what the fascination is with this brand . I 've tried so many shades hoping that maybe the last was a fluke . But , this brand is awful IMO . It 's difficult to apply , applies streaky , and chips so easily . I much prefer OPI .
 This nail polish is a good one . But I was expecting more of it . First of all , I say it is very expensive so I thought it would be a great quality , I wanted it for french nails . but for my suprise it came to my house with a thick consistency . I do n't know if all essey nail polish are like this , but this was my first essey nail polish and all I can say is that I prefer buying the inexpensive revlon I have always buyed .
 If you want a natural nail tint , that looks like color of the real nail bed , this is the shade for you . It is not as pink as the photo ; it 's more cream . Really sheer , just perfect for a french manicure . Not for me though , I like my colors more saturated , even with a Fnch.ManiFollow up April 30 , 2011
 this color is way too light and to get the white-ish color you have to have 3 coats . The seller is the BESTS -LRB- not the first time I order from them -RRB- but THIS particularly nail polish is not great ... I 'll just stay with Opi < 3
 even brighter in person than in pic and once on . maybe at my darkest in the summer i would wear this . almost neon .
 Ask plenty of questions about product and merchandise as these items appear new in picture , but merchandise clearly been used or were tester products .
 Sea Breeze has been my favorite Essie color , and since it such an old color , most stores no longer carry it . So when I discovered it listed with this seller on Amazon , I was pleased . Unfortunately , the polish that I received was nothing like the original Sea Breeze that I have so enjoyed . I 've simply tossed it rather than go to the trouble of returning it . I DO NOT recommend this product as offered by this seller !!!
 I finally ! Finally purchase some Lush products after reading so much from other customers . Im a total Bath/Beauty Product Guru and I did not think these fizzy ball were in the least bit great . They Fizz yes . But Pretty much thats it . The smell is awesome when they are in the cheap little sandwich bag they come in but once you plop that baby in the Tub . . it disappears and I wasnt impressed at all ! Sorry Lush ! Thank God I didnt spend an arm/leg on them . It was like soaking in Plain water w/this Bomb . I also got Honey Bee and same thing . . No big Whoop!I wont purchase `` Lush '' Bath Bombs again . IT also takes to long for delivery .
 I 've tried a few of these after reading so much about them . What a disappointment ! Yes , they fizz -- but that 's about it . All of mine were faintly scented , but they smelled more like a science project gone awry . Y * U * C * K. Anyway , I like the ones from Haute Tub * much * better . Their buttercream frosting , candy cane crunch and pumpkin pie smell delicious . Just thought I 'd share .
 Im a guy that is a few shades darker than a normal fair skinned white boy and so i expected this stuff to work really well . After paying through the nose for 2 bottles and 1 day delivery of 60 bucks , i tried this over 4 days . After 4 days , i noticed no difference than if i were walking in the sun without sunscreen . A hint of brown.Id ask for my money back but hack companies like this probably wouldnt honor it.Do not buy . Its oily and nasty and you will sweat uncontrollably .
 REAL Maui Babe skin oil is wonderful and smells like brown sugar and coffee . I ordered this on Amazon and it smells like soy sauce and does not feel or protect like Maui Babe . This stuff is not sold by Maui Babe and I new I was taking a gamble ordering online . I am convinced this is fake , you never know when you buy though Amazon . I have seen this online and in-store at Ulta so I guess I will buy it there from now on .
 Recently on a vacation , I purchased a bottle of Maui babe browning lotion . While I was very impressed and very pleased with this bottle , I opted to order more from -LSB- ... -RSB- . The lotion is not the same as the original bottle I bought . Although the bottle looked the same , the contents are not . I would suggest ordering directly from -LSB- ... -RSB- , its a little more expensive , but if you want the same thing , its best to order the original .
 I bought this on the Big Island at the beginning of my trip after reading the great positive reviews here . I wanted to make sure it was worth the $ 15 ! Maybe I got a bad batch , but I 've been in the sun for several days at this point and all it seems to do is make me oily and smell like coffee . I have fair Norwegian skin that does n't typically tan very well . This did n't help at all as far as I 'm concerned - still blotchy and red , just like I always am after being in the sun . I used sunscreen underneath this as well , as recommended . Others claiming a similar complexion claimed it works great ! Disappointing after all of the `` testimonials '' I read here .
 As another reviewer stated , this is not the same stuff you receive directly from Maui Babe . I originally ordered a bottle from their website and fell in love with the stuff . I was headed to the beach in 3 days so needed something capable of being overnighted . MauiBabe ships via USPS so this was n't fast enough for me . I turned to Amazon and was shocked by the price difference -LRB- $ 22 for 1 8oz bottle on Maui Babes site , $ 18 for 2 8oz bottles here -RRB- . I ordered the stuff off here and immediately noticed the difference . The labeling is the same , but the product in the bottle is definitely not . The stuff mailed to me from Amazon was way darker and smelled disgusting -LRB- the original stuff smells sweet -RRB- . This stuff had a chemical smell to it . I emailed Amazon questioning why the discrepancy and they just issued me a refund . I did n't ask for one I was just wondering.There is no way this is the same stuff you get directly from the company . This stuff stains your skin -LRB- looks like a self tanner -RRB- while the other stuff does n't . The REAL product is amazing , but whatever they are selling here is not . Do NOT order it from SellThrifty , or any company not Maui Babe Inc. . The product is not authentic.I do credit Amazon for refunding me , however they should n't sell impostor products on here .
 Long Time Browning Lotion user , My bad for reading ALL the reviews . The 5 bottle I ordered in the 4oz size was a repackaged product . Not the same High Quality of Maui Babe 's product . Does NOT come in a SEALED bottle so repackaging is happening here . Probably old and mixed up again . . I would not recommend any product that is re-packaged like this . . BeWare ...
 Last year I bought Maui Babe directly from the manufacturer and I loved it . I decided to try -LSB- ... -RSB- because the price was much cheaper.Well . I can tell you , it is not the same product . First , the bottles were not sealed . Second , it does not smell like the real thing.Third , it immediately washes off when you go in the water . The real Maui Babe stays on your skin even after bathing , unless you take a shower with soap . This is a fake product ! Next time , I would rather pay more but get the real thing from -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Yes , it does seem like a fake -LRB- remake -RRB- of Maui babe . I have used this product for a few years now -LRB- since I have lived in Hawaii -RRB- and this is NO where near what I had been using ! It 's more like a lotion than an oil ... it streeks white when you get in the water & runs right off . I will not buy from here again ... very disappointed : /
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE REAL MAUI BABE BROWNING LOTION.I WISH I WOULD OF SPENT THE EXTRA FOUR DOLLARS A BOTTLE AND RECEVIED THE ORIGINAL.THE CONSISTENCY , SMELL , FEEL OF THIS PRODUCT IS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE ORIGINAL.IVE BEEN USING THE ORIGINAL FOR SEVERAL YEARS AND I LOVE IT . I RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT AND WILL NEVER USE IT BECAUSE IT STINKS DOES NOT STAY ON SKIN AND HAS VERY LITTLE OIL IN IT .
 I should have just gotten it at the local store here - between the cost and shipping it was way overpriced .
 As another reviewer stated , this is not the same stuff you receive directly from Maui Babe . I originally ordered a bottle from their website and fell in love with the stuff . I was headed to the beach in 3 days so needed something capable of being overnighted . MauiBabe ships via USPS so this was n't fast enough for me . I turned to Amazon and was shocked by the price difference -LRB- $ 22 for 1 8oz bottle on Maui Babes site , $ 18 for 2 8oz bottles here -RRB- . I ordered the stuff off here and immediately noticed the difference . The labeling is the same , but the product in the bottle is definitely not . The stuff mailed to me from Amazon was way darker and smelled disgusting -LRB- the original stuff smells sweet -RRB- . This stuff had a chemical smell to it . I emailed Amazon questioning why the discrepancy and they just issued me a refund . I did n't ask for one I was just wondering.There is no way this is the same stuff you get directly from the company . This stuff stains your skin -LRB- looks like a self tanner -RRB- while the other stuff does n't . The REAL product is amazing , but whatever they are selling here is not . Do NOT order it from SellThrifty , or any company not Maui Babe Inc. . The product is not authentic.I do credit Amazon for refunding me , however they should n't sell impostor products on here .
 Long Time Browning Lotion user , My bad for reading ALL the reviews . The 5 bottle I ordered in the 4oz size was a repackaged product . Not the same High Quality of Maui Babe 's product . Does NOT come in a SEALED bottle so repackaging is happening here . Probably old and mixed up again . . I would not recommend any product that is re-packaged like this . . BeWare ...
 Recently on a vacation , I purchased a bottle of Maui babe browning lotion . While I was very impressed and very pleased with this bottle , I opted to order more from -LSB- ... -RSB- . The lotion is not the same as the original bottle I bought . Although the bottle looked the same , the contents are not . I would suggest ordering directly from -LSB- ... -RSB- , its a little more expensive , but if you want the same thing , its best to order the original .
 I bought this on the Big Island at the beginning of my trip after reading the great positive reviews here . I wanted to make sure it was worth the $ 15 ! Maybe I got a bad batch , but I 've been in the sun for several days at this point and all it seems to do is make me oily and smell like coffee . I have fair Norwegian skin that does n't typically tan very well . This did n't help at all as far as I 'm concerned - still blotchy and red , just like I always am after being in the sun . I used sunscreen underneath this as well , as recommended . Others claiming a similar complexion claimed it works great ! Disappointing after all of the `` testimonials '' I read here .
 Im a guy that is a few shades darker than a normal fair skinned white boy and so i expected this stuff to work really well . After paying through the nose for 2 bottles and 1 day delivery of 60 bucks , i tried this over 4 days . After 4 days , i noticed no difference than if i were walking in the sun without sunscreen . A hint of brown.Id ask for my money back but hack companies like this probably wouldnt honor it.Do not buy . Its oily and nasty and you will sweat uncontrollably .
 REAL Maui Babe skin oil is wonderful and smells like brown sugar and coffee . I ordered this on Amazon and it smells like soy sauce and does not feel or protect like Maui Babe . This stuff is not sold by Maui Babe and I new I was taking a gamble ordering online . I am convinced this is fake , you never know when you buy though Amazon . I have seen this online and in-store at Ulta so I guess I will buy it there from now on .
 Yes , it does seem like a fake -LRB- remake -RRB- of Maui babe . I have used this product for a few years now -LRB- since I have lived in Hawaii -RRB- and this is NO where near what I had been using ! It 's more like a lotion than an oil ... it streeks white when you get in the water & runs right off . I will not buy from here again ... very disappointed : /
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE REAL MAUI BABE BROWNING LOTION.I WISH I WOULD OF SPENT THE EXTRA FOUR DOLLARS A BOTTLE AND RECEVIED THE ORIGINAL.THE CONSISTENCY , SMELL , FEEL OF THIS PRODUCT IS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE ORIGINAL.IVE BEEN USING THE ORIGINAL FOR SEVERAL YEARS AND I LOVE IT . I RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT AND WILL NEVER USE IT BECAUSE IT STINKS DOES NOT STAY ON SKIN AND HAS VERY LITTLE OIL IN IT .
 Last year I bought Maui Babe directly from the manufacturer and I loved it . I decided to try -LSB- ... -RSB- because the price was much cheaper.Well . I can tell you , it is not the same product . First , the bottles were not sealed . Second , it does not smell like the real thing.Third , it immediately washes off when you go in the water . The real Maui Babe stays on your skin even after bathing , unless you take a shower with soap . This is a fake product ! Next time , I would rather pay more but get the real thing from -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Waste of money . Did not do anything for my hair that a $ 1 product from the grocery store could have achieved . Wish I had thought to send it back !
 Yes , it does seem like a fake -LRB- remake -RRB- of Maui babe . I have used this product for a few years now -LRB- since I have lived in Hawaii -RRB- and this is NO where near what I had been using ! It 's more like a lotion than an oil ... it streeks white when you get in the water & runs right off . I will not buy from here again ... very disappointed : /
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE REAL MAUI BABE BROWNING LOTION.I WISH I WOULD OF SPENT THE EXTRA FOUR DOLLARS A BOTTLE AND RECEVIED THE ORIGINAL.THE CONSISTENCY , SMELL , FEEL OF THIS PRODUCT IS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE ORIGINAL.IVE BEEN USING THE ORIGINAL FOR SEVERAL YEARS AND I LOVE IT . I RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT AND WILL NEVER USE IT BECAUSE IT STINKS DOES NOT STAY ON SKIN AND HAS VERY LITTLE OIL IN IT .
 Last year I bought Maui Babe directly from the manufacturer and I loved it . I decided to try -LSB- ... -RSB- because the price was much cheaper.Well . I can tell you , it is not the same product . First , the bottles were not sealed . Second , it does not smell like the real thing.Third , it immediately washes off when you go in the water . The real Maui Babe stays on your skin even after bathing , unless you take a shower with soap . This is a fake product ! Next time , I would rather pay more but get the real thing from -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Im a guy that is a few shades darker than a normal fair skinned white boy and so i expected this stuff to work really well . After paying through the nose for 2 bottles and 1 day delivery of 60 bucks , i tried this over 4 days . After 4 days , i noticed no difference than if i were walking in the sun without sunscreen . A hint of brown.Id ask for my money back but hack companies like this probably wouldnt honor it.Do not buy . Its oily and nasty and you will sweat uncontrollably .
 REAL Maui Babe skin oil is wonderful and smells like brown sugar and coffee . I ordered this on Amazon and it smells like soy sauce and does not feel or protect like Maui Babe . This stuff is not sold by Maui Babe and I new I was taking a gamble ordering online . I am convinced this is fake , you never know when you buy though Amazon . I have seen this online and in-store at Ulta so I guess I will buy it there from now on .
 As another reviewer stated , this is not the same stuff you receive directly from Maui Babe . I originally ordered a bottle from their website and fell in love with the stuff . I was headed to the beach in 3 days so needed something capable of being overnighted . MauiBabe ships via USPS so this was n't fast enough for me . I turned to Amazon and was shocked by the price difference -LRB- $ 22 for 1 8oz bottle on Maui Babes site , $ 18 for 2 8oz bottles here -RRB- . I ordered the stuff off here and immediately noticed the difference . The labeling is the same , but the product in the bottle is definitely not . The stuff mailed to me from Amazon was way darker and smelled disgusting -LRB- the original stuff smells sweet -RRB- . This stuff had a chemical smell to it . I emailed Amazon questioning why the discrepancy and they just issued me a refund . I did n't ask for one I was just wondering.There is no way this is the same stuff you get directly from the company . This stuff stains your skin -LRB- looks like a self tanner -RRB- while the other stuff does n't . The REAL product is amazing , but whatever they are selling here is not . Do NOT order it from SellThrifty , or any company not Maui Babe Inc. . The product is not authentic.I do credit Amazon for refunding me , however they should n't sell impostor products on here .
 Long Time Browning Lotion user , My bad for reading ALL the reviews . The 5 bottle I ordered in the 4oz size was a repackaged product . Not the same High Quality of Maui Babe 's product . Does NOT come in a SEALED bottle so repackaging is happening here . Probably old and mixed up again . . I would not recommend any product that is re-packaged like this . . BeWare ...
 Recently on a vacation , I purchased a bottle of Maui babe browning lotion . While I was very impressed and very pleased with this bottle , I opted to order more from -LSB- ... -RSB- . The lotion is not the same as the original bottle I bought . Although the bottle looked the same , the contents are not . I would suggest ordering directly from -LSB- ... -RSB- , its a little more expensive , but if you want the same thing , its best to order the original .
 I bought this on the Big Island at the beginning of my trip after reading the great positive reviews here . I wanted to make sure it was worth the $ 15 ! Maybe I got a bad batch , but I 've been in the sun for several days at this point and all it seems to do is make me oily and smell like coffee . I have fair Norwegian skin that does n't typically tan very well . This did n't help at all as far as I 'm concerned - still blotchy and red , just like I always am after being in the sun . I used sunscreen underneath this as well , as recommended . Others claiming a similar complexion claimed it works great ! Disappointing after all of the `` testimonials '' I read here .
 Yes , it does seem like a fake -LRB- remake -RRB- of Maui babe . I have used this product for a few years now -LRB- since I have lived in Hawaii -RRB- and this is NO where near what I had been using ! It 's more like a lotion than an oil ... it streeks white when you get in the water & runs right off . I will not buy from here again ... very disappointed : /
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE REAL MAUI BABE BROWNING LOTION.I WISH I WOULD OF SPENT THE EXTRA FOUR DOLLARS A BOTTLE AND RECEVIED THE ORIGINAL.THE CONSISTENCY , SMELL , FEEL OF THIS PRODUCT IS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE ORIGINAL.IVE BEEN USING THE ORIGINAL FOR SEVERAL YEARS AND I LOVE IT . I RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT AND WILL NEVER USE IT BECAUSE IT STINKS DOES NOT STAY ON SKIN AND HAS VERY LITTLE OIL IN IT .
 Last year I bought Maui Babe directly from the manufacturer and I loved it . I decided to try -LSB- ... -RSB- because the price was much cheaper.Well . I can tell you , it is not the same product . First , the bottles were not sealed . Second , it does not smell like the real thing.Third , it immediately washes off when you go in the water . The real Maui Babe stays on your skin even after bathing , unless you take a shower with soap . This is a fake product ! Next time , I would rather pay more but get the real thing from -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Im a guy that is a few shades darker than a normal fair skinned white boy and so i expected this stuff to work really well . After paying through the nose for 2 bottles and 1 day delivery of 60 bucks , i tried this over 4 days . After 4 days , i noticed no difference than if i were walking in the sun without sunscreen . A hint of brown.Id ask for my money back but hack companies like this probably wouldnt honor it.Do not buy . Its oily and nasty and you will sweat uncontrollably .
 REAL Maui Babe skin oil is wonderful and smells like brown sugar and coffee . I ordered this on Amazon and it smells like soy sauce and does not feel or protect like Maui Babe . This stuff is not sold by Maui Babe and I new I was taking a gamble ordering online . I am convinced this is fake , you never know when you buy though Amazon . I have seen this online and in-store at Ulta so I guess I will buy it there from now on .
 As another reviewer stated , this is not the same stuff you receive directly from Maui Babe . I originally ordered a bottle from their website and fell in love with the stuff . I was headed to the beach in 3 days so needed something capable of being overnighted . MauiBabe ships via USPS so this was n't fast enough for me . I turned to Amazon and was shocked by the price difference -LRB- $ 22 for 1 8oz bottle on Maui Babes site , $ 18 for 2 8oz bottles here -RRB- . I ordered the stuff off here and immediately noticed the difference . The labeling is the same , but the product in the bottle is definitely not . The stuff mailed to me from Amazon was way darker and smelled disgusting -LRB- the original stuff smells sweet -RRB- . This stuff had a chemical smell to it . I emailed Amazon questioning why the discrepancy and they just issued me a refund . I did n't ask for one I was just wondering.There is no way this is the same stuff you get directly from the company . This stuff stains your skin -LRB- looks like a self tanner -RRB- while the other stuff does n't . The REAL product is amazing , but whatever they are selling here is not . Do NOT order it from SellThrifty , or any company not Maui Babe Inc. . The product is not authentic.I do credit Amazon for refunding me , however they should n't sell impostor products on here .
 Long Time Browning Lotion user , My bad for reading ALL the reviews . The 5 bottle I ordered in the 4oz size was a repackaged product . Not the same High Quality of Maui Babe 's product . Does NOT come in a SEALED bottle so repackaging is happening here . Probably old and mixed up again . . I would not recommend any product that is re-packaged like this . . BeWare ...
 Recently on a vacation , I purchased a bottle of Maui babe browning lotion . While I was very impressed and very pleased with this bottle , I opted to order more from -LSB- ... -RSB- . The lotion is not the same as the original bottle I bought . Although the bottle looked the same , the contents are not . I would suggest ordering directly from -LSB- ... -RSB- , its a little more expensive , but if you want the same thing , its best to order the original .
 I bought this on the Big Island at the beginning of my trip after reading the great positive reviews here . I wanted to make sure it was worth the $ 15 ! Maybe I got a bad batch , but I 've been in the sun for several days at this point and all it seems to do is make me oily and smell like coffee . I have fair Norwegian skin that does n't typically tan very well . This did n't help at all as far as I 'm concerned - still blotchy and red , just like I always am after being in the sun . I used sunscreen underneath this as well , as recommended . Others claiming a similar complexion claimed it works great ! Disappointing after all of the `` testimonials '' I read here .
 why would it say `` pack of 6 '' if you 're only going to send one ??? I do n't get it!Your description is very misleading !
 Unfortunately , the product delivered was not what I ordered . I was disappointed upon arrival - only 1 container of fructis gel arrived not a ` pack of 6 ' as indicated .
 I was looking to order this product but after reading the reviews there was a change of mind . A 6 pack would have been OK for the price but almost $ 50.00 for one Garnier is ridiculous . Is this price correct ????
 The info is good . Good designs , but not very archival . The book is n't professionally done . I would n't spend the overpriced amount they want .
 Great product but no longer available except from Ms Hung who seems to have stashed a few spares in her dresser . Whatever you can find will be WAY past the expiration date , dried up and flaky . Do n't buy - go find something else that IS currently available.Oh , and the case that goes with this does not fit ANY other product I have been able to find , including any Shiseido products as of summer 2011 .
 I received this as a gift . It smells like Vicks chest rub , and feels so disgustingly greasy .
 Never received my order ! It 's been more than 30 days . I contacted the seller . I have not received any response , either .
 No matter which profession I seem to choose , I am constantly washing my hands and wearing gloves . I am an EMT , currently work in a kitchen , and have been a lab tech . These hands have been doused in alcohol , bleach , and commercial strength detergent and I 'm only in my early 20s ! My hands have been extremely dry as of late to the point the back of my hands have been turning red , itchy and flaky . I needed a `` real '' fix , not novelty lotion . I was hoping this would do the trick because I 've heard good things about this hand salve.I felt like you could n't get a decent amount without gouging into the product leaving it looking gross . Also , despite furiously rubbing the product into my skin , the product merely sat on top of my hand as a greasy film . The moisturizing was only minimal and my skin remained red and itchy . As much as I prefer wholesome , non-chemically engineered products , this product simply did not work.I actually had to go to bath and body works -LRB- of all places -RRB- and was recommended by the clerk to try True Blue Spa body cream which worked hell of a lot better and was a lot cheaper . I may hate their excessive perfume-y scents , but it says a lot when corny mall lotion works better . This is probably going to sit on a shelf unused for a few years .
 I am loath to leave bad reviews unless well deserved , but Burt 's Bees Hand Salve deserves it . In wintertime , I have problems with extremely dry and chapped hands , to the point where my knuckles are white and my fingertips will split and sometimes bleed next to the nails . I bought this product hoping for some relief , but it simply does not work , even with regular and repeated use . I tried using the salve over the course of several winters , massaging it into my hands for up to a half hour at a time at night , before bed . That much time is necessary because the salve does not penetrate into the skin . I can still feel my chapped skin under the greasy salve . Even after many minutes of rubbing , the greasy feeling does not go away , and I have to rub my hands on my arms and face to try and spread the salve around as much as possible . It does n't matter how much or how little I use ; it is always greasy and never sinks in.I doubt that the problem is with me , because other products , like Vaseline Intensive Care , Lubriderm , Eucerin , etc. all fully absorb into my skin with a bit of rubbing . And when applied , each of those make my skin feel less chapped and noticeably more moist . Even overnight , Burt 's Bees Hand Salve does n't result in significant improvement.I could tolerate the unpleasant smell and the way it leaves my skin a greasy mess -- totally useless for any task -- if the product actually worked . But it does n't . My advice is to spend your money more wisely .
 This is so bad ! VERY GREASY . It was a tiny amount in a small tin -- yes , it says .3 oz but I was desparate for a good product . Do n't buy it -- it 's EXPENSIVE AND DOES NOT WORK !
 I did give it a chance because my skin is very dry and cracked , but this has done nothing for my skin . It is way too greasy for me . I find the smell is not pleasant , and my spouse does n't like me using it because of the smell . The container is difficult to open , and getting the first scrape of salve out was not as easy as it should be . I bought it only because my usual product was not available in that store , and I was curious to try something new .
 I bought this to help with dry patches on my palms and knuckles due to frequent washings and hand sanitizer use during cold & flu season . As soon as I opened it and smoothed a little on the back of my hand , I realized this would be for overnight only use as it is quite greasy and takes time to be absorbed . I 've used it nightly for 2 weeks now and it has n't helped ; I still have dry patches on my palms even though I 've also switched handsoap . I like the thick foot cream and liquid handsoap made by this company , but I just do n't like this product . I wish I 'd spent the money on a hand lotion with shea butter instead .
 I have used and been pleased with other Burt 's Bees products , lip balm , etc. , so when I went looking for something to use to heal dry-cracked fingertips -LRB- I live in the mountain west where we have dry air and bitter winters -RRB- I thought this hand salve should do the trick . But ... when I opened the tin I was faced by what looked like shoe polish or saddle soap . I had to really work to get any out to begin with , and once I had it and started rubbing it into my hands , my hands just kept getting greasier and greasier , with no sign of the salve working its way into my skin . So there I was , sitting in the parking lot after having just applied it , and then not wanting to touch anything!To be fair I did try it more than one time , but my experience the first time was no fluke ! There I was , just sitting there with greasy hands.OK , I hardly ever return anything I buy , even if I 'm only marginally please with it , but this was NOT what I was after . So , back it went.I know that there are other people out there that swear by this product , but it sure did n't work out for me . I then went back to the drawing board and selectedJergens Ultra Healing Lotion 3 oz . . Now that product went on nicely , was n't oily , worked into my skin quickly , and healed my cracked finger tips after only a couple of applications.Sorry , but my experience rated only 1-star .
 NO SENT WILL NOT PURCHASE AGAIN THE PRICE IS HIGH FOR A BAR OF SOAP BUT THEY SHIPPED FINETHE PRODUCT IS NOT GOOD NOT THE SHIPPER
 Distributer sent fake perfume . The bottle says it is made in France but to my knowledge this perfume is made in Spain
 I was so hopeful after reading all of the positive reviews for this cleanser but it was way too drying ! I have sensitive/dry skin and I 'm 20 years old . I started washing with this as directed by the instructions but almost immediately I started getting flakey around my nose area and chin area . I thought maybe my skin would balance out after I kept using it but I was wrong . I developed small bumps on my cheeks and forehead and continued to get really dry/flakey skin . I have stopped using it and even after a week my skin is n't back to what it was before .
 I was unable to use this product as it dried my skin out too much . I would not expect that to have something scent and dye free meant that it would be so harsh .
 This product is suppose to be for sensitive skin but it irritated my skin @ was too drying . This may be good for other people but not for me .
 I had an 18 % salicylic peel done by a professional . The healing process was not bad at all . Some frosting during the peel and moderate dry skin with light brown patches for about 3-4 days after . I got this product based on the rave reviews . I figured I would try it out . I did 4 spot treatments on my face -LRB- 2 on cheek , 2 on chin -RRB- just to see how I would react . Thankfully , I did not coat my entire face . I used a Q-Tip to apply . I left it on for 2 minutes . I had some frosting and moderate tingling , but not bad at all . I washed it off with cold water and a little bit of baking soda to neutralize -LRB- I did not scrub with the baking soda -RRB- . The patches were red and irritated . Fine , ok , that means it worked . To my dismay , I woke up in the morning with significant brown patches . The skin is very dry as expected , but the brown patches were much more noticeable than my professional peel . Luckily I have some Obagi Hydroquinone cream ! I am applying that first , then Polysporin then Cetaphyl . I just hope there is no permanent damage . For all those acne sufferers , go get your peels done by a professional . The gal I went to does the same peels to her face as the ones that she applies on her patients . Good luck and much caution recommended . I will never use this product again . Waste of money .
 I used this twice a week for 6 weeks and did n't notice a difference in my acne at all . My skin got incredibly dry , which is to be expected , but no difference other than that . I 'm disappointed as I read such other great reviews .
 after reading the reviews on this product i felt as if it was worth a buy . when i recieved the product i placed the solution on a scar on my nose for a few minutes , within seconds after i washed it off the scar has turned complete black . Darker then it originally was including areas on my nose that where not dark . its really have left me very self conscious , and disappointed about how dark my scar looks after using this product . i have seen a dermatoligist and am now using a product to try to reverse the affect and bring my orginal pigmentation back to normal . i am African American with a dark skin tone , and this product did not work for me .
 With all the glowing commendations for this product , I figured I could n't go wrong by purchasing it . Wrong , wrong , wrong . I followed the directions ; I did n't leave it on longer than 8 minutes , and I did n't use it more than once a week . I rinsed with cool water and used a noncomodogenic moisturizer afterwards . I did n't lay out in the sun . Now , 6 or 7 weeks later , my skin has never been in such terrible condition . Where I was only having mild breakouts before , my face now resembles that of my acne scarred adolescence . I cringe when I look in the mirror . Please , save yourself some trouble and DO NOT buy this product .
 First , for reference , I am a Black woman with a very dark skin tone who has suffered from moderate to severe acne since my teens.I had such high hopes for this item , but unfortunately it has not worked for me . i used the peel exactly as directed and from the begining my skin has reacted horribly . I broke out worse than ever with deep painful acne . Reading all of the glowing reviews and the exhortations to stick it out , i continued to use the product once a week for eight weeks , hoping that the impurities in my skin were just working their way out and i would eventually stabalize . Not the case . The acne got worse and i developed dark scarring . Six weeks later , under the care of a dermatoligist specializing in people of color , my skin has mainly returned to the pre-peel state as far as the breakouts are concerned . The scarring , however , has not diminished and I do n't know if it will . I used to not wear foundation , but now I feel i can not leave the house without it . My skin tone is so uneven that I have become very self-concious . PLEASE - if you have a darker skin tone , are prone to scarring or hyperpigmentation , consult a professional before putting this product on your skin . Generally the more melanin in your skin the more likely you are to scar . i really wish i had never used this product .
 This did not work for me . I tried it exactly how instructions showed and even though it made me break out more i stuck with it for months , in the end it just did not work . I had tons of little pimples all over my face worse than before .
 Ive tried a lot of products and this one didnt really work for me ... I read other peoples reviews and was excited but didnt clear up much and I stop using it
 I got this product thinking it would help with my adult acne . However , after months of using it , feeling the burn and never seeing any results in reduction of pimples after using up the entire bottle , I decided not to purchase anymore . Did n't work for me .
 I really wanted this to work for my skin - combination skin with tiny pimples in the TZone plus occasional large zits . I applied it regularly -LRB- as instructed -RRB- for almost 3 months . I was hoping it would eliminate my tiny pimples , reduce breakouts of the larger zit and even my skin tone . This is what happened to me :1 . Yes , I felt like I built up a tolerance2 . Yes , I experienced initial redness3 . Yes , I experienced peeling a few days later4 . No , I did not find my skin tone evening out or my acne clearing up . if anything , this seemed to completely confuse my skin , throwing it completely out of wack and triggering more breakouts.What did work - sticking with a gentle routine of cleaning with a mild ph cleaner and applying an oilfree lotion with 2 % salicylic acid . If anything , I might apply this on a larger zit , but beyond that , I do n't think this is the best thing for my entire face . I think the acid in this is even higher than the wart remover Compund W !
 I am an esthetician and have experience with many types of acid products . My mistake was purchasing something from a company i am not familiar with . I read the instructions and found it odd that the recommendation for removing the acid was by using water . Generally you must neutralize any acid then remove it with a warm cloth . But i decided to follow the instructions . I left this product on for only about 5 minutes and it was burning my face so i started to put cool water on my face , as i suspected the acid was not coming off and was , in fact , burning even more.I luckily had a neutralizer product on hand and was able to save my skin . I gave this product 1 star not because it does not work but because the company is selling it to anyone who wants it and they are not giving good and safe instructions on use and removal of this product . It is now 4 days since i have used this product and i have been dealing with some terrible peeling spots on my face . If you decide to purchase this product please also purchase a pH neutralizing product and have it ready so that you can properly remove this acid . Better yet , buy form a reputable company that can give good and accurate instructions .
 Before I purchased this item -LRB- Salicylic Acid 20 % Gel Peel , 30ml -LRB- Professional -RRB- -RRB- , I thought I would be a part of the 90 % success story I found on Amazon . This product is an amazing product , but not for me . I am a biracial -LRB- african american/korean -RRB- with oily , mild adult acne skin . I thought I had it bad , but now its worst than ever.About a month and a half ago , I received this product by mail and relieved that I would get the beautiful skin I used to have when I was back in my teens . Since the tender age of 20 , I broke out all over my face and there was n't a product out in the market that could give me the clear skin I have longed for . I found this product on Amazon and expecting a miracle ! Man was I wrong ... The first time I used this product , I followed the instructions to the letter , I washed my face with Cetaphil soap , used a toner , and then the peel . I only had the product for a minute the first time and I immediately rinsed with cold water . After , I mosturized with SPF face lotion and I went on my merry way . Let me take a moment to add that I used a product called Atralin given to me by the dermatologist . They told me that all the toxins in my skin will rise up to the surface but in about three months , I will see visibly clear skin . I stopped using the product after about a week because it burned and made my skin so dry and crusty that I did n't want horrible looking skin . Well , this product created bumps on either side of my jaw . They were not pimples , just dirt underneath the skin that was in the process of breaking the surface . I quit the product before these bumps could form into pimples.Back to the results , the peel destroyed all the existing pimples a lot quicker than any other acne product on the market . Furthermore , the bumps I mentioned earlier were now turning into pimples which were going away just as quickly as it would come . The length of time the peel has been on my face has been increased a minute with each use , and the peel is applied every 5-7 days as recommended . After the third or fourth peel , I finally saw a glimpse of the beautiful skin I once had ! That succes was short lived , the week after , I broke out -LRB- still breaking out -RRB- with volcanic-like pimples that are ready to erupted . I paid no attention to the pimples when I first started the peel because there was a stage that reviewers mentioned that it would get worst before it got better . I am going on my seventh peel and I do n't know if I have graduated from that stage yet ??? I have 7 larger pimples , 3 small pimples , and many bumps on my face . To add insult to injury , my jaw has been covered with scars from the pimples that erupted on my jawline . The pimples are coming back so fast before the scars would disappear . I think I could pass for Frankinstein 's little sister , twice removed ! By the way , I DID NOT PEEL AT ALL THE ENTIRE TIME USING THE PRODUCT ! Which I think was a blessing in disguise or a curse . My face is just getting worst with pimples and multiple scars from those pimples and I am not sure if I 've weathered the storm or should I just quit.If anyone has had similar results like mine and have continued using it and it eventually got better , please let me know . I have been avoiding all mirrors as much as possible because I cant stand the sight of my face :0 -LRB- . Please NOTE , the product is producing more pimples than I have ever seen in a lifetime , that is not to say the the peel itself is damaging my face -LRB- i.e. chemical burn , spots , excessive drying , etc. -RRB- . Please comment -LRB- without insult -RRB- of methods or your personal story . The product does state that it will not always get immediate results and that it make take up to 8th or 9th peels before real results are shown!Lastly , I hope this review has shined some light on people who are experienceing the same thing as me :0 -RRB-
 So , It 's been about a month I 've been using this product and I have n't noticed any noticeable results in fact last week I left it for around 5 minutes on my face and my hyper pigmentation turned darker . So frustrated right now .
 It 's hard to find a product nowadays that receives such high reviews , especially when the product is inexpensive and deals with a sensitive issue -LRB- appearance -RRB- . After reading the reviews here on Amazon and researching Salicyclic Acid 20 % on the internet , the believeable consensus is that this peel works very well . I was completely sold.After receving the product I tried it for the recommended time with nothing during , nor days after , the application.Frustrated , I left the peel on my skin the next application for over half an hour with no response . No redness , tingling , peeling , nothing - and obviously no results.I am kind of in shock about how this product , if anything , is n't for beginners , but for me is like putting water on my skin.While I am dumbfounded , the product did absolutely nothing for me , not even negative things.Who knows , maybe I have skin as tough as nails .
 I think I 've begun to give up hope on any helpful products for my acne . I 've been through many 3-step acne product lines including AcneFree , Clinique Acne Solutions , and others that either irritated my skin or just did n't help at all . I do n't think I 'd want to see the total amount of money I 've spent trying to find something to combat this annoying skin ailment during the past two years.This was kind of my last test on trying to correct my face . As expected , I saw no results from this product . I 've used this about three weeks , and I did not expect some dramatic miracle , but seeing nothing positive happen is just a disappointing . Only reason I gave it two stars is because it did n't damage my face or produce any bad side effects . It just had no effect at all , positive or negative . My tolerance to the stinging sensation grew quickly , and I did not go through any peeling . Acne did n't subside , it just carried on its normal routine . My blackheads remained and my pores did not seem smaller after use either.These products make me consider going into the skincare business . As a single consumer , I 've spent hundreds on facial products that produce no results . It 's a great industry to make money I bet . If I see any positive results after continuous use of this product , I will be sure to update my review to a proper rating .
 I have fair , sensitive skin and this product has done nothing . In reviews people spoke of heavy peeling and nice skin tone after a while . I got 0 peeling and no change in skin . I left the product on for 10 mins , felt a little stinging and had a little redness using it but after about an hour the redness would fade .
 I had such high hopes for this product . In fact , before I purchased it I told everyone I 'd found this amazing peel on Amazon but I take that back.I wo n't advise anyone to stay away from the product as it obviously worked for many people . I 'm african american with a medium complexion . I have combination skin with blocked pores and dark marks all over my face from acne . I used this product for 4 weeks , once every 5 days and the only outcome was incredibly dry/old looking skin even if I used a good moisturizer . All of the marks on my skin are now darker than they were prior to using the product and it did nothing to combat acne . I did n't leave the product on for more than 4 minutes yet the last and final time I did , the skin on my chin burned off leaving bruises.For me , it was n't worth it .
 I 've been using this product for 5-weeks . Honestly , my skin looks the same . The only time I had any peeling was when I got a little peel happy and applied Alpha Hydroxy on off days . YES ! I know . Not everyone will experience peeling all the time , and not that I really wanted that . I just wanted ... something . Granted , I only spent $ 18.95 . I should have known better . Bah .
 Save some money . Crush up an aspirin and add a little water to make an aspirin mask . Saliclyic acid is the key ingredient in aspirin .
 I tried using this because i was getting adult acne on my chin -LRB- large recurring zits right before my monthly cycle -RRB- . All this product has done is severely dry out my skin rather than prevent or treat acne . If you 're looking for a way to get rid of premenstrual zits , What i 've found to be more effective is to ice the zit immediately when you start to feel it forming under the surface . In addition to icing it , i also push the zit down while icing it , repeating that 3 times daily , but you have to start doing that before the zit has time to get bigger . I also put benzoyl peroxide spot cream on it . I 've also noticed an improvement and less breakouts since i 've been exercising 30 min a day several days a week , drinking more water and adding more raw fruits and vegetables to my diet , also taking low doses of vitamin B5 -LRB- pantothenic acid -RRB- supplements which is supposed to help balance hormones during that time of the month .
 My son and I both have used this peel many times , and it really did n't seem to make much of a difference for either of us . Used over 2 mos , and no real change . Definitely will not buy again . Unlike the peels purchased and used by Skin Obsession , this just was n't worth the time or money .
 This stuff did not get rid of my acne or improve my scars . In fact , it exacerbated both ! What a total rip off . For professional results , I think that you just need to go to the professionals .
 Well I 'm 18 years old and I barely get pimples . My face is almost completely clear most of the time , but recently I 've been getting some pimples hear and there . . nothing big though . So I used this product to get rid of the pimples and I 've only been applying it to the pimple areas and not my entire face since its already clear ... So far I 've never had any peeling around the pimple area and I 've been using large amounts for up to 7 minutes and this is my third time using it . Basically what happens is that the pimples became much smaller and turn redish when the acid is applied . After water is applied it turns extremely white . Is this suppose to happen ? Afterwards when I dry the water out , the pimples become darkish . So basically this product turns the big pimples into dark more scattered pimples that look worse than starting . Maybe I should n't be using this . Also I wanted to know if I could use this for my back?Update
 This product completely burnt my skin and left me with 4 different black scars here and there.Now , I might have to go for a laser treatment to recover my skin color.Worst product ever used . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 After reading all kinds of glowing reviews for this product , I was eager to try it ! I followed the instructions carefully , using it about once a week and starting with just one minute of time on my skin , and gradually working my way up to about 7 minutes.I have some minor acne , and a problem with clogged pores , but unfortunately this product did not seem to clear my skin at all , even after several months of use.PROS
 I 've never really thought of myself as having sensitive skin , but this peel HURT . The burning was tough to handle , so I would only leave it on for about 2 minutes each time . -LRB- The directions say to start off with 1 minute at a time so it 's not like I put on an inadequate amount . -RRB- I used this product for 5 weeks , once a week , and did n't see much of a difference in my skin . Perhaps the people giving this 5 stars are putting it on more frequently and for longer , but they have extraordinary tolerance -LRB- or fried facial nerves . -RRB- I have now stopped using the peel , and there has n't been any change . What a flop .
 I used this product exactly as instructed when it came . I used for about a month with applications every 4 days . I Liked the effects from the initial couple of peels . Then like others I broke out with painful cystic acne after the 3rd peel . I wanted to muscle through this period reading that this will clear up eventually and I would have pushed through this period , however , I ended up having a disturbing side effect from this peel . Now , not only do I have acne scars , acne and clogged poors on the left side of my face -LRB- this is my only problem area for some reason -RRB- I now have a white spot of discoloration . I beleive this occured b/c I went into the sun a few days after a peel for only about 10 mins without sun block . I felt it was n't worth the side effects to continue . I 'm not sure when this discoloration will get back to normal , but it 's been 2 months and I think it will be here to stay : -LRB-
 I went to school for Esthetics so I have been subjected to `` the real deal '' I felt as though my skin looked/felt great the very next day but through-out the week there was nothing . Usually with peels your skin gets better day by day.I probably wont purchase this particular peel again unless I go for a higher level .
 I have combination oily & dry skin & I used this product 3-4x / week starting the 3rd week & used it regularly for almost 6 weeks & did n't really see any results . Had to stop when I moved because the new place has almost 0 humidity & this peel made my skin super dry . But my main complaint is that unfortunately for me , it did n't seem to have made much of a difference after 5 weeks . But then again , other products have n't really worked either , so I think it may be a hormonal issue & I 'm trying birth control pills to see if they will help control my crazy hormone imbalance -LRB- my acne actually got worse now in my 20s -RRB- . I may try it again whenever I visit friends & family in humid areas just to see if it 'll work later , or just to maintain my skin when it 's finally clear .
 I started to apply it from forehead as the instruction says but I felt a strong sting immediately . However , I continued to apply onto my nose and then to my right chin . During this time , I felt such a strong sensation on my nose that I could n't bare . I stopped and immediately wash my face using cold water continually for quite a few minutes because the sensation could not go away . I was so afraid of scaring my face that I could n't go to work the next day . After washing my face for a long while using cold water , I also applied a thick moisturizing mask on my face for over 45 min . Finally the whitness around my nose went away . Luckily my face was not scared but I felt very tightness and dryness around my nose now.My face is oily and combination and has some acnes especially during the summer . My face is a bit sensitive sometimes but not overly sensitive . I saw the good reviews and wanted to remove the acnes and acne marks by purchasing this product . However , for some reason it does not work on my face and I have to return it today .
 This product gave me horrible , cystic , swollen painful deep acne breakouts . In addition to loads of tiny pimples all over . Do n't know if its Salicylic acid itself or if its the company 's formulation . Either way , will not use this again , and wo n't even take the chance of buying anything from this brand .
 I do n't have sensitive skin and had no problem tolerating the product , but I did n't see any difference with my acne . My pores may be smaller now , but it 's hard to tell . I would n't purchase it again .
 I 've noticed that SkinLab will respond to comments on Amazon , so this review/question is directed toward their representative : I 've been using the Salycylic Acid peel for about a month now with one application a week , and at this point I do n't know if I should continue the treatment.My goals for the peel were to speed the fading of past acne scars on my cheeks , reduce the size of the pores in my T-zone and improve overall complexion . With that said , I 've found that the peel is not painful for me -- it just barely stings -- but the results I 've gotten so far are the complete opposite of my goals ! My skin is now * extremely * dry , flakey and old , and I 've developed acne !! I have acne in areas on my face where I NEVER get acne , and it just wo n't stop . I looked in the mirror this morning and nearly cried at how blotchy , bumpy and spotted my skin is . I 've also noticed that a dark patch of skin has developed over my past acne scars.I 've read reviews that state that skin will get worse and may develop acne before it gets better , but I need to ask for a professional opinion . Judging from my current state , should I tough it out and continue the use of this peel or stop now while my skin is still salvageable ? -LRB- FYI , the acne developed around the third week of use . From what I can tell , it is not cystic acne and is not painful . -RRB-
 I used this a few months ago , left it on for about 3-4 minutes and then washed off with copious amounts of cold water just like the instructions indicated . I 'm an Asian-Indian in my late 20s with tan/oily skin and mild acne . I would * HIGHLY * encourage washing off this peel with normal BAKING SODA mixed with water . I do n't know why the instructions do n't require the use of baking soda , but water alone will NOT wash this off quickly enough . Therefore , if you have ` frosting ' , the baking soda will neutralize it rather than allowing it to burn/blemish/scar deeply.After washing off , there was some small areas that ` frosted ' , meaning that it was still WHITE . I tried to wash it more and more but it would n't come off . Eventually , I developed a DARK , DARK , DARK blemish on the right side of my nose.The blemish still remains almost 4 months later . I ca n't get rid of it!Also , this leaves my skin feeling and looking very ` wrinkled ' the next few days . Some reviews indicate that the skin will peel afterwards , but mine did n't peel properly so the damaged skin remained.Now I read some reviews suggesting that the entire face should ` frost ' . Are you guys serious ?! My experience with frosting is that it 's equivalent to burning and scaring . ** For those who have good results with ` frosting ' , please elaborate in the comments and indicate your type of skin , ethnicity and skin color . These are personal details but very important when using this product . This product can otherwise be very dangerous , even if left on for a few minutes ! **
 I read all the reviews and a lot of professional sites that all said this was a great product and the recovery time would be negligible . I read several that said the title of `` Peel '' was facetious as most people do n't actually notice any skin peeling ; others said that the skin would peel the first 48 hours and then look so much better.I 'm here at day seven and my face is still peeling . It seems as though I 've lost four layers of dermis . I followed the directions explicitly , and only left it on for a little over a minute . I 've never had a problem with dry skin or excessive peeling outside of sun damage . After using this product , my face feels tight and dry no matter how much moisturizer I use.I 'm still hoping for that glow everyone is talking about , but at this point my hope is dwindling . I 'm glad this product has worked so well for others , but for me it seems to be a bust .
 I suffer from mild acne and I have brown spots . I used this product for approximately 2 weeks . It burns and it did nothing for my skin .
 After using product as directed , and even increasing the length of time that product stayed on skin , I saw NO DIFFERENCE ! Very disappointed !
 It would have work if it did n't cause me to breakout all over my face . At fist I thought it was just normal breakout . A couple here and there then by the second week I had pimples all over my face which I never had . I decided to discontinue using it and my face started to clear . I had such high hope for this product .
 I think i hurt my skin after using this . Just after first use , there are dark patches and dark spots on my nose and forehead . Im hoping they will go.Not using this now . Please hope the dark spots and dark patches will goUPDATE 16th July 2012I can now confirm this has given me lot of black spots on my face.These spots WONT GO away with time.How sad.All the money effort now has gone into spoiling my face.This also created a CRATER on the side of my nose which probably will never go ! Please help me with treatment for the dark spots .
 Ive used this product for about 31/2 months and did n't see a lick change my acne stayed horrible the entire 31/2 months of use and I used it twice a week I kept in denial thinking it 'll have to start working soon ! Also I 'm not one of those other reviewers saying `` boohoo I 'm too much of a puss to handle the pain so in giving it no stars '' that 's not it , trust me in a female mix martial artist in conditioning , so i can handle pain.With all the raving reviews i thought it has to work soon ! I was wrong . But as soon as i stopped using it my acne slowed down tremendously , I 'm starting to think it was the reason my acne never left those months , I understood that other reviewers said you 'll break out before it gets better , well , I broke out but never got better ! I kept ATLEAST 6-13 pimples every single day for 3months straight using this product & I 'm not exaggerating . I was so sure it was going to work i took pics of my face 1-2 times a week to track the `` progress '' I thought was going to happen , instead i just have 3months worth of horrible acne pics of my face ! I was going to make a youtube video of the progress but Since their wasnt Theres no point . If you 've used salicylic in the past and it did n't work for you , it probably wo n't now , What really cleared my acne up to this day is acne.org 's regimen & their products , benzoyl peroxide works for my face , not salicylic , now that I know that I wo n't be touching this product . & i did follow the instructions on this too , also I believe it made the acne scars on my cheeks even darker ! Horrible product to use , if salicylic acid based products did n't work for u in the past do n't buy this !! Try benzoyl or AHA . If you still plan on buying this I will say if you applying it and having it on your face is a painful bitch wait till you splash water on your face , It 's more painful getting it off then having it on !! Something I saw no other reviewers really put .
 I did n't place this review since I needed to see if I 'll see result soon . So , after almost four weeks , using this product as directed , NO RESULT FOUND YET , except it bursn when you apply it ! I would not recomment this product to anyone at all , another money making `` quick '' solution for flawless skin ? NOT happy !
 I put a lot of hope in this product . I did n't expect it to magically eliminate all of the spots that the acnes have left on my face , but I expect a gradual change . In the first month , I did not see clear changes . One disappeared but the other came up . Having read other reviews , I assume it would happen . After 1-2 months , I stopped and started using Origins -LRB- serum + moisturizer -RRB- and my skin was making much better progress.Last week , I try to combine the together . I used the peel and then put on the correction serum , then moisturizer . Now I have 3 visits from spots , all of them dark and kinda hurt . Assuming Origins was really effective , I have nothing to blame but the peel . I 'm not sure if I should continue it or the spots will get worse ... Demographics
 Have been using this weekly for the past month on my daughter who suffers from back acne with sevre scaring . On first application she felt no stinging and did not peel -LRB- left it on for 7 minutes -RRB- . Did a follow-up days later and while I noticed some frosting on her back - she still has not peeled and she started breaking out more . Sheesh!While it 's working for some ... definitely did not work for us . I received the instructions and followed them to the tee -LRB- cleaned her back , wiped down with alcohol , applied the peel , rinsed with cold water and applied a liquid skin neutralizer , moisturizer and sun screen -RRB- . Absolutely nothing ! Very disappointed ...
 I have used glycolic peels in the past and have used up to a 50 % strength with no problems . I accidentally ordered the salicylic 20 % peel by accident -LRB- I thought I was ordering the glycolic -RRB- and was disappointed at my mistake when I received the product . After reading other reviews and how mild the product was I decided to use the product anyway.BIG MISTAKE ! I used the treatment on my chin/cheek area . I do n't think I left the product on for more then 30 seconds . As soon as I put it on , my face was on fire . When I looked in the mirror I had several white patches on my face . I washed the peel off and still had the white patches . When I woke up the next morning , I had thick brown scabs all over my face . The biggest scab was on my chin and was about the size of a silver dollar . My skin felt so dry and it was painful to talk or make expressions . I practically hid for a week and was so thankful my boyfriend was out of town that week.Needless to say I will never use this product again . Please beware of this product - it is not as gentle as everyone states and I do not have sensitive skin as I 'd never had a problem with any glycolic peels .
 `` Had to return it . After only 30 seconds on my face , I knew it was a VERY strong acid . Rinsed it off and that made the burning worse . Looked like I had a severe sunburn for a week and the peeling -LRB- which I guess it 's supposed to do -RRB- was out of control . I recommend using only the 0.025 % or 0.05 % tretinoin gel to facilitate a gentler cell turn-over . It can be purchased real cheap on the web . DO NOT buy this product , it is not worth the chance of getting a chemical burn like so many reviewers have had ! If you have acne , that is what a dermatologist is for -LRB- and they can give you Accutane , which despite the negative publicity is the one-and-only 100 % miracle cure -RRB- The bottom line
 I bought this product to help even out some redness and solve mild acne . NOTHING ... it burned a little after being on for 15 minutes , but once I rinsed I could n't tell any difference in my skin , nor could I after 2 weeks of using this product every other day ! What a scam !
 this is NOT lotion or skin . . this is Medical product . .20 % is not low position . 5 % and more is very serious to your skin . . Carefully consider to use . .
 I tried this product for four times . It really ruined my skin . This is the worst product i have ever bought . i hope my person experience can help you deeply think before you attempt to buy this product .
 Is Salicylic Acid 20 % Gel Peel save for pregnant women ?? I used it 3 times with Neutralizer skin pH balancer and Iam pregnant in the first month , now I am freaking out
 this gel did not made my skin peel or even my skin tonei 've seen little results of pore minimizing and THATS it
 I have received salicylic peels 20 % from the dermatologist office with great results - full peel within 7 days and no additional acne . The dermatologist version did not require neutralizing . I have used this stuff at least three times with no success - no peeling and each time I have experienced worst breakouts than I did previous to using . I left the solution on my skin 3 - 15 minutes . I am not sure that this formulation is right for my African American skin .
 I was very excited about trying this product -LRB- I 'm in my mid twenties and am starting to notice early signs of aging skin , despite taking good care of my face and staying out of the sun -RRB- . Unfortunately , after using the product a second time , I developed red , bumpy skin around my chin that still has not gone away -LRB- it 's been seven weeks as of today , Nov 30 -RRB- . UPDATE Feb 5th 2013
 I have had this product for several months and while I really wanted to love this product , It just does n't seem to work for me.At best , this product works `` okay '' as a spot treatment -LRB- maybe a 6 out of 10 -RRB- . Sometimes I can apply it at night to a developing pimple and the next day it will be gone , but other times , I will apply it at night and the pimple will still develop the next day . It works best on `` mild '' pimples , which is disappointing because I bought this hoping to reduce the appearance of what I like to call my monster pimples -LRB- cystic pimples -RRB- . It seems to have little to no effect on these.I have tried using this product as a full-face peel and it is one of the most painful experiences I have ever put my face through . As the directions instructed , the first time I tried the full face peel , I kept it on for one minute and I was in absolute agony the entire minute . My eyes teared , my nose ran , it felt like I was holding my face over an open flame . I was terrified I had burned my skin . Fortunately , it only felt like I had and while a little red , my face was not drastically damaged . My skin did build a small tolerance over time and I could stand up to 6 minutes with this peel on my face ; however , keeping this on my face for so long resulted in my skin peeling between my eyes and around my nose and mouth . Peeling so badly that I could moisturize in the morning and half-way through the day , I could touch my chin and find flakes on my fingers . It was very embarrassing . I realize these are sensitive areas ; however , these are the areas I get white/black heads and I as hoping this peel would help reduce these , since it was n't working on my cystic pimples . Nope . My skin peeled , but the white and black heads remained.I am a 20-something woman with combination skin and have what I consider mild-moderate acne on my face -LRB- the rest of my skin is perfect -RRB- . Maybe this is for people with oily skin , or severe acne , or mild acne , or something that I do n't have . I have stopped using this because for me it causes more damage than it fixes .
 This product is WAY overpriced , please do not order from here because you will be getting ripped off by far , this product sells at Nordstrom or -LSB- ... -RSB- for only $ 36.00 !!! Ya thats it ! It is an excellent product and I use it as a moisturizer for my face and it smells really good , kind of like cucumber/melon . The product gets 5 stars , the price ? Well they dont allow you to give zero stars but that would be my 1st choice
 This mascara did n't do anything special for my lashes -- definitely did not `` lift '' or curl them , nor even enhance them . It is very dry and drying and really hard to remove .
 My son has eczema and we bought this product based on the reviews and description . He had some sort of reaction to it and broke out exacerbating his eczema ... so please try it on a small area first if you are using it for eczema .
 I have Seborrheic Dermatitis , so I tried this product twice a day for a month but it did n't work at all .
 not what i thought it would do.my son was verry dissapointed . . hade no resolts on his skin.DermaZinc Cream - 4 oz
 Product actually made my skin worse not better . I know with an issue like Dermatitis each person may react differentlybut this product did not work for me . It actually made my skin more red and flakey and now I am having to find a productthat will help erase the new damage done ...
 I thought my face was red before -LRB- seb derm -RRB- , but it was much brighter red -LRB- and inflamed -RRB- after using this product for 2 days . What a waste of money !
 I bought this product for girlfriend who diligently used it four times a day a for a week . This pretty much used up the entire container and we noticed zero improvement . Sad . With lofty reviews for this product , we were hoping for more .
 product was one month from expiring and was not useful at all . wasted money entirely , be sure to check expiration or ask before purchasing ! Bought reg product from other site and 100x better and wo n't expire til 2014 . very disappointed .
 I 've bought this product for 5 years now . I bought some recently only to find the company has reformulated this once-trusted product . It now smells like some kind of rose water -LRB- prior having a more woodsy , seemingly less intentional scent . -RRB- It also is now a different color and consistency . The product I love is not this product . What a disappointment .
 After about two weeks of use these trimmers started making an unusual noise and stopped cutting hair properly . I would not recommend these to anyone to use for anything .
 Amazon website stated in stock and Delivery estimate October 19 2007 - October 24 2007 on order , well within our vacation period . Received a mail stating a dely so posted many emails stating our departure date and request that if they were unable to meet this date then to cancel the unfulfilled order . No replies from world wide were ever received and no help received from AMAZON . Worldwide failed to be honest or reply to emails - we lost $ 62.48 ! An internet company that is not contactable - Beware !!
 Product arrived in a timely fashion and is lovely in it 's presentation . The fragrance is OK but not what I would call a favorite . Gave to a friend who likes it a lot more than I do . Boudoir has an old-fashioned , cloying type of scent . This is not a WOW fragrance ! I was looking for a subtle yet elegant fragrance like Allure by Chanel or an even sweeter more heady fragrance like Organza by Givenchy . These I recommend highly . Sorry , Boudoir was just not to MY liking . I would not use even if I received it as a gift .
 I can barely smell the rose scent - it 's very diluted . The smell also changes to something very unpleasant on the skin , hair or anything else that 's being sprayed on after a while . Wo n't purchase again .
 This is no longer manufactured by Heritage House -- it 's now manufactured by something called `` Seychelles Organics , Inc. '' and it 's no good anymore . There 's no rose scent whatsoever -- it 's just plain water . Do yourself a favor and do n't spend money on this . It 's just like plain spring water in a spray bottle . Very disappointing .
 I love the fragrance called Eau D Eden by Cacharel . I bought it in Paris when travelling there . So I thought I would try the internet to buy some more . -LRB- It is not available in Australia -RRB- . I was sent a fragrance called Eden even though I ordered Eau D Eden and that was on the order form . When I tried to get the correct item all the company would do was to refund the difference in price . So I am left with a product that I do not like and will never use .
 A loser ! I bought this for my girl , she wanted to give it a try -LRB- though she is devoted to Origins and some Avon -RRB- Simply put , this product DOES NOT do as claimed and caused her a horrible red patchy area which hurt . If you want to take care of your skin and NOT IRRITATE it avoid being swindled into buying this at your department store .
 Looked great at first . Then , within a few weeks , turned black along the wooden base near the bristles , on both sides . Would not respond to bleach . Also , it 's too small . Feels like a children 's size .
 Do n't know what product the first reviewer was rating but it could not have been this particular nail brush . The bristles on this brush become extremely soft once wet . Would be better off using an old toothbrush to brush underneath nails . Mine has gone into the trash !
 I ca n't say as I 'm too impressed with this for the price and description do n't quite match as far as I 'm concerned . It smells more like coconut and vanilla which is okay because I like both but I was counting on the chocolate aroma and I smell none . It will make a good enough hand and body lotion but I will not reorder .
 I spent over $ 60 on this item and have to throw it away . When it arrived it was way too big for my head and I have a normal size head . The clips would have had to fasten in my front temples.Next it said you can take it to a hair dresser to cut to perferred length , however the way they did the waves if you cut it then there are no more waves just untamed hair . It is too shiny . . looks like doll hair.and you can not return it after you try it on
 Product was not what advtg or shown . I wanted only a color spray which I had to buy somewhere else . Amazon refunded me the total price and gave me a creditfor the return shipping costs because the seller `` BYPLE '' would not refund the shipping costs
 Lancome Absolue is a great product but be aware that you are buying an OLD bottle of lotion . Amazon is displaying the new packaging but sends you lotion in the OLD packaging which is a couple years old . If you do n't mind using a product in the old packaging , you can get it a few dollars cheaper on another amazon page , -LSB- ... -RSB- I 'm sure the lotion on this page is okay but I would like to get what I see .
 After reading the reviews , most a year old , I called and asked its the product was current as shown in the photo . Amazon said yes . I ordered it and it was if fact the old bottle and it smelled very bad . -LRB- SPF spoils -RRB- Amazon did however refund my $ . This is normally an excellent product that I would give 5 stars , but unless the stock has recently changed , buy it at the dept. store .
 The product i received was not the same product that was shown in the picture and i would like to see if i could exchange it .
 Yikes ! I was thrilled to find this product still available , but it is NOT the same nostalgic scent I was longing for . You never forget your first scent . I doused myself in it and it smells like bug spray ! My husband thought I had applied sunscreen on , not knowing what it was . Not for me .
 I ordered this product and instead of receiving a shears with an offset handle , I received shears with a straight handle instead . I am very disappointed that I did not receive what I ordered . I have contacted Amazon / Discount Jungle to see if I can exchange this for what the picture says it is .
 I was looking forward to using this soap as I love the smell of almond , but I ended up throwing it out after the third time I used it . It smells lovely and is a really nice size bar , but the grains in the soap just tore up my skin . You really do n't notice the grains much the first time you use it , but by the third time it was really uncomfortable . And I never thought of my skin as particularly sensitive . The soap also leaves grains in the tub , so it 's probably best used in the shower if you like this type of soap .
 I have a busy nail salon in WI ... this nail dryer did a good job while it lasted . However the bushings went bad and it sound like a tank ... only had it for about 7 months and I can no longer use it on clients .
 I 'm an owner of a salon that bought this dryer from Amazon because it was cheaper than in the professional catalog . As soon as I turned it on everyone realized we would have to return it because it has a loud obnoxious fan . Maybe they 're not all like that but I would n't want to try exchanging it . What 's funny is the smaller dryer from Profiles works just fine . I bought both but will only be returning the dual hand dryer . I just wanted to warn anyone else who might be purchasing this to use in the public .
 I was disappointed in this dryer . I have natural nails and was more concerned with the cool air option . What attracted me to the unit was that it was a 2 hand dryer.The air ouput -LRB- or lack of -RRB- was terrible . You can get better air output with a small desktop fan for under $ 10 . The unit is also noisy . For the $ 63 I paid , I really expected a more solid product.One thing the website does n't tell you is , the UV light does n't operate while in the pedicure position . Also , the website states the UV light will work with the cool air option and that 's incorrect . You have to select warm air -LRB- for acrylic nails -RRB- for the UV light to come on.Returned the unit and then had to pay shipping both ways . $ 25 mistake . Read the reviews carefully before buying .
 It 's been 6 months since I bought the dryer and it 's already making a weird sound . Wish I had read the reviews before wasting my money .
 When my mother in law asked me what I wanted for Christmas I told her to get me this . She said she was n't going to get it so I bought it myself . To my surprise at Christmas , she bought me this product . This was n't a product shipped from amazon so I contacted the seller and the would not let me return one b/c it was purchased over 30 days prior to when I received it . The product does n't seem to work that great either . I 've used it a couple times but find it easier to just let my toe nails dry as I walk around the house doing chores instead of having to sit still under the dryer ...
 How are they selling 20 year old lipstick ?? GROSSI loved it back in the day , it was an awesome texture , looked very pretty . But that was 20 years ago!That has to be some kind of consumer product law violation . Blech .
 I have the real one and it 's amazing . This one is not the same ! It 's fake or reformulated . It 's more synthentic and missing warm and sexy scent . Very upset with my purchase .
 The taste and texture were horrible and the color was exactly the same as the Black Cherry I already own -LRB- black tube instead of gold -RRB- . I was very disappointed and unable to return the product . It was a complete waste of money .
 please do n't buy this it 's not worth the wait plus it smell so bad that i put it inside the trash bag really do n't waste ur money plz .
 I had read rave reviews of this product on other sites . It was also recommended by my hair stylist , who really knows his products . Unfortunately it just did n't work for me . I was ready to stop highlighting my hair and trying to blend in all the old blond streaks while my natural brown grew back in ... if you 've got fine , porous hair , be prepared for the possibility that this stuff just wo n't `` stick , '' especially if any bleaching or chemical processes have weakened your hair . It was worth trying ... definitely a good alternative to expensive salon processes .
 It was not dark enough . I have been wearying black berry and black orchard for a very long time , two of my favorite lipsticks . I found that it was not dark enough . I just so happen to go into a five dollars store , someplace I do n't generally go and they just so happen to have the perfect color , five left , and I bought all five . I never wore the lipstick I purchase from you again after I found the one I really wanted .
 The lipstick is old and on the verge of being rancid . I 'm very disappointed in the product and I wasted a lot of money since I bought four of them .
 The lipstick is old and on the verge of being rancid . I 'm very disappointed in the product and I wasted a lot of money since I bought four of them .
 Its such pretty color on the picture and its actually very very light in real ... too different!I was very upset ! dont buy online if you really know the name
 I ORDERED A LIPSTICK FOR THE FIRST AND LAST TIME FROM THIS COMPANY . I WAS VERY EXCITED TO RECEIVE MY PACKAGE SO QUICKLY ONLY TO BE EXTREMELY DISGUSTED AND DISAPPOINTED CAUSE MY LIPSTICK IS USED !!! I WILL TAKE PICTURES AND POST THEM ON HERE SO YOU CAN SEE HOW DISGUSTING THIS IS ! WHOEVER USED IT AND SENT IT TO ME MUST HAVE THE MOST DRIEST AND UGLIEST LIPS EVER ! YOU CAN SEE ALL THE LINES AND SMUDGES ON THE LIPSTICK !!! PLEASE SAVE YOUR 4 BUCKS AND GO SPEND A LITTLE MORE AT RITEAID CAUSE AT LEAST YOU 'LL BE GETTING SOMETHING NEW AND YOU CAN ALWAYS GET YOUR MONEY BACK IF YOU DO N'T LIKE THE COLOR . WILL NEVER ORDER ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN ! I 'M SO ANGRY BUT I 'M NOT EVEN GON NA BOTHER CONTACTING THEM CAUSE OBVIOUSLY THEY DO N'T CARE ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS .
 I thought this would be a very light , opaque shade of pink . But really , it has very little color but is loaded with silver shimmer . On me it looked very whitish and uneven .
 The paraffin wax is comparable to other waxes I have purchased for my machine . What is not so pleasant is the aroma from the machine . It really does n't smell like peaches -LRB- which is why I brought a scented wax in the first place -RRB- ; it basically makes my bathroom smell like I dropped a large burning candle in the room !
 I bought this speed eyeline because i wanted to draw an eye line ` FAST AND QUICK '' . however , this eyeliner is the worst eyeliner I 've ever had . It 's difficult to even push the liquid out and the pen is dry most of the time . Thus , I have to push the top of the pen very very hard and waste a lot of time . sometimes I am so angry with the user-unfriendly pen that I throw it to the wall . It is definitely the most terrible eyeliner I 've bought . super regret !
 I had this in the 80 's . It was a fantastic , complex , animalic fragrance . However , sometime in the early 90 's -LRB- I believe -RRB- , it was sold to another company . Parlux ? Anyway , they have totally ruined it . The incredible civet and other animalic notes are just gone . And the box is cheap now too . It used to be a lovely green , fabric-covered jewel box . Now , the lid is askew , and it looks like the whole thing could fall apart within a few openings . Parlux , redo it !
 Bal a Versailles is a wonderful perfume , but the 0.9 ounce bottle I just bought from Amazon is an expensive disappointment . It smells like it 's rancid , so I ca n't wear it , and ca n't return it . Be careful in ordering .
 This bottle seems to be a cheap knock off . It looks nothing like the picture . Is this original or is this being made and sold as as the original . VERY disappointed !!! I would LOVE my money back !
 I was a bit dissapointed because I have been searching for this perfume for an entire year.I also bought the Eau de toilette from another company a 100ml for half the price and it was better value for money .
 My wife has used this product exclusively for decades . We are glad that it remains available . Unlike countless great products that are no longer offered , this one has not fallen victim to misguided attempts to replace or `` improve '' it.March 2011
 Have ordered this item before without a problem - however - just had the opportunity to use first can of Adorn Unscented Extra Hold - it has a bad `` smell '' - actually made me ill smelling this on my hair . I can not tolerate odors hence the reason for Unscented - very dissappointed - will not order from this company again .
 This product might have the same can design as the old favorite Adorn . But the contents are NOT the same as the Adorn line of products we grew up with . For one thing , this hairspray , despite being the `` unscented , '' has an odd , lingering odor about it . Worse yet , it leaves the hair with a sticky , unnatural feel . I have to use it very sparingly , and even then , my hair ends up looking like something molded out of plastic.Perhaps knowing that there was still a market for the original Adorn hairspray , some overseas manufacturer put out a product in an identically designed can . But they were not able to get the original recipe for the hairspray itself right.I 'm afraid the Adorn we grew up with is probably gone forever . This item , whatever its provenance , is definitely no substitute .
 Bags are too large and difficult to use when you 've a hand covered in wax . Gloves too large , do n't keep in heat , slip off . Unless you have 3 hands -LRB- two to soak and one to put on gloves and pop a rubber band on your wrists to keep gloves from falling off -RRB- this product is not worth it .
 I ordered this &#34; Udder Cream &#34; and when I got it , it was not the original formula . The &#34; Udder Cream &#34; does not have any water in it , not does it have a large list of ingredients . The original formula had only 4 ingredients and they were all emollients.Im not very happy with this company anymore as they took a great product and are now cheating the customers .
 THE COLOR IS BAD , THE PRODUCT IS HORRIBLE . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS CRAPPY PRODUCT ! YOU WILL NOT BE HAPPY !
 i thought i got a great deal on this item but it turns out i just got what i paid for . if you have curly hair this is not the straightener for you ! it takes FOREVER to straighten one piece of hair and it does n't leave it very smooth either . it takes a really long time to cool down . it is cute though ... love the bag it comes with ... now i just have to buy a new straightener to put in it !
 I have had my share of straightners . I usually get the mid-grade ones and they work decently . I previously had a hot tools one that i loved , only lasted a year . I bought this one to replace that one and it was not good at all . Did n't work at all . Barely got hot . Tried to return it but no avail . I would n't really recommend this one , maybe i just got a dud .
 its ok , I do like the print , its way cute.But doesnt seem to heat up too good .
 I guess part of the problem is my fault , I did n't realize that 10x in a mirror could only be seen by closing one of my eyes . I could not use this mirror and so I returned it to Amazon and received a full refund plus shipping ! Thank you Amazon !
 There is a lot of warping/distortion with this mirror . The 10x side is very hard to use due to the distortion .
 This magnifying mirror works well ... when positioned 1-5 inches from your face . At 5-12 inches , everything is a blur . At 18 inches , everything is upside down.In short , provides excellent magnification if you hold it right in front of you . If you plan to place it in the stand and sit back , forget it.I ordered this product after using a counter-top magnifying mirror in a hotel . No comparison !
 It 's funny , because I 've never had problems with Amazon orders until my last two . This strange lack of quality control is odd . The mirror appears to have been opened - the big part , not the stand , was outside of the protective plastic bag , and scratched -LRB- not super noticeably -RRB- but enough to be annoying . The stand was inside of the smaller bag , which was in the big bag that should have been around the mirror . How do I know this ? My BF ordered one , and I liked it so much , I decided to get one too . His was wrapped properly , and not scratched . I most likely wo n't be returning this - but I do feel like something odd is going on with Amazon .
 Unfortunately this lipstick I believe it was very old . It does not smell fresh . I regret buying it . I wonder for how long the seller had it : -LRB-
 The photo of these is misleading . I thought these were the long `` professional '' hair clips my hair stylist uses at the salon to pin my hair while blowing drying -LRB- section it out and pin it -RRB- . These are `` useless '' . They are way short , and `` tiny '' so I cant even use for other things.These are barely useable for a childs hair/head . The box doesnt even list the length but these clearly are not the super long , tight clips I was looking for to keep my hair from falling and to keep it easily clipped while blow drying.I am sending these back .
 The clips are too small to hold a pin curl well , which also makes it too easy to tangle and trap individual strands of hair in the back end of the clip . I am looking for another clip to replace these . My hair is slightly longer than shoulder length , so perhaps these clips would work better on shorter hair .
 It is very low quality clips . . If you are looking for something sturdy and that last longer do n't make a try with this ...
 Received the wrong item and I was goingto use them to make a gift for someone now I have to return and wait for the right thing to complete the gift . Or just make this item work . Not very happy .
 I got the product and the box was broken so the clips were everywhere in the package . They were not the size I had wanted either .
 I only received 65 of the clips when there was suppose to be 80 . Plus half of the 65 clips were bent . I will not purchase these again .
 These clips are small and poor quality . They feel like they are going to break when you squeeze them . The teeth are not lined up perfectly either . Sometimes it is better to buy things in person to test them out , instead of purchasing on the internet and then being disappointed when you receive them 5 days later .
 i bought these to make hair clips but at an inch i cant do anything with them . If you are making clips for little girls or babies these are perfect but since i make for teens and adults theyre useless ! In my opinion they REALLY need to say that these clips are an inch long so more people dont waste their money . Plus the one i took out of the box bent right away . Not impressed
 i have used Tiffany for many years . i have the parfum , the eau de parfum and the body cream and ... this is not the same scent that i have grown to love and crave . i 'm quite disapointed . The scent is quite different . the only thing that is the same is the price ! : - -LRB-
 How do you charge 10 dollars for a bottle of conditionerthat only cost 2dollars in the store . . Shame on you !!!
 I ordered this based off of the color displayed in the photo !! When I recieved the product I found that it was PLATINUM BLONDE ! Not at all what I wanted !
 Good product , but it is difficult to have the difficult to pick the color you want . I join the previous review , I ordered a blonde color , and received a platinum blond . It is almost white , which makes my hair gray , and covers the scalp of dandruff . I 'll try to order a medium brown and mixed colors for my desired shade .
 I have tried platinum blonde and light brown -LRB- one from another company -RRB- and they seem to have a problem with matching a golden blonde or dishwater blonde type colors . Just can not seem to get it to work
 I do n't understand what the fuss is about over this soap . This soap contains `` Rosin '' which is unsafe for use in cosmetics . It is a known human immune system toxicant as well as a possible mutagen and carcinogen -LRB- i.e. linked to cause cancer -RRB- . Pears also contains `` parfum '' which is a skin irritant/allergen and there are millions of types of scents that can be simply labelled `` parfum '' without telling us what is exactly in it . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Pears soap 's formula has changed as of 2009 . It is no longer the wonderful , natural product we all knew and loved.Original ingredients
 I had n't realised that Pears had changed the formulation of its transparent soap until I bought this . Dear God , what were they thinking of ? It now smells of insect repellent and makes my skin itch and flake . I would n't even use this on the dog . Shame on you , Unilever !
 I purchased Pears Soap assuming it 's the Pears soap we all know and love . WRONG . They have changed the soap completely . It 's smelly , does n't lather as well , and a smaller bar . I HATE it .
 Slightly less than one year ago -LRB- late September 2009 -RRB- I was getting low on Pears , but I could n't find it at my local Denver , Colorado , USA , area stores , so I bought a 12-bar carton from Amazon . Now I only have 4 bars left , and so today I bought some bars at a local Dollar Tree store . I noticed the packaging changes , but I did n't realize the extent of the disaster until I got home , compared a new box with an old , and saw the strange new ingredient list . That motivated me to open a new box , which revealed the new plastic/cellophane wrapping . I opened it and was greeted by the horrible new odor ! It 's quite a nasty-smelling formulation , reminiscent of some kind of insecticide or industrial cleaning product . I immediately returned the bars . Unfortunately , this probably means that Amazon also no longer has the old formula , unless a savvy and honest seller specifically says that they have the original product . Such a shame for a great 220-year-old brand , which Unilever has totally ruined . Needless to say , I wo n't be buying the horrific `` New Pears '' formula .
 The new Pears soap is an absolute disaster . It stinks and irritates my skin ! I will never buy it again unless I am absolutely assured that it has been reformulated to its original quality . Too bad -- I 've used it for over fifty years . It 's all Dr. Bronners for me now !
 Pears ' transparent soap seems to be among the latest to join the ranks of products , like HP Sauce and Sunlight soap , once proudly made in the UK and now farmed out to other manufacturers . While HP Sauce retains its basic flavour -LRB- as does Sunlight , presumably -- I have n't tasted it lately -RRB- , Pears has been reconfigured , its simple ingredients giving way to a raspy new formula involving greater use of irritating chemicals and colourants.The change is noticeable , even without a reading of the new ingredients , for in their experimenting Hindustan Unilever have produced something truly remarkable
 Last year they changed the 200 year old formula . The new formula smells like a combination of turpentine and incense .
 I just had a shower with this new stuff -LRB- refuse to give it a title -RRB- after only 4 showers it is virtually gone , they have reduced the size by a third and increased the price . I would n't mind so much but the quality is so poor that you are lucky to get a bar to last a week . It still does n't smell right and it brings my son 's eczema out . I have decided to stop buying it after using it for virtually all my adult life . In 10 years time when all of pears loyal users have deserted the brand and sales of Pears are at rock bottom , the directors at Unilever will be sat round in their boardroom scratching their heads wondering where it all went wrong . Well it all went wrong when you fixed something that was n't actually broken in order to save a few pennies . I would be interested in seeing how much the sales figures have crashed already .
 This is a poor substitute of the original product , changed since 2009 . The fragrance is insecticide , the after wash feels sticky.This is a very unfortunate turn of events .
 Too bad , another good product disappears in a fog of lies and deliberately misleading promotional material.As others have said , the ingredients on the package that I received are not those listed in the description of this product . And yet mine are different from those that reviewer Private listed , too . Here 's what my package says : Water , Sodium Palm Kernelate , Sorbitol , Sodium Rosinate , Sodium Palmate , Glycerin , Sodium Stearate , Propylene Glycol , Sodium Lauryl Sulfate , PEG-4 , Alcholo Denat. , Sodium Chloride , Fragrance , Sodium metabisulfite , Tetrasodium Etidronate , Tetrasodium EDTA , BHT , Thymus Vulgaris -LRB- Thyme -RRB- Extract , Rosmarinus Officinalis Leaf -LRB- Rosemary -RRB- Extract , FD&C ; Yellow No. 10 -LRB- CI 47005 -RRB- , D&C ; Red No. 300 -LRB- CI 17200 -RRB- To their credit , at least they list `` Water '' , and not `` Aqua '' , like so many other products do these days!Aside from the different ingredients , they have n't managed to duplicate the original fragrance , and that 's the part that bothers me.I find it interesting , though not necessarily bad , to see that it 's made in India -LRB- that 's in the description -RRB- . Lots of very nice products are made in India , but I 'm not sure this is one of them.If ANYONE knows where to get the ORIGINAL Pears Soap -LRB- not a new formula that just says `` original '' - words are so cheap -RRB- , I would really like to know!Update : I 've been using a package of one of the other `` Pears Soaps '' that I got on Amazon - it was my first package with one of the new formulations - and I finally was able to trace a rash I 've been getting to that soap ! I never got a rash from Pears before , but I was careful to eliminate other possible causes in my testing and there 's no doubt . However , the soap reviewed here is yet another formulation and I have n't tried it , yet . I 'll report back here if I get a rash from it -LRB- I hope not ! -RRB- . All I can say is `` unbelievable '' . Manufacturers are playing around with our health so that their senior executive compensation can set new records . I 'm beyond disgusted.Update 2 : I stopped using all Pears Soap for a while to see if anything else was causing my rash -LRB- laundry detergent , baby powder , etc. -RRB- , and I was n't getting any rash . I started using this soap with the ingredients above , and the rash came back in two days . Well , sorry to say , that 's the end of Pears Soap for me .
 I have used Pears soap for years and years . I started using it when my daughter was small and it was the only soap that did n't irritate her skin . And I loved the herbal scent . I had a big carton of it that I finally used up and just recently ordered more . Come to find out , they changed the formula and it 's all chemically now . No more herbal scent . And the bar is flatter . It hardly seems like the same soap . I have to look at the picture on the box to remind myself that it 's Pears Soap ... or is it ?
 The new formula has a different smell , texture , colour , shape , and size compared to regular pears soap . I prefer closer to the normal formula .
 original formula for 200 years had 8 ingredients . Now it has 24 ! it is not delightfully mild smelling or long lasting . I urge you to research this product before buying . I learned the hard way . It is not what you have fond memories of . Very disappointing .
 I fell in love with Pears liquid soap when in England . Since the liquid is apparently not available in the U.S. , I bought the Pears bars . What a mistake ! This soap smells AWFUL ! Like insect repellant only not that nice . I threw all three bars away . It does n't even rate one star .
 I ca n't stand the smell of this new redone soap . It smells terrible !!! It took me only a second to throw it into a trash . Awful ! Where can I buy the old formula ?
 This soap smells like tar - had to throw it out . Would not recommend this product to anybody . Had better luck with the glycerin soap at Whole Foods .
 I just received my first order of this soap . I was hoping for a nice gentle , pure , chemical-free soap . It claims to be a glycerine soap , but Amazon chooses not to list the other ingredients , some of which are pretty nasty . However , they are listed on the side of the box . Like sodium meta bisulfite ... this has been removed from most foods because of harmful side-effects so why would anyone want to absorb it thru the skin into their blood stream ? Also contains propylene glycol which you will find in anti-freeze . This is good for the skin ? The soap is made in India and I guess they have different standards for `` gentle '' soap . Mine is going right into the trash ... too much trouble to return .
 Although this soap does appear to get rave reviews , I have a problem with the fact that it is not ALL vegetable based -LRB- contains animal Tallow -RRB- and also has preservatives -LRB- DMDM Hydantoin-which releases formaldehyde into product !! , Tetrasodium Etidronate among others -RRB- - yet , some are touting its `` all natural '' . Luckily , I found WendyLou 's Natural Milk Baths and Soaps . They are homemade , with the glycerin still retained and are all natural based with either essential oils or fragrance added . I have very dry skin and her soaps feel so moisturizing and have a great lather , plus its nice to know I am using something without any chemicals .
 I have no direct experience of ` salon ' or ` pedicure ' , so maybe mine is a misuse : I bought those to give them to my guests when they come at home . At first they fit well and the colors are nice , but I was expecting them to last at least a couple of hours of moderate walking around the house , while half of them broke in around two minutes , in some cases even before putting them on.They are not suitable to be put on with socks , but this is visible from pictures , so my main concern is the durability , they are probably good if you do n't have to walk , but in that case , why do you need slippers?I admit they are very cheap , but I would n't mind to pay something more for a more resistant product .
 bought these for a spa party for eight year old girls . . Way too thin ... One girl went through 4 pairs in the three hours , straps kept bursting . Shipping time was great ... But the product itself is flawed . This is one instance where the price was too good to be true .
 showed assorted colours ... received only one colour that was n't even shown . Should have been noted in the description somehow . Would not reorder
 Hello , I am a Paul Mitchell trained stylist ... PLEASE DO NOT buy any Paul Mitchell products
 I have been using the Paul Mitchell Tea Tree Special `` Cleanse '' shampoo for years . I would purchase at a local Paul Mitchell authorized salon . The experience that you get when using this shampoo is an invigorating `` tingling '' sensation on your scalp . This 33.8 oz bottle did not have the word `` cleanse '' on it , yet that is what I thought I ordered , but more importantly it did not have the tingling sensation when used . I understand there are many knock offs -LRB- fakes -RRB- of this shampoo so I emailed the company with my concern but received no response from them . Why would they not respond ? Is this product a fake ? I am not going so far as to accuse them of it not being the real Paul Mithchell product but I am suspicious if the product does not perform like the reall product and they did not respond to my email . This is a quote from legal zoom.com `` Despite their phenomenal success , De Joria and Mitchell continue to face business challenges . The brand they 've worked hard to build is now under attack from bootleggers . Online stores , beauty supply companies and even large retail chains have been inundated with `` look-alike '' products and knockoffs . De Joria estimates that bootlegging costs the company millions in revenue each year . Besides lost revenue , off-market products could cost the company something even more important
 I bought this shampoo because it was recommended that I use something with Tea Tree oil in it to help me with my problem scalp . I 'm not sure if this shampoo has helped my scalp problems , but it has made my hair horribly unmanageable . It strips every drop of product or oil from your hair , so when you are done shampooing your hair is a matted mess and straw-like . This shampoo may be good to remove residue from hair every couple weeks or so , but certainly not good for daily use . And for heaven 's sake , do n't get it in your eyes . Minty fresh is not a good ocular condition .
 I found the peppermint overwhelms the shampoo , not crazy about the cool mint tingle effect . Disappointed since I was hoping for a Tea Tree shampoo , I 've had good luck with Bronners Tea Tree products .
 Want DRY , brittle hair that feels like straw?Use this!I could n't figure out why my once shiny , silky hair was feeling like straw and the ends were splitting.It was this shampoo , which is full of SULFATES!YUCK!Worthless !
 Tea Tree is by far the best shampoo I have ever used . -LRB- It 's great for your scalp and hair -RRB- However -- with this company -- I ordered Tea Tree shampoo from Goddess Within , and they said my package would be filled and shipped on Jan 27th , and the package still has n't arrived . They have n't sent me any form of package tracking information . I called their customer support , and there was no support available.They have a poor rating with the Better Business Bureau of Texas -LRB- where they are located -RRB- because of shipping delay , and clearly are not delivering products on time . -LRB- or at all in my case -RRB-
 I ordered this product ON OCTOBER 19TH ago buying directly from Amazon.com . I HAVE NOT RECEIVED IT TO DATE.After 45 days of waiting for my order I have just received notification that the delivery is FURTHER DELAYED . If amazon was not going to supply the product why allow me to place order AND WAIT LIKE AN IDIOT.This is despicable in my opinion . I am a frequent Amazon.com customer . Making weekly purchases and I am severely disappointed.Paul Mitchell Tea Tree Special Shampoo , 33.8 Ounce
 After reading the other one-star review , I 've concluded that the formulation must 've been changed ... or this junk is being made in China.This crap made my normally silky , shiny hair so dry and brittle , I had to cut an inch off the ends this morning.Anyway , it 's full of SULFATES , so in the trash it goes!Useless !
 Ordered this product over 2 months ago , but still not even close to shipment.And AMAZON sent me email a month ago said they will work on it , but no!Now it will be delayed for the new year , and maybe beyond my imagination ----- forever
 It has been many years since I 've used this product . It had been my exclusive scent for many years . The present scent is not as I remember it . Not at all . I ca n't imagine that I would have liked it back then if it smelled as it does today . I was very disappointed and returned it .
 I have loved this fragrance for forty years . The last bottle I bought was near the end and I no longer live near my fragrance shop . I saw it on Amazon and thought &#34; yeah &#34; ! It is nothing like the wonderful scent it should be . . There is an unpleasant , metallic sort of finish to the scent . I looked into returning but found it could n't be done . I am stuck with an expensive bottle of disappointment .
 The Eau de toillette was not the original nor the package and the smell was all evaporated
 After reading many reviews on here about Canus and actually trying it myself , I had no idea that it was filled with lots of preservatives and chemicals . It tended to irrirate my skin so I took the advice of another reviewer and also tried WendyLou 's and happy to say that her products are great and now my skin is soft . I would highly recommend anyone that wants a good quality soap or for that matter lotion they try Wendylous natural bath . It 's comoforting knowing you are not using a bunch of chemcals on your body too .
 When the cologne got here , my wife was exstatic , but when she opened it and smelled it it did not smell like sunflowers at all . I am very dissapointed in the fact that it was not a good bottle .
 This perfume is loud , overpowering and has an acidic base-note akin to ... well , how should I say this ... vomit .
 I 'm form Brazil . I purchase a DKNY perfum , 04/18/2008 and today is 06/01/2008 and still do n't arrive .
 This was my second Sunbeam Wall Mounted Hair Dryer . First one lasted just over one year . This last one lasted only 11 months ! No More !!!
 I just threw away my second Sunbeam wallmount hairdryer . The first one lasted 2 years . The second one , 2 months . Buy it if you enjoy flareups and sparks ... and buying lots of hairdryers .
 First this is sooo overpriced . Next it is horrible . Too creamy . Texture is unlike a scrub . Barely usable . Does n't do what is indicated . In fact , what is written on the site is not repeated on the product . Try Bliss Cellulite Scrub . That works wonders and costs less .
 I brought this blow dryer because I was tired of blow dryers that didnt blow hot enough and needed constant comb replacement . Little did i know That I would only be satisfied with the hotness of it but not the comb.I have replaced the comb 5 times already each of them cost me 6 dollors thats $ 30 dollors more on top of the price that the blow dryer cost me . So this product could be better . Iam not fully satisfied .
 The original Tatiana was one of the great perfumes
 I ordered it for my mom who ` s name is Tatiana . It was a surprise for her . I ` ve read a reviews and took a risk to buy it . Be honest I do n`t like it at all and I have a difficulties with a UPS to return it . So , I gave it to my mom . She said it ` s fine , but probably she did n`t want to disappoint me . But we are all different and you will like this scent . Who knows ?
 Bought as a christmas gift and the bottle was poorly packaged and it arrived broken on my footsteps . I do n't see any options listed to return it for a refund or at least exchange it like the some of the other products has listed . Disappointed in the results and only about 3/4 is left and the top is broken , there is absolutely no way I can give this a gift .
 I ca n't say anything about the product itself because I bought it for a gift . It was very poorly packaged ; the actual perfume box was damaged . Very disappointing because like I said before I bought it for a gift and it did not look pretty .
 I thought since the perfume was from Diane Von Furstenbergy it would be very nice but I was wrong . I read other reviews and thought I would enjoy it . I would have returned it but I apparently you are n't permitted to return perfume because it is flamable . The perfume was too strong and not appealing at all . I ended up bringing into work and set it on a table for someone to take for free . It smelled too bad to give away as a gift .
 Once again I got sucked in by positive reviews of a product . I tried Diane VonFurstenburg 's new one and fell in love but did n't want to pay the $ 95 for it . I was hoping that maybe one of her older ones would be just as good and would hold me until I get my boyfriend to buy me the new one for Christmas . So this one was inexpensive and had good reviews so I bought it . BIG MISTAKE . It 's very strong and it just ... stinks . I did n't even try to give it away . In the trash it went ...
 I used to love this fragrance , but in the late 80 's it seemed to change and I did not like it anymore . Has anyone else noticed this?I wish the original fragrance would come back , I wore it when it first came out in 1975 until about 1987 when it changed .
 Diane Von Furstenberg wrecked her name here by brandishing it all over this fragrance . It is not worth the amount of money I paid .
 Maybe that is not a fair title , but when you pay a lot of money for a perfume , you hope that it does n't smell so bad as to offend anyone . But , I must admit that it could be the wrong chemistry for me and may smell like the musk , vanilla that it claims to be for someone else . Thank God for samples .
 This used to be a phenomenal product until Almay polluted it by adding propylene glycol -LRB- PPG , PEG , etc. -RRB- , a common skin irritant and culprit in perioral dermatitis ... A form of adult acne.For a company that likes to promote it 's products as ` hypoallergenic ' , why add such a common allergen ???? I do n't get it!The 1 star was for the addition of salicylic acid , an excellent non irritating clarifying agent .
 Smells like a old woman 's perfume ! The worst Creed ever , too strong and repulsive . Three people told me they could n't handle the smell of this !
 It is not bad the fragrance , but is very clear the niche where you can place this fragrance , so if you are 60 or so it is ok but if not , then try something different . Good luck .
 Sample was half full , probably a few years old . Better to sample at store , or maybe have better luck off ebay .
 This product claims to get rid of ingrown hair and razor bumps . I 've been using this product and have seen little to no improvement . I had my hopes set really high based on the previous reviews . So I spent the $ to buy it . I 'd have better results out of beauty supply products . I have dark marks from picking at hair . it doesnt lighten those like it says either . I 'm a African American female is your wondering .
 after hearing all the great reviews about this product i decided to try it . it did n't work i got ingrown hair by waxing for the 1st time . . -LRB- i will never wax again -RRB- i tried this it didnt work . . i try tend skin and it worked . . the bumps appear once in awhile dark spots are the only problem now . . so dont buy this product go with tendskin .
 It may work for some people but I spent a lot on this small bottle and it does n't work for me .
 I bought this product after reading all the awesome reviews on Amazon . Although I think it 's good , its not great . I realize everyone has different skin types and that 's probably it was n't so great for me . I 'm just waiting to finish it so I can buy something else .
 Ive been try all the after shaves i could get my hands on to try and remove razor bumps and none of them work including this one . This one works the best out of all that ive tried but it doesnt remove all the razor bumps and the redness comes back after 4 hours . I had high hopes seeing as there are so many positive reviews .
 I picked up this product at a store that I work at and was pretty excited to try something that might actually work . See , I have razor and ingrown hairs all over my legs and being a girl ... . well lets just say it not nice to the touch . I 've just used up my first bottle . I still have dark spots , none of that improved -LRB- perhaps it would work better on the face ? -RRB- . It helped my ingrown hairs some , however I still had a significant amount . I 've so far tried everything from AHA to glycolic on my legs after I 've shaved and so far no luck . I 've just ordered tend skin ... so I have my fingers crossed .
 I purchased this product months ago and still have ingrown hairs . Yes , it does soften the skin , but the problem still exists . This is not a solution to the problem .
 Personally , I 've seen absolutely no effect - after more than a week of use . Given the cost -LRB- $ 30 w/shipping -RRB- , I 'd suggest you save your money . Nice container , though .
 If you do n't care what ingredients are in your cosmetics and what you put on your skin , then this review is not relevant for you . For those of you who do care , beware that the `` only all natural ingredients '' advertised on the Prince Reigns website are n't that natural at all . Here is the list of INGREDIENTS : Deionized waterPropylene GlycolGlycerinPolysorbate-20HydroxyethylcelluloseDMDM HydantoinGlycolic AcidFragranceMethyl ParabenPropyl ParabenFD & C ; Green # 5Tocopheryl AcetateLavanderSageCamomilleQuite a few of these ingredients are highly toxic according to the Skin Deep Safe Cosmetics database . I wish I would have known the list of ingredients prior to purchasing this product , but I could n't find one anywhere . Hopefully this review will help out those of you who would like to know what 's in your cosmetics so that you can make an informed decision if this product is for you or not .
 I brought this product and to be honest it did nothing it says ! ... I actually went out and brought a cheaper product that did work for me . Not only that I tried getting my money back from the company . And someone -LRB- I guess CSR -RRB- was very nasty told me I had to send back what ever I had to get my money back and when I was still asking questions they hung up the phone before I could finish ... I would n't recommend to a dog ! I do n't even want to give a rating they do n't even deserve a star at all !
 This product did n't do much for me . I still have bumps and ingrown hairs and the tiny bottle cost $ 25 and took forever to receive . Not worth it .
 After a couple weeks of steady use I failed to see an improvement on a chronic ingrown hair . Maybe is works for those lil annoyances that go away on their own anyway but it was not a help for me .
 this product did absolutely nothing for my ingrown hairs in my bikini area . there was no change let alone improvement . I basicallyy wasted my money .
 This has to be one of the biggest disappointments in health and beauty products that I have come across . This serum did n't work for me since I still continued to see razor bumps and ingrown hairs even after 2 weeks of trying it on I am very disappointed . Not only that , but this product is very expensive starting at $ 20 and more online and only get 2 oz or what appears to be nothing more that sugar , water and food coloring mixed together . I have tried other products which work much better like Tend Skin and Min New York Solution two , both just as pricy as this product , but the other ones at least do what they say . Do n't spend your time and money on this lame product do your research first on something else .
 I had ingrown hairs -LRB- from epilation -RRB- and tried this product . I decided to put it on one leg only , to see if I could notice a difference . I applied it once or twice a day for about 2 weeks without noticing any difference between the treated leg and the untreated one . There was some minor improvement , but I concluded that it was due to the body 's natural healing process , as the same amount of healing was visible in the leg where no solution was used .
 10 years ago , I started to wax my bikini area and always used Tend Skin to prevent ingrowns . I never had to worry about ingrowns . Three months ago , as I was looking for good deals for Tend Skin , I came across Princereigns on Amazon and read all the positive reviews . Most people seemed to have a positive outcome , plus it was gentle and had pleasant smell . I thought `` ca n't go wrong , I 'll try it out . '' I was never unhappy with Tend Skin but it did dry out my skin so I was open to trying something new and Princereigns seemed promising . Girl , was I wrong !!! I did n't know how great Tend Skin was in preventing ingrowns until I stopped using it and started to use Princereigns . I gave Princereigns three months to redeem itself ... that was too long !!! I was way too optimistic . Currently , I have so many bumps and ingrowns , it 's too embarrassing to wear a bikini bottom ! I have never had so many ingrown hair in my life . I just received Tend Skin in the mail , and hopefully , it 'll help my waxed area clear up before I take my vacation in 3 weeks . I 'll be sure to use extra moisturizing lotion when I use Tend Skin . I 'm never going to use Princereigns - I wish there was a money back guarantee . Even my husband who uses Tend Skin on his face got more ingrowns while using Princereigns . I wonder if you 're better off not using anything at all than to use Princereigns -LRB- to save money ! -RRB-
 my skin gets pretty bad razor bumps and ingrowns right along my jawbone . I have tried many products , and this one that i dont use anymore . It worked okay , did n't get rid of 100 % of the ingrown hairs , maybe 60 % , but it made my skin very oily . I would not recommend
 I bought this based on reviews but it did n't help me get rid of any bumps from in-grown hairs . Sorry !
 thick , sticky and useless . I used this product exactly how i should and it did nothing to improve the situation . DO NOT GET IT !
 Bought this stuff to try to help with ingrown hairs and it made them worse for me !!! i ended up with huge lumps and bumps . will never buy again !!! what a waste of money !!!
 I 've been using this product for 3 weeks and I did n't see any results I do n't recommend it at all .
 i did not his this worked at all for ingrown hairs . It felt good after shaving , but did not do waht it was supposed to do .
 After having read all of the fantastic reviews on this product I decided to try it after having tried a few other products specifically aimed at combating ingrown hairs -LRB- including Tend Skin which I found pretty useless -RRB- . I 've now used all of my bottle of ` Princereigns ' and I 'm afraid my ingrown hairs have n't improved much at all . It 's a nice product to apply just after shaving as it soothes the area but if you have serious ingrown hair issues like me then save your money !
 I 've suffered from ingrown hairs on my legs because I used to use epilator I was really hopeful that this can help me to get rid of them it did nothing for me and also my husband used this and it did n't work for him either . I would never buy it again .
 This gave me really bad , painful cyst-like bumps . I stopped and started using it again 3 times before I was sure it was the product . I was also disappointed with their `` all natural ingredients '' . Also , did not see much improvement otherwise . It did take away some of the redness but the bumps it left were so awful that it took about 10 day for them to clear up . I do not have what I would consider sensitive skin either .
 I was really looking forward to using this stuff and really had faith in it but , nope . I have been using it for a good month or 2 and there are barely any results . I 'm not sure if i 'm just convincing myself there are slight results or there really just are n't any . It was a disappointment and a waste of money , totally not worth $ 20 - $ 35 . I also read some reviews of people saying it smelt good . It does n't even really have a noticeable smell i 'm not sure if that is a pro or a con I guess that depends on the person . All in all I would n't recommend anyone to get this unless it was like $ 10 .
 I used this product every time I shaved for two months . Barely any improvement . Not sure if it 's just me , but I wo n't be purchasing this again . I prefer PFB Vanish , maybe because it 's a little harsher . I used it for one week and it was worked much better . Less red bumps and hair that comes in is sticking out straighter so it 's easier to shave/pluck .
 I wish I had scanned all of the reviews prior to purchasing and seen the one where the ingredients are listed . Neither the amazon.com listing nor the product website provides a full list of ingredients , which should have been a red flag but I took a chance because the price compared favorably to my usual choice , the ingrown hair serum sold by European Wax Center which actually comes in a nearly identical bottle . However , this product unfortunately contains parabens , and it seems disingenuous to advertise it as `` natural . '' While there is still question around just how dangerous parabens are , there are enough other endocrine disrupters I 'm potentially exposed to every day that I do n't need to voluntarily add another one , especially when I have alternatives readily available .
 Obviously , this product works for some people - but it definitely did n't work for me ! I bought it at the spa where I get my Brazilians - it was highly recommended , so I had high hope for it ... plus , for the price I figured it must work . Wrong ! It did nothing for my ingrowns ... in fact , I kind of think it may have made them worse . I thought I would have to stop getting waxed they were getting so bad ! I decided to try a different product -LRB- fyi - Tend Skin -RRB- and seriously - no more ingrown hairs ! I do n't know if this is a testament to what a great product Tend Skin is or what a crap product Prince Reigns is , but either way I will never go back . Now I 'm just trying to figure out how I can get rid of my half used bottles of Prince Reigns ...
 I bought this product because I have ingrown hairs on my bikini line and have suffered from them from many years . I bought this product not expecting a miracle , but atleast a little change . I am almost done with the bottle and i see NO change or difference at all . It does sooth the skin , but for the price it is definetly not worth it . Save your money and do not buy this product or be fooled by these positive ratings . Dont say you werent warned .
 I had high hopes based on other reviews . But it has not made my ingrown hairs better at all , and actually makes me break out . I 've been trying this for 2 months now but I give up . This is going in the garbage .
 this works ok , but does n't do all it promises , tend skin works way better but stings , whereas princereigns does not sting . in general , this product is no where near 5 stars .
 Extremely disappointed with product . Purchased an enzo milano curling iron which did not work . Called and quickly received a second iron which also did not work . Want my money back !!
 I bought this awhile back only to realize these are the exact knockoff curlers Enzo Milano has been warning its customers about . There are several signs proving the curlers ' inauthenticity
 The curling iron did not get hot . You could touch it without the Kevlar glove and not get burned . It took just as long as a regular iron to heat up and curl the hair but the curl was not very tight and fell right out . The instruction booklet said the cord was 8 feet long but it was barely 6 feet . I called to report the problem and was sent a second iron . It was just the same as the first one . The company sent me a mailing label to return both irons for a refund .
 My Enzo Milano curling iron failed after 9 months with only light use . The company wants between $ 15 - $ 35 . to repair it even though it is still under warranty . I would not recommend this company or this product .
 Just received my package of 2 Alfred Sung Men 's EDT 3.4 ounce . One was Okay ... and the other was empty , no cap , and the box was damaged . How do I return this very disappointing shipment ?
 I think some of these other reviewers need to get there nose checked or maybe some coffee beans . My purchase was made based on the great reviews and it turned out to be a good fragrance for my car , inside my shoes or bathroom spray but not to be worn .
 The synthetic smell gives me nothing but headaches . Not only that , it does not last . I am only keeping the bottle because it is so unique looking . Never again .
 The description online says that it is `` Juniper Lemon with Chamomile Calendula flowers '' , yet nothing on the product says that it has chamomile or calendula . -LRB- On the front of the package , there is nothing indicating that . In the ingredients list there is also nothing about it . Yet the online description and the name on the packing form state it includes chamomile calendula flowers . -RRB- I emailed Web Vitamins , and they did not email back . Several days later I called to fix the problem , and they said that no products they have contain calendula and chamomile , so there is nothing comparable they can replace the item with . I had to return the item , and needless to say I am very disappointed that they have falsely advertised an item and that it is not what I thought it would be .
 Ordered Sensories Purify Cucurbita Tea Tree Shampoo and received item . It leaked in the box and the Shampoo is visibiliy faded and lacks the fresh scent/odor that makes this shampoo unique.Would like a pre-paid return shipping label and guarantee they will refund my original shipping costs !
 Did not reach the shipment . You to inform you of . Was the amount of money recovered until today this is what happened to me
 It was not the product I ask , the product I ask was animale , and not Animale Animale I open the box thinking that change the presentation but it was a diferent product .
 Not the same parfum , does not last for up to an hours , disappointed.Thought getting this from Amazon will guaranty the quailty , I was very wrong .
 This cream has a very strong smell . To me and my husband , this cream smells more like pine than lavender .
 Well it is still a towel with a rubber-band to hold the twist ... um wow
 I do n't know what the hype is all about . This gloss stinks . Too sheer , no color at all , no staying power and sticky . Not what I 'm looking for in a lip gloss . Waste of money .
 I got no plumping whatsoever , the scent is odd , and the color is disgusting . It looks like transparent gloss in the picture , but it 's not . Once applied , it almost looks like white lipstick from the 60 's .
 I love gloGloss in ` Naked ' but was quite disappointed when I got sent ` Starstruck ' . The packaging said Naked but wrong gloss inside . . Not happy !!
 Do n't waste your money . This stuff smells bad . It was fake , old and weak . I could not even wear it after it received it . The scent only lasted 10 - 15 minute . Go to the department store .
 This is not the real thing . I am completely DISSATISFIED with this FAKE perfume . I want a refund and I will never purchase any perfume from amazon again
 this is not the first perfume i 've purchased from amazon -LRB- Amazon LLC , not other sellers just to be on the safe side -RRB- and have been quite satisfied but I 'm 95 % certain this one is a fake . it smells strongly of alcohol . i 've smelled the real Kenneth Cole black for men and it smelled so heavenly . the last time i smelt such an ` alcoholy ' scent was when i bought what i soon realized was knockoff perfume from some small store in new york . the knockoff perfume capital of the world.sometimes things are too good to be true . Whoever sold this to amazon sold them fake stuff .
 The jasmine note in this fragrance is overpowering to the extent of smelling synthetic , am totally disappointed
 I ordered this exact bottle , expecting the glass to be as gorgeous as the picture with a scent to match . I was not dissapointed when it came down to the fragrence itself , but the encasement leaves room to be desired . I would NOT SUGGEST purchasing this as a gift for anyone , -LSB- as I had done . -RSB- The very bottom of the box states that it is a `` sample '' . It truely is just that ; enough to ` wet your whistle ' . Over all , great fragrence ; tiny bland bottle .
 I was going to purchase this wax . But when I went to check out , the $ 15 purchase price nearly doubled because shipping and handling was nearly $ 12 . Not my idea of truth-in-pricing .
 I ordered this at the request of my husband , as he remembered it from his youth . However , he did n't like it due to it having oil in the mix , so i reordered a bottle without the oli .
 I have been a Devin user for well over a decade . Apparently , what I recieved is the `` new '' release of Devin . In this case `` New '' IS NOT BETTER . I prefer the original . I will have to find a different source for the real Devin . Too bad
 My brother-in-law told me that he smelled this wonderful cologne at church and actually asked the guy what he was wearing . The guy told him Aramis . My cousin went on and on about how wonderful it smelled . I bought it online without testing it and that was a mistake . It is a very strong cologne and it smells - well , cheap . The smell of it made me think of some older person who was wearing cheap cologne and it is so strong that you better only spray a little bit on you or you will overpower everyone around you . Just say no to this cologne . Spend a little more and buy a lighter , fresher and more `` in '' cologne .
 this was for a birthday gift , but by the time this company finally got around to telling me that they were out of stock , it was too late . i am not happy with this experience !
 I have been using this cologne for 30 years . Impossible to find in retail stores anymore . I use it daily . It is not overbearing as many colognes are . Devin is very mild and not offensive to people that i come in contact with . Over the years i have many people ask me where they could get this cologne . I have never had a complaint from anyone that it was too strong . I have worked with the same people for many years . Believe me , if it was offensive i would have heard about it . People enloy the smell since it is so mild . I think it has been on the market since the mid seventies . I have other colognes that I wear on other occassions when i go out in the evenings .
 WHAT IS PICTURED ... . THIS IS NOT THE PRODUCT I RECEIVED . I ORDERED THIS SPECIFICALLY , SO AS TO NOT BE CONFUSED WITH THE `` NEW PACKAGIN '' IN 3.4 OZ . AMAZON WAS VERY FAIR AND UNDERSTANDING ABOUT MY COMPLAINT . IT WAS THE SELLER WHO MISREPRESENTED MY ORDER BY LISTING BOTH ITEMS NEXT TO EACH OTHER , GIVING THE BUYER A CHOICE . I CHOSE WHAAT I WANTED BY PICTURE AND DESCRIPTION , 3.7 OZ . NOT THE CASE . WELL , I FINALLY GOT A SHIPPING LABEL FROM THE SELLER AND RETURNED THE CRAP THAT WAS SENT . I DO N'T KNOW IF I HAVE BEEN CREDITED YET OR NOT . THE ARAMIS YOU SEE IN THIS PHOTO , BLUE/GREEN BOX IS MY ITEM , BEEN WEARING THIS SINCE 1978 . THE STUFF SENT WAS DEPLORABLE ... A NASTY TRICK . AMAZON WAS GOOD ABOUT THE WHOLE THING , THOUGH . I STILL DO N'T HAVE ANY OF WHAT I ORDERED , AND MAY NEVER SEE IT AGAIN . I 'M REALLY P % # & ED OFF .
 i got dark brown instead of the black i asked for -LRB- and mentioned in this listing -RRB- - i opened the product and chucked the packaging before noticing this error . anything i can do about it now or have i lost $ 50 ??
 Ok although I have been using this for the past 4 years and it does seal your hair and make it looks fuller . But with the sudden increase in price -LRB- over 100 % -RRB- I am considering to switch to another product . Also I do not like how it kinda stains your sink and bathtub when you wash it off and it makes anyone who touches your hair instantly dirty.The saddest part is you ca n't rest your head on any surface or it would get it dirty .
 I dye my hair very black . It is so aggravating when the roots start coming in and the mascara trick is n't really a good solution . I saw a commercial for some other version of this product and decided to test it out.Not . Worth . It . One of those &#34; from far away fine , up close not so much &#34; products . Unless you want the world to keep its distance stay away from this product . Color is also dull , and never blends in right .
 These salts really do n't smell like lavender and are not powerful enough to scent the tub . The salts themselves are quite large and take a very long time to dissolve , often they do n't dissolve by the end of the bath . There also appear to be pieces of sand or small rocks in here . I definitely do n't recommend this product , spend your money on a different brand .
 I just do n't get it . With all the fabulous skin care products out there , why all the fuss about this brand ??? I have decided it 's the packaging , the adorable boutique stores found in upscale malls , and the French name . I purchase this brand as gifts for folks I know who swear buy it , but for me I do n't find it to be worth the extra $ $ $ .
 I received a fake bottle from amazon !!!! I bought one from Macy 's and the smell is totally different ... Last longer too ! Do n't buy from amazon
 My hubby put this on and it smelled like womens cologne . He gave it to our son , he says it smelled so much like women 's perfume he was afraid to wear it around his girlfriend . Bad buy . Smells weak . But I do recommend Chrome Sport .
 My son has this cologne and even when he only uses one or two squirts of the stuff it 's way too strong and the scent lingers in the air for over 30 minutes overpowering everything else . I 've taken to hiding the stuff because it gives me migraine headaches - massive pain , nausea , bad taste in my mouth ... nasty.If you want to overpower your date 's perfume -LRB- or if you want to make everyone around you tell you , `` Man , you put on too much cologne . '' -RRB- and give her a headache and stomach ache -LRB- because you despise her -RRB- then use this cologne . If not ... please , for the love of all that is holy ... do not buy or use this stuff !!!! It 's AWFUL .
 I think this cologne is a solid buy any time . I have used it before and it lasted well but the last bottle I got from Amazon must have been old or simply fake because it does not last at all !! I plan to buy another bottle from a trusted source just to compare because this product is definitely substandard . I 'll be asking for a refund once I get the good product to compare . I can not even get out of the house before there 's barely a trace of it on me !! Needless to say , I stopped using it until I get this resolved .
 i was fooled by earlier reviews on this product.I was not sure if i wanted to buy perfume on amazon , but some how got carried away by reviews and price on this item.I was shocked to see the Mfg date of this product when i received it :01 / 12/07 , this product was made 5years before . I used it and its just like sprinkling water no smell . Now i understand how they can sell these items at this price.Get them from any bigger store
 While the 3.4 oz bottle of Chrome that I received appears to be in good condition and I do enjoy the way it smells , it does not seem right . I can apply several sprays of it and it still smells faint and it ca n't be smelled on me by others . The smells also fades very quickly and is about gone in a couple of hours . Dilute ? Counterfeit ? Defective ? I do n't know but I would not recommend purchasing Chrome from Amazon .
 Well , I have been once more taken by another unscrupulous internet seller . This item smells like NOTHING . Not even close to the original stuff . If it ever smelled like anything , it must have been in the 19th century maybe . I am absolutely disgusted with this fake item since I have used the real thing for a while now . I guess you get what you pay for . I WILL NOT BUY ANY MORE COLOGNES FROM AMAZON.COM DUE TO THIS HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE ... OUTRAGEOUS !!!! ''
 Do n't buy this . I 've been using this product for a long while now , and used to buy from department stores . I had always found it to be great and would recommend it to all my friends . I decided to purchase it from Amazon because it was cheaper . Well i got what i paid for ... cheap and very poor quality ! Usually the scent would last ALL day , the one i got from here lasts like 30 mins -LRB- & i think i 'm being a bit generous -RRB- . I was just now looking into purchasing Kouros , another fav of mine , then i decided to check the reviews on it . Of course when checking reviews i usually look at the lowest rated ones . It seems Kouros & other fragrances sold on Amazon are of similar poor quality ; with reviewers saying things like either the products are old or were watered down.So it 's back to the depmt stores for me !
 Not the real chrome , less strong . Smells like its watered down . Package was ripped and the sealed plastic was glued shut not original packaging .
 i order this a while back i always buy chrome in the 1.5 oz toilette spray for about the same price as i did the 3.4 oz let me tell you it not the same the 1.5 0z spray that i buy at a store smell great it last all day the smell the 3.4 oz that i bought on here smell last about 20 minutes tops before it wares off i will never buy it again so do n't waste your money like i did
 I ordered the Chrome By Azzaro For Men . Eau De Toilette Spray tester from AAAMerchants and although the price had free shipping when I got to the cart I was charged shipping !! wtf ?? Contacted seller AAAMerchants and seller AAAMerchants claimed it was Amazons glitch -LRB- fault -RRB- . They still havent changed the `` free shipping '' claim on the product description . Get with it AAAMerchants
 Ordered product on March 29 . Was notified by e-mail that the item was on backorder , but would be sent as soon as their shipment arrived . On April 18 , the money for this order was taken out of my account . As of today , May 14 , I am still waiting for my purchase . I notified Samsonline and was informed that they too , could not track my order that was supposedly sent . They are trying to make my order good , but I am still waiting .
 I thought I was ordering White Linen . When it arrived it was White Linen Breeze . I had to return it .
 Item I ordered was listed as 2x -LSB- 2 PACK-Older package -RSB- Sunsilk Straighten-Up 24/7 Creme with Elastyn-E . They 're listed as 2 packs so , I ordered 4 expecting to receive 8 . The package arrived with only 4 bottles . I feel the listing was very misleading . I am not happy with my order and will not purchase from this seller again .
 Had lid tight and only used it a few times and when I went to use it it had all evaporated .
 This nail polish is awful . I was so excited ... 10 days !!! Wow ! Well , mine did n't even stay on for 4 . Here are the basics :1 -RRB- It stinks . I mean , it really , really stinks . It smells like iron-on heat transfers = melting plastic . Yuck ! It starts out as an all-consuming smell , and then dissipates after a day or two . But the nails themselves always smell .2 -RRB- Did n't last . 4 days , not 10 . Though usually , one swim totally wipes out any nail polish at all , and it made it through two swim days . I was looking for something that would stay on in chlorine . You may have better luck if you do not swim .3 -RRB- It 's goopy . The brand new bottle has strings of polish -LRB- think pizza cheese -RRB- and it 's very thick in application .4 -RRB- Did I mention it stinks ? 5 -RRB- I 've used it twice . Both times , my hands started to tingle in the fingers and palms . I find that pretty odd . And scary ... 6 -RRB- Does n't touch-up well .7 -RRB- When it starts to come off , it does n't chip . It peels off in SHEETS ! 8 -RRB- MUST use acetone remover . It even states it on the bottle .9 -RRB- Just in case you forgot , it smells really bad . SO MUCH worse than any other nail polish I have EVER smelled . : -RRB-
 ... will pull your hair out ! Kinda defeats the purpose . Dark brown is too dark , medium brown is too light . That 's my own problem , I guess . Putting this stuff on wet like you 're supposed to is an absolute pain -- not to mention a gross mess . I gave up on it . Does n't go on dry like they say it will .
 the color is way off . i have dark brown hair w / even darker roots and the dark brown color i ordered looks like dusty , blackish grey in my hair . it comes off quite easily , it is not water proof . i prefer eye shadow to this product .
 I used Couvre for years which is a paste in a tube . Dermatch is a dry disc . You wet the applicator and rub it on the disc . The small applicator makes it difficult to get good coverage . I found if you use foam wedges that you can get at any makeup counter they provide better coverage . Couvre provides such a wedge . I wanted to try Dermatch because of some of the good reviews and the fact it should last 6 months or more . The Couvre lasts me maybe 2 months but is much cheaper also . I 'll use the Dermatch in a pinch when I 'm out of my other product but wo n't spend the 40 plus dollars on it ever again . In my opinion it 's not worth the price for the coverage it provides . Also when my hair dries it 's a little lighter where the Dermatch got onto my hair providing a slight difference in color from the covered area and non covered area . I really do n't care for that feature . The paste Couvre does not do that . I 'll stick with my old standby . No more Dermatch for me .
 Have you ever seen those bald guys that try to cover up a spot with makeup and it looks really fake ... well this is what that reminded me of . The dark brown was more like black and it just didnt look good . I could tell it was there and anyone within 5 feet of me could tell too . I returned this and bought Toppik . Toppik isnt make-up it 's an actual fiber . When I shook the can onto the bathroom sink -LRB- just to see what it looked like -RRB- it looked like my boyfriend had left little hairs after shaving . Buy Toppik with the spray !
 The brush I received was NOT a Boar Bristle Brush.It is almost completely plastic bristles . If you look real close there might be some boar bristles in there but very few .
 You 're better off getting a brush like this at Walgreen 's -LRB- same quality lower price -RRB- ... . Not what I expected ... pretty cheap quality for the price ... I should have gone to Sally 's Supplies to get the quality I wanted ...
 It dried out my skin and did n't heal anything . But it hid it well like a concealer . That 's about it .
 I do n't know if I 'm going to be able to continue using this product long enough to evaluate whether it works to clear up my acne or not because the smell is just too bothersome . I put it on before bed and wake up in the morning still smelling it . My husband complains of the smell as well.The tint and the texture that bothered some people was not a problem for me - just the smell .
 All this did was make it worse . It was thick & not flesh friendly at all . I smelled like sulfur all day long , which eventually made me sick . NOT worth paying to have acne when I can just get it for free . Another waste of my money . Had some insensitive jerk accuse me of actually working for a rival company because of my review . Hate to tell you all but there are just some of us who never find anything that will clear up a complexion . Nothing has worked for me in 2 decades - or if it did they would discontinue it . I 'm a hideous mess with dozens of growths plaguing my face & nothing , not some stupid kit , or cream , or lotion , or gel , all of the popular medicated additives , or Rx 's ... nothing . And this did n't work either . But I 'm glad for those of you it did work for .
 I clicked on a product titled `` EO - Chamomile & Honey Conditioner , 8 fl oz liquid '' but was taken to a page showing a photo of a LAVENDER conditioner instead of a chamomile and honey one . The product description says it contains chamomile and honey , but if you read the ingredients , the chamomile and honey are nowhere listed . And if you read the comments , it says that this product smells like Lavender . So it appears that the product description and ingredients do NOT match the actual product that is sold through this page .
 I gave it 2 stars because it did n't have as strong a scent as the shampoo did.My hair did n't feel that soft after leaving on for extended time , and also looked greasy hours later . -LRB- note
 I was disappointed with my purchase . I believe my purchase of this perfume was a knock off . I have purchased this perfume online before n I loved it . This item this time just did not smell like it should n I have to spray alot to have any sent stay on me . Now to top it off the gold top if the perfume bottle is changing colors like the perfume is actually eating away the gold color . This is my favorite perfume and can only purchase it online because it has been discontinued . That is why I bought the bigger bottle this time ... but now how disappointed I am :-LRB- .
 The packaging was different from original . Perfume has very similar smell , but with strong alcohol scent . Golden coloring on the bottle itself came off after couple uses .
 Buenas , amigo ped&iacute; 3 colonias y las que llegaron fueron 2 bill blass 1 de euphoria ?? pido una explicaci&oacute;n ustedes mandaron el paquete completo o robaron en el envio
 I tried to purchase this product from the different sellers . All of them deliver the bottle in the open box . It does not like an original Blass product ...
 Old , smelled like scented rubbing alcohol . I know this cologne -- bought since the 90 's . VERY , VERY dissapointed with what I received . I will never buy this from you again . Wondered how long it 's been sitting on the shelf , or if it 's a fake . Bought two bottles and spent well over $ 100 .
 I 'm really wondering what the hype is about this perfume . It really stinks ! It 's way too strong . If you use more than one spray you 'll need a gas mask . Yeah . I 'm definitely returning it .
 This color is VERY light and is not what you 're looking for if you want a bright purple . If you want something that will stand out , go with a different color ! This is not a reflection on this seller . The Pink I purchased as well as the blue were great ! Seller shipped quickly !
 It was far to light on my hair it did n't look like what it said it would and after it faded to pink within two days of hardly washing it
 I was hoping for a comb similar to the Champion Hard Rubber 43t which it was not . I was not good for backcombing as I had hoped .
 I have been using an older Z-Fogless mirror for years and decided it was time to replace it.These new mirrors with adjustable magnification are just terrible . Like wearing the wrong glasses or taking acid while shaving . They should just go back to a basic 8 x 10 sized regular mirror .
 We bought this product , and kind of wish we had n't . The light is not very helpful for my husband - we are going to install a light in the ceiling fan , and think it will be much better . Also , the battery that it came with did n't work ... it just is n't a great product - I would rather pay more for something that works .
 The speedy delivery and quick service was my immediate response to feedback but I bought this as a gift for my husband for his birthday so it was not opened for awhile . Trying to be kind he said , OH MY THIS SMELLS LIKE DIRTY SOCKS !! ... I was floored because as a child I remembered the scent of my Father coming out of a Barber Shop and that was what we were looking to purchase . I also awhile back bought Bay Rum for the same reason and it was an excellent buy although expensive well worth the price of the item . For those who have given this an excellent rating it is obvious that this a mixed review item . Now that it has been opened to late to return !!
 well I never actually got a chance to use this toner . I did try a different toner from hazel that worked miracles on my skin . I would diffidently recommend hazel toners to friends and anyone who wants to have better looking skin .
 i should have probably tried to return this ... but how do you know what it smells like before you open it . I have chanel perfume -LRB- the same exact one -RRB- in my bathroom right now , it was getting low , saw the cheap price for this one & got it . The smell and the color is different & most likely it is expired perfume . Never again will i buy perfume from any amazon sellers . Only in the department stores .
 This mirror is large , light , and distortion free - and the stand idea works . But as for the lighting ... it was downright laughable ! It is two tiny dim flashlight spots . It does n't light the mirror surface AT ALL . This would possibly get 3 stars from anyone just wanting it for a magnifying mirror , if it did n't claim that it was a lighted mirror . It is NOT a lighted mirror - it is a mirror with a lighted handle !
 I ordered one of these mirrors for my mom and one for me . After much prodding , she admitted that she could n't see with the mirror , the lights did n't shine on the viewing area . The next time I visited , I checked the mirror and sure enough , the lights were dim . I ordered another one for her and tried to return the first . The price had gone up $ 5 and there is a return fee . I just ordered another one , it did n't work either . Out of three mirrors , one worked sporadically . I boxed up the other two and sent them back with a letter . I was never reimbursed , did n't get the mirrors back and did n't hear from the company.Crappy mirrors , crappy service .
 I bought this product because it was described as a `` Moisturizing Cleanser '' which opens pores . This product is simply a mix of mineral oil and Vaseline . The label shows the first two contents as mineral oil and petrolatum . Once you have it on your skin it does not wash off with water . I attempted to wash my hands and the water just beaded up and rolled off the skin . It leaves the skin looking and feeling greasy because it 's literally coated with petroleum jelly . Just buy Vaseline at the store and you 'll have essentially the same product . Again this is NOT a moisturizer .
 At first , smells kind of sweet , but now I 'm finding it grows on you . I should have waited a few more days before giving it a rating of `` 1 '' . It 's sweeter smelling than I usually prefer , but there 's something about it that rounds out any rough edges during the day . Plus , it is soothing and does not irritate the face . Nostalgic , yes , and sort of floral but probably better smelling than some of the expensive items which stink so bad after a few hours you just want to wash it off . Unfortunately , the on-site Amazon program wo n't let me change my rating or I 'd up it to a three .
 This stuff is like the gift that keeps on giving . The smell is sooooo strong and it does not subside for hours ; in fact it seems to get stronger . This might be a good thing if you like the scent , unfortunately I can not stand it . Its like a full frontal attack on my nostrils . To be fair , my husband loves this stuff -LRB- for this I give it one star -RRB- . After reading the other reviews about how it makes you feel like a man , now I understand why . But all these guys should take up boxing or something ; there has to be a better way . I actually got into a fight with my husband about him refusing to stop using this product . Bottom line , if you want to smell very strongly of old man , go for it . Otherwise , for the love of God , please choose something else .
 This product is still in USA , it ca n't fly outside for safety reasons , i need the return pack code please , for star the process in my package office .
 I 'm an TSAR customer since a long time ago . I ordered 5 of this , one for me and 4 as a gift . When i first use one of then , I realized that the smell did n't stay after 1or 2 hours . After a cheching on the item I found the mislocated label which just confirmed that this is a FAKE . I ca n't return , because I took them to Brazil . Take care with this supplier .
 I had to return all of the items I ordered since I made the mistake of ordering the `` waterproof '' version . I had tried this before and it smudged down onto my cheeks and onto my eyelids . In no way was it `` waterproof . '' I am expecting ABC -LRB- the company I ordered this from -RRB- to notify Amazon so I can see a credit on my credit card .
 I purchased this gensing miracle 8 oil and received it promptly . I however , did not like the smell of it . I contacted the company twice and they refuse to contact me about my return . I am very disappointed in this product and with the return policy .
 Antibiotic resistant bacteria are a * huge * problem in this country . Antibacterial soaps have been conclusively found to be no more effective at killing germs than plain old soap and water . There is great concern about increasing resistance due to the widespread use of these products in everything from hand soap to toothpaste to tile cleaner . Even the FDA called them into quesiton this fall -- Google `` FDA antibacterial soap '' for lots of information . Please -- for the sake of your children , your elderly parents , and mine , do n't fall for the manipulative advertising that leads you to think these products make your family safer -- the opposite is the truth . -LRB- rated a 1 only because I had to rate it something -RRB-
 Well , for me , the thumb hole was too small -LRB- I am a small boned female-ring finger size 5 -RRB- ; I had to remove the inside rubber ring . Scissors did n't cut well either . I suppose they 'll be good for other things ; just not hair . Disappointed .
 My mistake , I thought I was getting 3 packages of 3 bars of soap , or 9 bars of soap , making it a dollar a bar . No I got 3 bars for 9 dollars . I learned my lesson .
 I gave this item one star because you can not give it zero stars . I recently purchased this and to my own fault , did not look closely enough . Because of the price , I assumed it was 3 - `` 3 packs '' . It was actually only 3 bars . That is an outrageous price for 3 bars of soap . I am very disappointed that Amazon does n't have parameters in place that would prohibit their vendors from price-gouging this way . The soap is typical Dial bar soap - great . The scent is very clean . Although hard to find , it is still available - you just have to look harder .
 I love this soap and was disappointed when I could n't find it in the store anymore . I was happy to find it here but found the price high and the size of the bars small .
 The picture makes it look like its actually 9 bars but its only 3 . This makes the product not even close to being competitively priced .
 Clairol claims that its botanicals are grown under `` certified organic conditions . '' The question is
 Like many others on here I have received my Curve -LRB- Green -RRB- Bottle and am very disappointed . I bought this from a department store years ago and was very satisfied , so I decided to order this product online through Amazon . The price after all was too good to be true . Since many people buying the 6.8 oz from Amazon stated that it is nothing more than a watered down version , I decided to go with the 4.2 oz from Amazon but through AAA Perfume LC . The shipment arrived very quickly but the cologne is still fake . When I purchased Curve from a department store the scent lasted for hours , however , this product lasts 15 minutes if that . Very disappointed and I would recommend people skip this or buy it from a department store where you know you are getting an authentic product .
 I bought this about two years ago when it was on lighting deals . I really do n't like it . My wife does n't like it too . the bottle is still full . I do n't know who will like it . it is strong and smell not good.well , this is my opinion , it is the worst cologne I ever bought .
 I wanted to order this for my husband and specifically chose this because the description for the product stated it was eligible for free shipping with Amazon Prime . When I went to check out however , I was only able to select standard shipping which would have made it arrive too late for my purposes . I called Customer Service , and they said that it could not be shipped using Amazon Prime because the product required `` special handling '' . Oh well ...
 Because I liked this soap I ordered 9 bars and received 9 bars of Pure & Natural in various aged packaging . The soap appears to be rather old the packaging somewhat sun-faded and of mixed parentage , different wrappers some from Pure & Natural and others from Dial Soap . I called the telephone number on the soap and was informed by Dial that their Dial Basic was the identical product and the Pure & Natural label had been discontinued . So instead of spending a fortune on soap from here , shipping cost more than my 9 bars , look about in the supermarket for Dial Basic because it 's the same thing with different packaging . And will probably be a year or so younger .
 It looks absolutely like the real one but I 've had it before and can not make a mistake . It 's close to the real fragrance , but lasts no more than 10 min . Now I use it for home fragrance , or fabric refresher but I believe Febreze is a way better . I had never had a fake product from amazon , but I believe I 'm not trying the perfumes anymore
 You are much better off buying this locally . Walgreens is substantially cheaper . I have n't looked elsewhere , but would guess Wal Mart is an even better deal if they carry it .
 I have to pour a ton into the water to get a nice full bubble bath . But worse than that , it burns my boys ' eyes . They have bloodshot eyes and red eyelids by the end of the bath . My little one -LRB- 14 months -RRB- cries if he rubs his eyes and my older boy -LRB- 23/4 years -RRB- yells for me to dry his eyes if he touches them . It 's really sad . :-LRB- I see so many great reviews , but I just do n't get why . Seems like most people like for the nostalgia . I 'll try Johnson and Johnson 's tear free bubble bath and I hope it 's better !
 I bought this to help keep me from tearing/biting my nails , and I was kind of disappointed . It goes on just fine , and dries quickly , and at first it looked really nice . However , it also peels off really easily , leaving my nails looking worse than before .
 the boyfriend is * NOT * a fan . Personally , I find myself feeling `` candied '' . And though it fades well enough , I 'm not thrilled about the scent I have to deal with before arriving at the fade .
 I 'd been using this product for a while and it was okay . I did n't really feel like I was being `` deeply moisturized '' but I did n't think it was a bad product.Then one day I was in the shower . I normally use separate soap for my face , but I was really sweaty from working out so I absent mindedly ran my washcloth over my face . I couple of seconds later I felt a burning sensation . Then my eyes started to throb . I got out of the shower and saw myself in the mirror . The entire whites of my eyes were bright red . I ran my eyes under some water , but that did n't seem to help . I called my husband to come help and when he saw me he gasped and said , `` Oh my God ! '' I seriously considered taking myself to the ER . The pain was intense . My husband got out a bottle of contact solution and spent about 15 minutes rinsing my eyes . After that the redness improved slightly and they were n't burning and aching anymore , so I figured I would be okay without the ER . I rinsed my eyes out a few more times that day and the issue was mostly resolved when I woke up the next morning , though I did have some residual pain . It was almost like my eyeballs were still swollen and it was painful to move them around.I understand that soap can irritate your eyes . I know this is n't baby shampoo . But it 's not like I directly poured this into my eyes . I just think it 's unacceptable for a product to cause so big of an issue from a little soap suds in the eye . It 's bound to happen occasionally . There is no way to big of a reaction for me to feel comfortable using this product again !
 The Dove Ultra-Moisturizing Body Wash does n't lather as well as most other body washes on the market . It claims to moisturize your skin , but I could n't tell any difference with my skin after using it . I found the scent unattractive as well .
 I definitely would n't buy this product or recommend it to my friends or family . The scent is too harsh . Also , it made my skin feel very dry . The lather was fair , but I definitely like the rich moisturizing Dove or Caress body wash . The price is entirely too much . You can get a better body wash for only a few cents more .
 I have the real one and it 's amazing !!!! . This one is not the same ! It 's fake or reformulated . It 's more synthentic and missing warm and sexy scent . Very upset with my purchase .
 I recently purchased 3 Tonytails for my daughter . She is a dancer and uses them for competition . All three of them BROKE before we could get them in her hair - one was still in the package ! Save your money !!
 This product did not work for me at all . It was chunky and somewhat thick . I used it for at least a month and my acne only got worse . DO N'T waste your time using Clearasil Daily Face Wash. . Try Clean & Clean Deep Action Cleanser .
 i dont know where to start . i used this thing like 2 times a day and it never ever ever worked . everytime i used it id feel a bunch of drying but then the next day , i still had pimples . pure trash ill never get this again . try Proactiv that actually works unlike this useless waste of money .
 This soap has 8 reviews written in a span of 3 days . Most of them look alike . I really suspect if these are geniune reviews .
 This soap is just wonderful . Its soft silky feeling leaves you feeling fresh throughout the day . And best of all , it 's non-perfumed and ideal for those with sensitive skin . Its moisturizers work throughout the day to keep your skin fresh and healthy all day long .
 The product was fine and authentic . But I did n't realize it would be a small sample of the type handed out in department stores .
 Well , I only really ordered this cologne as a tester since I wasnt sure If I wanted to purchase a larger quantity and I say this , `` I 'm glad I did n't order a 4.0 oz bottle from this company . '' My little bottle appears to be missing all of the chrome finish on the cap , which is not a big deal at all in my opinion , but the bottle was actually about 10 percent full . I ordered this as a sample and I really got a sample . I did not bother contacting seller since the product was only a few bucks . I 'd rather be the wiser and never order again .
 This mask claims to be a miracle mask . It left red blotches on my chin , and no noticeable difference after many applications . The tube is difficult to work as there are 2 separate creams which are supposed to be rubbed together to create your mask , but at the beginning I could only get one of them out of the tube . What a waste of money . You are better off buying a $ 4 mud mask from a discount store .
 I was hoping this soap would work for my dry , itchy skin due to the 1/4 moisturizers , but it pretty much dried my skin out like any regular bar of soap . For the claims & the price , my experience = a rip off . I really wanted to like this soap ... sadly I do n't because it strips my skin of the little moisture it already has . Not too fond of the smell either . The lather is good though .
 My husband excavated an ancient bottle of Cool Water that he must have had since high school , and has started using it . When I 'm around a fresh spritz , it 's like millions of bees , ants , wasps , and hornets are all attacking my sinuses at once . If any of your loved ones has a sensitive nose , spare them the agony that is Cool Water .
 my wife really did not like it on me . I have worn Sante Fe since we have been marriedand I am afraid she will not accept anything else .
 Hi !!! I wrote many times about this order , because it does n't arrives to my adress , but I do n't response yet.I want a document that show who recived my product.Please , I wait your response.Edwin Ceballos '' .
 I would seriously caution anyone before using this on their face . The ingredients are listed as &#34; all natural &#34; , but are still very irritating to some kinds of skins . You should research sandalwood , juniper berries , etc because its just not worth it . I put it on and received incredibly painful exfoliation to the degree that I 've never had before.Please trust me , and avoid . If you 're determined to get it , try out a small sample first - a drop on your hand or something - to make sure you 're not allergic .
 I have eczema on my hands and I was hoping that `` for sensitive skin '' meant it would n't irritate my hands . It stung just like any other bar of soap . It did n't seem spectacular in any way . Just regular soap .
 I 've ordered this product 3 times and I 've had to return it each time because of the defective pump top . The contents spill all over the box . Then I have to take time to repackage and make yet another trip to the post office . The product is great but the packaging is horrible . Attempts to send a general e-mail to even see if I can get a different packaging process or the pump sent separately in the box result in the same response - return it .
 I ordered six bottles of this lotion , but they were packed in one carton without any protection . They were all broken from the side when I received those lotions , and there 's no way for me to use them but dump into the trash can . For the weight of more than two pounds in one bottle -LRB- total more than 12 pounds -RRB- , it should be packed in a better way to prevent the damage during the transportation . I do n't think I 'll buy it again until this problem 's solved .
 This product is loaded with harmful chemicals and frankly I would n't want to wear all that garbage on my body ! Thank goodness for WendyLou 's Natural Bath . All vegetable based bath and body products . Her goats milk lotion is wonderful and so moisturizing . I also love her homemade goats milk soaps . No animal testing either .
 I recently bought some more Q-tips . I use them every day . You known when you 're all dry from the shower but your ears are still wet ? Well , these are the only things that will do the job . So , as I said , I recently bought some more . And may I say that I hate the generic versions of Q-tips
 Sometime in the past year -LRB- or so -RRB- Q-Tips dramatically changed the amount of cotton on its swabs.They have probably 1/3 to 1/2 the amount they did previously . I used to be able to ` twirl ' a tip counterclockwise against a terry towel to `` puff it up '' and get more absorbancy . Not any more.These have definitely changed into a second-rate swab , and everyone in my family noticed it in our most recent 500-pack . Shame on Unilever !
 I am glad I found you guys . I opened by Q-Tips today and thought I was crazy . I thought there was a mistake , this could not be q-tips , did I get the wrong package ? I put them from the box in a container so I dug around and found the box in case I made a mistake and I had n't . Then , I found an old Q-Tip in my travel bag and sure enough , the new ones are like cheesy , stinky , generic but I paid brand name price ! My mom used Q-Tip before me and I have bought them myself for 30 years and they were a non-negotiable item as far as cutting corners . Had to have the brand ! I really feel let down and I am so glad I am not alone ! I sent a note to the company but only after reading your comments . Do n't know if it will help .
 Alas I concur with many other reviewers . I got some cheap generic swabs from the drugstore that were just awful . Barely enough cotton on the ends to look like a swab , let alone clean anything . So I sprung for a package of ` real ' Q-Tips . Turns out the name-brand is only SLIGHTLY better than the generics . Does anybody know of a company that makes quality Q-Tips any more ? These are not worth buying , I 'm sad to say .
 even my husband , who usually notices nothing , thought I bought a cheap imitation brand . I will be from now on because they have so little cotton and the slippery stick is awful .
 The cotton on these unravels every single time I use them ! I did n't have any troubles with the stick bending etc , but the cotton issue is terrible !! I bought these since they were on sale so cheap - 2 bucks - but now I regret it.I usually buy generic ones at the Dollar Tree , for a dollar of course , and those work perfectly well and NEVER unravel on me . I figured for the price , I 'd buy these QTip brand , but boy was that a mistake . I ca n't even believe these things are so poor in quality , but yet the price is premium . Ripoff .
 I unfortunately have to tell you that I am not happy with your product , I have been purchasing Q-tips for 40 years and use to love them , I now find that the stick is to flexible and there is not enough cotton on the tips , that they are extremely uncomfortable . even my children and husband have complained non-stop with this last box of Q-tips I recently purchased . I do hope that you will go back making them the way you used to make them.A very unhappy customers . Patti Ursulak
 Size matters when it comes to cotton swabs . I 've always spent the extra money to buy Qtips brand swabs , BUT NO MORE . My wife and I have noticed that the once large and fluffy cotton heads are now gone . There is NOTHING less satisfying than sticking what feels like a match head in your ear canal after a good hot shower . I 've even tried ` fluffing ' up the heads , but there 's not even enough cotton on the tips anymore to do that ! Very unfulfilling and all to save a buck - I 'll take my earwax elsewhere ...
 The New Condensed Q-Tip -- just god-awful !!! I agree with another reviewer ... . shame on you Qtips !!! Just imagine all the Hollywood make-up folk ... running all over the land to now find new DECENT swabs !!!! oh my god -- are you out of your mind Qtips ?!??!! I just called J&J ; and expressed my disappointment and angst ; my $ 4.09 refund is on it 's way . EVERYBODY else SHOULD DO the same!Use the ph # on the back of the box , ca n't put it here ... . with the 5 I have left -- antiques roadshow here I come ! ================== UPDATE : For those , as I , still filled with angst ... . I 'm picking up a pkg of these : ** Royal Wood Stick Cotton Swabs 1 Box - 300 Count -LRB- $ 7.98 + freeShip -RRB- ** ... found here on amazon . A little pricey but what I want and am willing to pay.Double-sided cotton tips and WOOD sticks w/decent reviews ... anything has got to be better than these . Too bad Qtips , 50 + yrs , it was nice ... but I have to go now .
 Because I had order this Dec. 28 , 2012 and it is unuseable . The brush wo n't come out of the bottle . It must have been old when it was sent . . It usually last longer that this one . I need to order another one . Bondini is usally the best brush-on glue there is very disappointed .
 I tried using this instead of my regular nail glue ; the nails were coming off within the first day . I ended up losing four nails before the next day . The rest came off by the end of the week . What exactly is the point of this stuff if it does not adhere artificial nails to natural nails?Terrible . Heartily encourage you to buy something far better .
 This glue did not work well for me at all . It is not strong . My fake nails popped off easily with this glue
 I have been using this cream for the past 17 years because it has SPF and is unscented but Olay recently changed the ingredient formula and the cream now has a weird smell . I will look for a replacement brand now because the smell is not pleasant and is quite noticeable .
 As a reviewer mentioned earlier , this product has recently changed . However , it is not just the smell that is a problem . My skin reacts to the new formula ! So disappointing because I too was a loyal user of this product for about 10 years and suddenly I 'm back in the market for a good moisturizer/spf ...
 I was n't particularly impressed overall with the bar . I had to stop using it after two days , as it made my face extremely dry a minute or two after I 'd rinsed and dried my face . I would n't recommend it to anyone who has dry skin to begin with , especially in the winter . For me , it 'd be a summertime product . On the plus side , it was non-irritating , had a nice , not overpowering , scent , and it lathered really well . It rinsed off easily , and removed all makeup .
 I CA N'T use soap on my face or I break out . At 63 years of age , that 's a no , no !! So I tried the Oil of Olay Sensitive Skin Bath Bar for a specific reason -- to see if I could use this on my face . To make a long story short , the day after using the bath bar , a big hard lump formed on my chin . Yes , there was the break-out again . I used it that evening and the next day , a smaller place on my cheek had broken out too . At least it was n't on the end of my nose . So , as I see it , I still ca n't use soap on my face .
 Ignore the previous review written in February . I , too , love the Touchables hair spray , and after reading that review I ordered 6 cans . They are no longer filling orders with the hairspray specified in the description . I received 6 cans of the new product , which I have already trashed . It 's terrible !! and shipping it back is too expensive to bother with .
 I just started using this about a month and a half ago . I used it the first week ... with no problems at all and I really liked how it looked . I put it on the second week , and I thought I might have accidentally mixed the `` Just For Men '' mixture with an incompatible chemical like sunscreen or something . My face became very red only under the beard area where I applied the mixture . It itched like I had massive amounts of poison ivy . This went on for about 4-5 days . I took a few weeks off without using it , and then I resumed the process this week . I applied it for about 5 minutes Monday morning , and by lunchtime , my face was bright red and itching like crazy . It 's now Thursday night , and I 'm rubbing ice all over my face just to stop the itching . I 'm assuming it 'll stop again like it did before , but if not , I 'll be headed to a dermatologist in a few days . Be careful about the `` try it on a small patch of skin '' as a sample test ... that does n't mean you 'll be fine . I used it on my whole face the first week and there was no reaction , and the next time I used it , I had this extreme reaction . As others have mentioned , it feels like a chemical burn .
 I also had an issue with irritated skin in the area where I had used the product . I had some itchy areas which when scratched a little peeled off and started bleeding . I felt like the Fly movie and my face was coming apart . I was afraid that I had cancer or something ! Basically , try not to get much on your skin below the hair -LRB- which is n't easy -RRB- and probably limit the time that it is on . I had used it a couple of times before with only minor irritation , but this time I let it get on my skin too much I think . The coloring of the hair itself works pretty good .
 For over a year now , the caps on the 2 tubes have been found defective . Sometimes they do not open at all . Had to return several of them . I learnt the hard way ... For some more experiences on the caps of the tubes ... On one ocassion I used force and the whole tube twisted . When I used excessive force , the cap opened and the gel spurted out , wasting half of the contents . On another ocassion , the cap cracked and would not close . As a result , the contents were exposed to air and got black -LRB- spoilt -RRB- . Had to throw it out.This is otherwise a good product . However , the manufacturer should not resort to cheap tricks that cause wastage just to improve sales .
 I bought my first batch of this in February . It colored well , although I should have gone a shade lighter . The allergy test went without incident . The box lasted until May , when I bought a replacement.That 's where things took a turn . I applied the coloring on a Sunday night . Monday morning , I awoke with swelling on the left side of my mouth , and an oozing sore above my upper lip . At first , I thought I had picked up a skin disease but discovered by searching on the web that a change in the chemical formula brings on such a reaction to many users.I quit using the product immediately , however I am still suffering side effects today - three months later . The swelling on one side has never completely disappeared and the area where I suffered the oozing burned away some of my facial hair.Should I decide to recolor my facial hair I will swallow my pride and have it done by a pro . Otherwise , I will follow my doctor 's advice and look distinguished .
 The new formula causes a very bad chemical burn for many if not most users . I encourage you to do a search on other site reviews of this product -LRB- search `` Just For Men Chemical Burn '' -RRB- and you will see what others have experienced . It is awful ! I would guess this product will be recalled and removed from store shelves in the very near future . I have even heard mention of a class action lawsuit . While the old formula worked fine , this new one has far to many risks . The burning sensation I experienced was horrible and lasted a week . I have read of others who have experienced much worse . I sure hope other companies come forward to offer a similiar product that is safe as there is a huge market for this . I strongly encourage you to avoid this product .
 My face is a mass of weeping blisters and the itching is intense . My jaw and neck are noticeably swollen . I wish that I would have read the review of this product on -LSB- ... -RSB- website prior to my purchasing and using the product . How is this product - Just For Men Brush In Gel still manufactured is a mystery . Where 's the FDA when you need them ? Where are the litigants , because surely someone has sued these folks ?
 I been using this product for a while now . 1st of all , the color fades fast . Even though the packaging says it 's supposed to last for multiple applications i.e. about 3 , it does n't . I can only get about 2 . the thing is really hard to mix because they put a riser in the middle of the mixing tray , God knows why ... it does n't make any sense . Is it just so I can see which half is which ? Since I 'm supposed to put one cream on one side and the other on the other ? How stupid do you think I am that I need an actual raised plastic line to see where half of the tray is ? the thing also stinks like mad and if you drop it on anything it will stain it permanently .
 After years of using this product , I immediately noticed a difference when my face broke out in an unbearable itch , sores and redness . The new formula -LRB- which the company denied existed at first -RRB- makes it impossible to use this product anymore . This product should be recalled by the FDA . Even using it once could be harmful
 It 's $ 28 a bottle when their Nature Therapy Condition is WAYYY BETTER & half the price ! Do n't buy this , buy Loreal 's Nature 's Therapy conditioner . I buy mine @ Sally 's & my hair feels so smooth & so much more healthier and silkier and easier on your pocket book too . $ 28 is way to much for such a small bottle of a conditioner that is just so-so .
 I am a regular user of this Masque . But this time the product I received was not good . Looked like an artificial product and not the original Loreal absolut repair masque .
 My hair looked the same as when I use my cheap conditioner . I do recommend Loreal power dose , this really works .
 I purchased this product because my hair dresser reccommended it . Soon after using this product I broke out in a horrible rash on my neck . I made an appointment with a dermatologist who suggested it was likely the Shampoo that caused my terrible rash . I have a strong suspicion that the product I received was not actually absolute hair repair but a cheap rash causing substitute . My advice do not buy from this seller !
 This product was delivered extremely fast which I was very happy about because it was shipped from Hong Kong . But once I opened it I saw that there was no protect ant seal on it and that it was not the correct product in the bottle . I have bought this conditioner for years and what was in this bottle was not the same conditioner . It had an awful smell , was a terrible yellow color and looked nothing like the real product . It was obvious when it came with no seal on it that the seller was attempting to sell me a fake product by filling the bottle with something else . I am very disappointed in my purchase and will never buy from this seller again .
 I ordered the Absolut Repair Masque and Shampoo with Neofibrine , and I received the Lactic Acid cellular repair . I thought to give it a try , and I did n't like it . The Neofibrine formula feels more concentrated and using a very small amount of the product will do the work , and the Lactic Acid feels more diluted . I have used the Neofibrine Absolut Repair for a long time and it really helps my hair . I have straightened my hair in Brazil with a Loreal product -LRB- Brazilian blowout that lasts 1 year or until the hair grows -RRB- . I also do n't like to receive what I did n't order . It 's posted Neofibrine on the product picture , and they are selling the Lactic Acid product .
 The prduct inside the conditioner is not real . It is so thin , less conditioing than a $ 6 pantene conditioner . I believe the seller `` haircare24inc '' has packaged a cheaper product in the loreal jar and sent it . It is heavy so not worthwhile to send it back and pay all the postage -LRB- about $ 15 both ways -RRB- so I just kept it but would hate for anyone else to be duped .
 I bought this last Christmas for my husband and it is not worth it . The clip on light was the first thing to break . Then the plastic connectors that are used to attach the light to the shower head broke when I tried to take the mirror down . Now it 's completley useless . That was too much money wasted for what little time it was used .
 The bottle was so tiny you can only use it twice . I didnt realize it was a mini and this small , even for the price I think they could have came up with a decent size , but other than that I received product in a timely manner upon ordering .
 OK , let me first say that the shipping on this was really fast . So no problem there.My gripe here is that the name of this product is confusingly similar to the fragrance I really wanted ; `` Jessica McClintock '' . When I got the bottle and put it on , expecting to experience salient notes of Lilly of the Valley , roses , Citrus , woods and Greens -LRB- which are the notes I was longing for when ordering ; `` Jessica McClintock -RRB- , I thought something was wrong with my body chemistry because the smell of musk kept on wafting up instead.The clincher here was that I did my due diligence by first going to main `` Jessica McClintock '' site , under `` fragrances '' and found no other mentions of any fragrances other than `` Jessica McClintock '' -LRB- the one I wanted -RRB- . So , I got back to my favorite Amazon store , saw what I thought was a small mini bottle of same stuff and it turned out to be the wrong thing.I do n't know how many other people made the same mistake as me by thinking they were ordering `` Jessica McClintock ' but it seems like an easy one to make given it appears to be a small bottle option of a bigger bottle of `` Jessica McClintock ' and the name is confusingly similar . So , my main issue here is the name of the product leading into possible confusion of what one is ordering.I guess I shall leave it as ; do n't make same mistake I did . `` Jess '' by Jessica McClintock is totally different fragrance from `` Jessica McClintock '' by Jessica McClintock . `` Jessica McClintock '' is a fresh crisp floral . This thing is more in venue of sultry oriental amber .
 PROS
 The product leaves a film on my hair . My hair feels weighed down and dirty . I have dry hair so this is highly unusual for me .
 This product used to work on my hair when my hair was in a healthier condition and there was n't much to `` Repair '' . Even since I have gotten highlights this product does n't do anything for me anymore . It 's almost like using nothing , does n't soften my hair , my hair is tangled and unmanageable , my scalp is really dry and L'Oreal is not `` repairing '' at all . Have also tried L'Oreal 's Kerastase , and I think it 's just an overpriced myth . I am switching to more natural solutions .
 I ca n't believe it . I have worn this colonge for years now and believe me the wife knows the smell . I dont know where Amazon ... yes Amazon got this bottle but I was suspicious when the PRADA on the bottle was huge when compared to my existing empties . The smell is not even close . I 'm truly shocked . Called Amazon and they refunded didn ' t want it back and told me to just post feedback when I said I wanted to talk to someone about this since selling fakes is a crime . Nice eh ?
 I may have ordered the wrong one or was shipped . Never followed through to return for not sure who was at fault . My regrets not the scent for me -LRB- I wished for clear color received blueish -RRB- 3rd party shipping was free and delivery packaging & timing superb . Would certainly use them again . The one referred to the cologne only .
 I order this product , which smell great , however because it didnt come as a seal top , it wasted in my over night bag , which was because of the spray pump that you have to attach . now Im out of prada and my money . wow !!!!!
 My wife bought this for me for xmas , when I opened it I could tell right away it was a -LRB- bad -RRB- fake . The metal plate looked like a 5 year old made it , the bottle itself was so bad that I do n't know how it did n't break during shipping , and lastly it smells like crap , I mean chemical crap . The seller did refund me every last dime but the disappointment on my wife 's face when I told her it was a fake was heartbreaking . So buyer beware ...
 Love Prada as it 's a great scent ... however , when I got this in the mail and opened the box , the sprayer on the bottle was broken completely off and no way to fix it . Makes me wonder that it could have only come from the seller this way , and/or was returned and then sent back out like this ... not sure , either way , it 's still usable but have to put the sprayer back into the bottle then use . For the money I spent on this , it should not be this way ! I 've contacted the seller as provided on this site , and they sent instructions a mile long and confusing as to the procedure how to go about returning this product . Too much time consuming for me to be bothered ! I wo n't be ordering cologne from Amazon.com ever again !
 I feel bad giving this a two star review , because scents are so personal in general . I did a blind buy of this , not having smelt it before . That was perhaps a mistake on my part , but typically I know what I like and am not disappointed . However , the smell to me is too powdery , too soapy , and too overpowering to really be enjoyable . If you love `` clean '' scents - then this might be the scent for you . It 's extremely clean , and that is the dominant theme in the scent . In its defense , I personally find the smell more appealing after it settles on my skin for a few hours , but immediately after spraying it , I tend to find it to be overwhelming and overpowering . My personal opinion is that a scent should be defining and appealing , but not overpowering . I personally do n't want people to smell me the moment I enter a room , but rather prefer that they notice the scent when they come closer . I personally just find this scent to be too one-note and dominant to be something I 'd wear with any regularity . It 's not offensive , it 's just too much . But scents work different on everyone 's body , so perhaps it 's simply not the right fit for me . I do n't hate it , but I would n't buy it again .
 This is clearly a fake . Liquid is clear when it shold have a light blue color to it . The word PRADA is the wrong size on the bottle and worst of all it does n't smell anything like it should . I thought being sold by Amazon it would be okay . How wrong I was .
 I really did n't care for this perfume at all . The notes were extremely masculine to me , and frankly I did n't feel there was anything too unique about it . I think Burberry in general smells wonderful on men , but I have yet to find a perfume of theirs that I would wear .
 I really like Burberry The Beat for women and wanted to try Touch . How far off could they be ? Night and day . I like more sweet smelling perfumes . This one totally reminds me of Axe deodorant . It 's very woodsy . To me it smells way to masculine to be a female perfume . Nauseating .
 I buy it but on the advertisement there is no indication that it was a tester , I should tell the customer if it is a tester , It make me made a mistake and I have to spend extra money to buy another one that was not a tester .
 I agree with the other reviewers in that this product used to have a light , wonderful lavender scent . Now it has more of a Pine-Sol cleaning smell scent to it , and it smells more like Rosemary than Lavender . : -LRB-
 This was a household standby for easily ten years . Recently , I purchased 5 bottles only to find that the scent has changed from a natural , lovely fragrance of lavender to a pungent , chemically odor . I would never recommend this product to anyone again unless they have no sense of smell .
 I have ordered this product for years and this is the first time the product was rotten . I do n't know if the natural lavender botanicals were spoiled , but the shower gel smelled only of chemicals - and a disgusting combination of those . I could n't use the product and threw away large quantities of it . I will never order it again .
 This bath & shower `` gel '' was completely watered down . I estimate that it was 25-50 % original gel and 50-75 % water . I should have known when I saw that this came from a 3rd party vendor instead of the actual manufacturers with Amazon Prime guarantee . When I invert the bottle , the contents squirt out all over the place and do not have a gelatinous consistency as I -LRB- and most people -RRB- would expect . This a complete rip off , and I will never purchase from them again !
 Well , I have been fooled a few times by reviews on Amazon and this happened to be another . The reviews mention a good citrus scent , good cleaning and hydrating power with an economical price . Upon getting the bottle , I opened it up to try the stuff and was unpleasantly surprised . First off , the citrus smell is more a floral vomit citrus smell . I decided to push through it but five days later I found that the smell went from that to a very rancid version of it . I could not believe it , how could this go from bad to worse ? Well , it did . Stay away !
 I am not kidding . It smells so bad it makes me wonder what bad stuff is in it . I will finish this bottle but will not buy again .
 I 've been buying the Citrus for years . I tried the Honey Mango and almost vomited from the chemicals in it . I could n't wash off the stench for an entire day . I believe they must have outsourced to China and are now poisoning this population with chemicals . I will never buy any Alba products again -- and I 've spent many hundreds over the years .
 I have used other Alba products and have really enjoyed them but this was nowhere near as good as the others . It does n't lather and it does n't smell like lavender ... If you want a better lavender scent , try avalon organics .
 I did not have a good experience with this product . It smells good but I used it -LRB- sparingly -RRB- in the bath and experienced sensitivity/irritation from it -LRB- feminine region -RRB- . I ca n't use drugstore brands like Olay , Softsoap , etc. . . I normally use Body Shop , Neutrogena , and Bath & Body Works and never have problems . I incorrectly assumed Alba products would be more along those lines . Beware if you have sensitivity issues with bath & shower gel and body wash .
 I whould love to start colecting eyeshadows but since most of the names are in french I do n't know what the colors look like . this is very fustrating . fix this !
 I normally do n't take the time to write reviews but buyer beware of this product . First I hate the smell , not like eucalyptus at all . It smells like cheap bath soap , very perfume-y , we all know what that smells like ! Anyways I could live with that , I did buy it online ... But after just a few weeks of using it I noticed a rust stain on my newly remodeled counter tops . FYI-Rust stains do not come out . And guess what ? The maker of this product is not going to come and fix your counters . Do not buy this product unless you do not want to use the metal caddy .
 It reminds me of really cheap hotel soap . It dries out your skin . The smell is completely overwhelming and sort of makes you feel allergic . Does not smell like eucalyptus . Surprised Thymes would have made and approved this scent for mass release . GROSS !!!
 So thrilled to find this as it was off the market . The product I received was old . The oil had separated out from the color . I opened one and tried to get back in solution by kneading the tube . Ended up returning the five I did n't open . You could clearly see through the packaging what had happened .
 I 'm so very sad . The creme pomade seemed like the perfect solution to my difficult hair . I love the smell and feel of this product . It holds super well , beautiful shine , feels very smooth , not sticky at all like pomades can feel . But when i got home i saw that it had turned totally white and flaky on my hair . I have really long dark hair and i wear it up a lot . I 've used the bain de terre pomade stick and i love that but it was just a little bit expensive cuz it did n't last that long so i thought i 'd try this one . It is perfect in every way except for the white flakes . As soon as it dries , if you touch it , or put your hood on -LRB- which is what I did -RRB- then it turns the product into white flakes . So so so sad .
 I saw this product mentioned in a woman 's magazine & hoped it would be a product to help with my brittle nails . Well , as with most nail hardeners , it only made them more brittle !
 The Daby `` 3-pack '' I purchased for $ 28.00 is failing to live upto expectations . It promises to ` harden nails ' . The instructionsare `` shake well ; apply to fingertips over very dry polish , every day `` The first application , the second application and the thirdwere unremarkable and coated the fingertips , protecting them fromfriction damage I guess . After the third , the Daby peeled off.On 2 fingertips the peel took with it small split flakes of fingernail . That 's what I wanted to prevent
 I was extremely disappointed , it was USED and not NEW . The sponge had makeup on it and the powder had a dig in , piece was missing , and the mirror and case were dirty ! I would not buy from this seller again !
 I 've purchased a Phillips Light Touch # 1 and was looking for a new brush . One that I thought would correct the issues that I had with the other model . Do n't waste your time or money if you have kinky , afro-textured hair that you 'd like to detangle with a brush . Or if you wish to even get your brush into your hair , do not buy this . I was expecting to unbox an easy to clean brush with soft flexible pins that would n't snag my ends . As soon as I laid eyes on this brush , I knew it wasnt for me . The pins are actually a cluster of one ball pin and two ball-less pins . They are stiff and are set up in such a high concentration . This is not good for natural afro-textured hair . For the sake of a review i tried it anyway . I may as well have put a velcro strip on my head . It immediately started pulling out unnecessary hair . This brush would not even get to the very ends of my hair . Putting this brush to my hair shaft was trouble as well . I touched this brush to my head when it was saturated in my preferred hair mask , moisturized while wet , and blow-dried . I say ` touched ' because even when attempting the ` Lightest Touch ' possible , this brush just pulled my hair out . and it didnt take any more than a stroke to each state of my hair to figure this out . Not even a full stroke because the brush would not move through my hair . Unless forced and I was n't going to do that . If you have a curly hair type , do not buy this brush .
 I thought I was buying the regular brush size , it seemed that way in the description , instead I got te travel size -LRB- ??? -RRB-
 I ca n't rate this product since after two tries I still did not receive it ... I first received a nonbraided ponytail holder and then after calling them they sent me a braided ponytail holder ... NOT a headband ... since they told me to keep the nonbraided one because the cost of shipping it back would be too much , I felt guilty and just went ahead and kept both items and paid for them ... I 'm sure I 'll use them sometime , but they are still not what I ordered and I had to go elsewhere to find a similar product .
 Although my order confirmation indicated that this item would arrive by December 24th , I FINALLY received the item ten days AFTER Christmas . Not only was the purchase a complete waste of money since the Christmas deadline was missed , but the box was smashed and was not in `` gift '' condition . Further , I noticed that my credit card was charged TWENTY DOLLARS EXTRA for `` rush '' delivery from Canada ! The entire purchase was costly and a big disappointment .
 I agree with the other reviewers in that this product used to have a light , wonderful lavender scent . Now it has more of a Pine-Sol cleaning smell scent to it , and it smells more like Rosemary than Lavender . : -LRB-
 This was a household standby for easily ten years . Recently , I purchased 5 bottles only to find that the scent has changed from a natural , lovely fragrance of lavender to a pungent , chemically odor . I would never recommend this product to anyone again unless they have no sense of smell .
 I have ordered this product for years and this is the first time the product was rotten . I do n't know if the natural lavender botanicals were spoiled , but the shower gel smelled only of chemicals - and a disgusting combination of those . I could n't use the product and threw away large quantities of it . I will never order it again .
 This bath & shower `` gel '' was completely watered down . I estimate that it was 25-50 % original gel and 50-75 % water . I should have known when I saw that this came from a 3rd party vendor instead of the actual manufacturers with Amazon Prime guarantee . When I invert the bottle , the contents squirt out all over the place and do not have a gelatinous consistency as I -LRB- and most people -RRB- would expect . This a complete rip off , and I will never purchase from them again !
 Well , I have been fooled a few times by reviews on Amazon and this happened to be another . The reviews mention a good citrus scent , good cleaning and hydrating power with an economical price . Upon getting the bottle , I opened it up to try the stuff and was unpleasantly surprised . First off , the citrus smell is more a floral vomit citrus smell . I decided to push through it but five days later I found that the smell went from that to a very rancid version of it . I could not believe it , how could this go from bad to worse ? Well , it did . Stay away !
 I am not kidding . It smells so bad it makes me wonder what bad stuff is in it . I will finish this bottle but will not buy again .
 I 've been buying the Citrus for years . I tried the Honey Mango and almost vomited from the chemicals in it . I could n't wash off the stench for an entire day . I believe they must have outsourced to China and are now poisoning this population with chemicals . I will never buy any Alba products again -- and I 've spent many hundreds over the years .
 I have used other Alba products and have really enjoyed them but this was nowhere near as good as the others . It does n't lather and it does n't smell like lavender ... If you want a better lavender scent , try avalon organics .
 I did not have a good experience with this product . It smells good but I used it -LRB- sparingly -RRB- in the bath and experienced sensitivity/irritation from it -LRB- feminine region -RRB- . I ca n't use drugstore brands like Olay , Softsoap , etc. . . I normally use Body Shop , Neutrogena , and Bath & Body Works and never have problems . I incorrectly assumed Alba products would be more along those lines . Beware if you have sensitivity issues with bath & shower gel and body wash .
 Im not too crazy about this scent it is almost too sweet for me . I tried it on my wrist before I decided to buy and I decided not to buy ! Just not for me .
 I purchased this to replace a similar Ace comb that broke in 1/2 after many years of faithful service . This comb looks the same , but is NOT the same . The tips of each tine are like little razors to my scalp . I 'm scratching myself with each pull of it through my hair . Seems to be a problem with combs these days - they do n't finish them properly . They used to have nice finished rounded smooth ends on the tines , now they just plain HURT ! Waste of my money . I will never use this comb again .
 I always buy ACE combs because their tines are usually smooth/rounded so the comb does n't scratch your head the way cheap combs usually do . Unfortunately the ACE comb I received has sharp tines , I will not bother to use it . I have a black ACE comb I recently purchased from a grocery store that is of the quality I would expect ; so I know good ACE combs still exist . I only ordered this one because I liked the color . I am very disappointed in the quality of this comb . In addition , the cost of shipping was more than the cost of the comb ... if I had realized that before placing my order , I would have cancelled this item -LRB- this was one item in a two hundred dollar order -RRB- . On a positive note , the seller was very quick in sending the comb . I received it within 3 days of placing the order .
 A big disappointment . I always remebered ACE combs to be a bit more sturdy . Ace was really good for combing out those morning kinks -LRB- because somebody was too lazy to roll their hair last night -RRB- . The tines were not as long as they should have been , either . I do n't think that this particular comb is sturdy enough to keep in my purse , as I can see it broken already . Might as well get a cheapie from dollar store .
 I bought this comb to replace my excellent , decades-old Ace comb that had gotten broken but I was really disappointed with its quality . It is a poorly made knockoff of the old Ace combs and has very sharp teeth that scratch my scalp . When I find a better comb this one is going into the trash .
 Normally Ace makes excellent hair products . This particular comb was not of the best quality . It was not the strong sturdy quality I had grown acustom to . Very rubbery . Just not the best quality at ALL .
 Aveda sells this same product , same size for $ 20 . Do not buy on Amazon !!!!!! There is no reason to charge this much when the manufacturers own website charges a third less .
 The product was not what I expected.I bought a Hugo Boss ` s perfume , but the smell was totally different from the original , that I usually to buy ... It ` s fake.I hated the smell .
 ME PARECE YA UN ABUSO Y FALTA DE IRRESPONSABILIDAD EL HECHO DE QUE POR SEGUNDA VEZ HAGA UN PEDIDO DE 3 PERFUMES Y ME MANDEN 2 JUNTOS Y OTRO POR SEPARADO . NECESITO QUE ME CANCELEN ESTA ORDEN POR FAVOR . GRACIAS
 As other posts have noted , this is not the Ace hard rubber unbreakable comb of old . After barely two weeks in a back pocket one end broke off and after a few more days the teeth are bending into unusable shapes . I gave it two stars only because I have been unable to find another fine tooth comb without sharp pointed teeth.If anyone has found a durable pocket comb , please reply .
 Just cheap plastic combs . The teeth are not polished and will unpleasantly sharp on most folks ' scalps . If you buy an Ace comb , be sure to run it over a fine emory board a few times to take the pin-points of the teeth . The conair combs , in this regard , are a superior product.Unfortunately , Ace no longer manufactures the hard rubber UNBREAKABLE COMB . The Ace brand belongs now to Goody Products , Inc. , which , in turn is part of Newell Rubbermaid . Goody produces plastic hair combs and brushes . Go to any store and you can find cheap plastic combs as good as these . Goody actually makes better combs under it 's Goody brand than these it makes under the ACE brand .
 ACE needs help with this product , it use to be a good product but it has made a turn downward . Ca n't carry this pocket comb in your pocket with out it breaking .
 This comb is excellent for three days . One end broke off the fourth day and teeth began bending and breaking soon after .
 The comb is plastic and not hard rubber like advertised . Could have bought a plastic comb for less money but wanted rubber . Would not deal with this vendor again .
 These hair coloring kits are no good and must have been in storage a long , long time . The hair coloring product itself does n't do a decent job and a plastic bottle in the one kit crushed up in my hand as was getting ready to use it . Apparently these hair coloring kits were antiquated ones and should have been discarded instead of being sold to customers . Future Buyers
 I love body butter and bought this in Ucluelet , an outpost on Vancouver Island . To tell the truth , it smells spoiled . Like something had gone bad in it . Lime , papaya , whatever else is in it , my nose can not decipher.Pathetically enough , I am using it since my skin wo n't know the difference . I hate spending fifteen bucks and then throwing away the product .
 i wrote this review for fig scent . not sure if this scent has the same problem , but I think it best to warn about this potential problem.I had bought a sample kit from an independent online store about a year ago . I love the perfume and the candle , but the body butter smelled rancid . when i contacted the seller , they said they had many such complaints and that he maybe they had it too long on the shelf before selling it to me , so he gave me a full refund and did n't even ask for the goods back . shortly after that i requested my father for my birthday buy me the set at a department store for my bday . i figured a department store would have fresh stuff . and when i first got it , it was fine . That was in July , but by last November , it was starting to smell rancid again just like that first batch I got from the online store and now it is horrible . Must be something in the body butter fig that goes rancid easily . no problems with the perfume . My father pays for everything in cash -LRB- he is 85 and does n't much like credit cards -RRB- and I do n't want to upset him about his gift being ` RANCID '' , so returning it to the department store is out of the question . I contacted Pacifica directly to exchange it for candles instead since I am afraid that I will keep getting more body butters that quickly go rancid and the candles are a safer bet ! . But Pacifica said sorry , no can do . I call that bad customer service . and rancid body butters . I am not sure all the scents do this , but the Fig is 0 for 2 . And after their bad customer service , no more Pacifica anything for me .
 I had bought a sample kit from an independent online store about a year ago . I love the perfume and the candle , but the body butter smelled rancid . when i contacted the seller , they said they had many such complaints and that maybe they had it too long on the shelf before selling it , so he gave me a full refund . shortly after that i requested my father for my birthday buy me the set at a department store for my bday . i figured a department store would have fresh stuff . and when i first got it , it was fine . That was in July , but by last November , it was starting to smell rancid again just like that first batch I got from the online store and now it is horrible . Must be something in the body butter fig that goes rancid easily . no problems with the perfume . My father pays for everything in cash -LRB- he is 85 and does n't much like credit cards -RRB- and I do n't want to upset him about his gift being ` RANCID '' , so returning it to the department store is out of the question . I contacted Pacifica directly to exchange it for candles instead since I am afraid that I will keep getting more body butters that quickly go rancid and the candles are a safer bet ! . But Pacifica said sorry , no can do . I call that bad customer service . I am not sure all their Body Butter scents do this , but the Fig is 2 for 2 . And after their bad customer service , no more Pacifica anything for me . I have body cremes for years that have n't gone rancid . this one ca n't last more than a few months . Maybe it is because it is paraban free .
 It has more of a lemony scent than sandalwood . The consistency is nice though , light and not greasy .
 It is okay , but could hardly tell I had put it on . I just did n't know what a illumination blush was . I was just looking for blush .
 It is time consuming -LRB- requires wet hair -RRB- and ineffective . Did n't cover my gray at all , even though I kept it on my hair up to max recommended time .
 I 've tried it 3 times - first 20 minutes , nothing . Did it again for 30 minutes . Nothing.Next day I did it for 45 minutes - absolutely nothing.No gray was covered.This product is USELESS . Do n't waste your money . I 'm bringing it back to Rite Aid .
 Trying to cover the encroaching gray as many people do , I was referred to Clairol 's Loving Care by my cosmetologist . The color went on well and lasted for the time period expected . Unfortunately however , it gave me purple highlights , especially out in the sunlight , that had my wife and kids calling me Papa Smurf ! A detailed letter to Clairol went unanswered . I guess they do n't want to hear about failures ; just successes . Anyway , I 'm now looking for an alternative product , but have n't found it yet . Beware of this stuff ... you might just get Smurfed !!!!!!
 It is okay , but could hardly tell I had put it on . I just did n't know what a illumination blush was . I was just looking for blush .
 I have to say this smells like arse ! I do n't care for products with perfume but this one smells like rotten underwear . Do n't waste your money !
 I ordered this product based on the advertised size of 3.3 oz ; instead the product came in a bottle of .5 oz . Seller , should reimburse me for the cost of this misleading advertised product .
 This product sounded SO good ... . and did not cover my gray - AT ALL ! I followed the instructions to the letter , and ... . nothing . What a waste of money .
 I use Excellence in 9.5 N. I was so happy that this root touch up worked so well . It matched perfectly . I have a few grays , so I left it on for 15 minutes . I guess this is high lifting , because it works so quickly . All in all , this product is saving my hair because I truly do wait almost six weeks now to redye my hair . Bravo , Clairol !
 I just finished using this product and felt like I needed to warn people of the tiny amount provided in the box . I have used this in the past , but it was a couple of years ago . It was a wonderful product then , with enough color to take care of all the roots . When I opened the box -LRB- box same size as before -RRB- , the mixing bowl , color and developer was 1/2 the amount it was back then . I do not recommend this product to anyone any more . I wo n't get clairol anymore either . Who knows what surprises are in the other boxes now .
 Ok I was trying to save money by doing my grey roots between salon colorings of my medium brown hair . My roots turned orange , bright clown like orange ... and I followed the instructions to the letter . So guess what , i 'm off to the hair salon tomorrow for a professional color . I do not recommend this product .
 I have all over grey , which I color dark brown . This was a very small amount of color . It was hard to mix in the `` scoop '' provided . It did cover my roots , but only just . There is no conditioner included in this kit . I left it on 10 minutes and color is darker than indicated on the box . I will not buy it again .
 Do not buy , turned my hair nasty orange ! Save up enough to get your money to get your hair down in the salon .
 I agree with 2 other reviewers , first the product has a very skimpy amount and second , I used medium ash brown and there is definitely an orange tinge . Also the ammonia fumes just about made me pass out . I used a bowl and brush from the beauty supply store , that tiny mixing tray they supply is easy to knock over .
 Read the print this item ships at less than the product weight I suspect there is something wrong with how the item is represented in the photograph and what it is the actually send you . DO NOT BUY without clear description of what you are getting !
 In my quest to find the best products for my hair , I purchased this leave-in on a whim , thinking the spray bottle would add convenience to my overall hair regimen . I was so wrong . This product left my hair extremely dry and difficult to manage . I expected it to work like other leave-ins and provide moisture , but all it did was suck the moisture out and leave behind something resembling a helmet . lol The bottle states that the product contains silk protein , but I think there is more protein than moisturizing ingredients , hence the hard hair . I will not be purchasing this again in the future and would not recommend it to anyone .
 Really did n't do much for my type 4 afro even when I used a sealant with it . I would n't recommend for coarser hair types at all .
 I like Aussie products and they smell great tooWhen I got this in the mail , I was excited because I thought hey who does n't like softer hair ? and so cheap too!I used it for about 2 weeks and noticed that even though it smells like coconuts , it did n't do very much for my hair like I expectedInstead of soft and sleek as I was expecting , it was more like salt water hair lookI will still use it , if I want to appear like me and my hair have been to the beach but for shine and sofy and sleek I like the Dove hair serum they best
 This product did condition my hair and make it softer . However , it made my hair too soft and flat . I guess this conditioner would be good for people with hair that 's extremely hard to condition or short hair where it does n't matter if it 's flat . Using a leave-in conditioner did have the advantage of being quick and easy , though .
 im african american with kinky hair andthis item was gr8 when i put it in but after like 30 min my hair began shedding heavily . i dont think i want to try other aussie products ... lesson learned
 The best thing I can say about this product is that it did n't have that awful medicinal smell like most products containing tea tree oil . The package claimed to make hair shinier and healthier but after using it my hair looked dry and frizzy . In addition , my hair got tangled much quicker than normal . Perhaps if I used more it would have worked better , but the package did n't indicate how much to use and I thought I used quite a bit .
 My hair is very fine but also oily , so normally I condition my hair only every few days so my hair does n't get weighed down . The Aussie conditioner worked very well as a detangler -- my hair is curly and I always get a lot of tangles . It would be very good to use on children in the morning , since their hair becomes so tangled . I felt that it left my hair kind of dry and dull , however . I would use this product only as a detangler and in very small quantities .
 This was less than what I expected from Aussie . Usually their products are very good . This one did n't seem to live up to its good name . I did n't find anything really all that great about the product . It basically had no fragrance . It seemed to leave my hair somewhat softer , but I really did n't notice that much of a difference . Overall , the product was not that great . I do n't think I would recommend it to my friends .
 I would n't recommend this product for someone who wants to lighten his or her hair easily and carefully . The directions were much more like those of a permanent color than I expected . I was hoping for a different version of my spray-in lightener and I did n't get it .
 This scent is n't totally horrible , but I do n't care for it . I 'm not a fan of Ozonic fresh fragrances , -LRB- which Hawaiian Surf is -RRB- . If you 're a fan of very fresh Ozonic fragrances you will definitely like this one . It does remind me a bit of a salty & brisk ocean breeze . It 's just not one that is good on my skin .
 My natural hair color is medium-dark brown . I usually lighten my color and add some reddish tone to it . For some reason I thought I 'd give this color a try , big mistake on my part . My hair looked black in the house and a crazy , un-natural purple-burgundy in the sunlight . It looked like a Halloween wig ! I hated the color and felt pretty stupid for trying it . I refused to go to work with this crazy color and get teased so I ended up spending money and time at a salon to have them remove as much of this color as possible . I could see the stylist kind of tsk , tsking me for coloring at home . It took quite a while but I was left with a lighter color I could live with until I could use my normal hair color again . Just be aware that this will get extremely dark and it does not look natural at all . You will stand out if that 's your goal ! As for me , I 've learned my lesson and I stick with colors that say `` light '' , even medium colors get way too dark for me . Good luck !
 I 've died my hair for more than ten years and this is the first review I 've ever been compelled to write . I used to use and love Feria True Red . For the last year or so I 've been using a 10-minute dye on the market , which I love but could n't find at the store . I picked up a bottle of Feria True Red again and it is TOTALLY different . There 's a new thing called `` color boost '' ... okay . I added it to the other ingredients and just the tiniest drop fell onto my white sink and stained it immediately . I started dying and I thought someone had played a joke on me
 I used Chocolate Cherry back when it went by that name and loved it . This # 36 is way too red . I mean carrot red . I had bought three because I had n't found it locally but now I see that Loreal changed this to having way too much red in it . My hair was orange ! Would not recommend it to anyone who wants dark brown with red highlights . This will give you red hair . YUK !
 I have been using No-Ad Sport for years - was a great product . This is not the same stuff . The lotion went from smooth and readily absorbed to greasy-feeling . They have added scent and a trace some coloring agent . This is not the same product .
 I have purchased No Ad sunscreen before , but not this product.The scent of the this sunscreen is just awful !!!
 I should have done my homework before buying this flat iron . I mainly picked it because it is dual voltage and I wanted a flat iron to take on international travel . Turns out I was able to buy a much better dual voltage flat iron at my local drugstore for about 1/3 the price.The Black Pearl is heavy , which is not great for travel . The quality appears cheap and the plates do n't meet all the way along , producing inconsistent results . It has an awkward on/off switch on the cord with indicator light , so it 's difficult to tell if it 's on or off -- kind of important in an appliance that can burn you badly ! It has NO HEAT CONTROL at all and my hair was literally SMOKING -- obviously this iron gets super hot , but you ca n't turn it down at all.The much cheaper Conair flat iron I bought at the drugstore is better on all of those points
 I own the originalSuperStar Professional 1-inch Flat Iron Hair Straightener , which I just love ! However , I live overseas and unfortunately had removed the voltage safety of the product so I did n't want to plug it in and have a melt down ! I bought this Black Pearl because it specifically said 220 volt , well that 's about the only thing it has going for it . It works marginally , it 's build quality is low , made of cheap plastic with low quality plates that are n't set properly and there is no heat setting . Finally , it looks converted to 220 that 's how cheap it looks . So you are still wondering , well how does it function ? My hair has but a few loose curls , that end up looking like loose , long waves . Tsk , tsk , it did little to nothing for my hair , which needs only a little heat and effort to go straight or curl the ends . For the price you should expect a better quality item with at least a high/low heat setting that actually affects your hair .
 I can not find Ivory Fresh Snow anywhere in stores and was excited to find it here on amazon . I ordered 2 bottles . When I received them , they were not Ivory Fresh Snow . They were Ivory Very Ivory , which I can find in any store . Just be aware that the descriptions are not correct .
 I 've been looking for this product everywhere and was excited to find it on Amazon , until I received my order . I was shipped an old bottle of hand soap that looked like it was about 10 years old and possibly from another country . I will say that I received a full refund , but my search for Ivory body wash continues .
 I bought this thinking it was lethal poison , my wife has been nagging me a lot , and it 's getting really annoying . I started putting it in her drinks and food , she said that it tasted funny -LRB- which is good , because i thought it was working -RRB- , and then continued to nag me about my cooking . Although , she continued to eat my poisoned meals . Sadly , this product did not work , and my wife continues to nag me a lot , this product DOES NOT WORK . I will in the future be buying my women poisoning products else where .
 I placed an order on or around 3/3/12 -LRB- order # 164552 -RRB- . I ordered Finesse Condition , Moisturizing for Dry , Coarse Hair , I receved Moisturizing for Dry , Damage Hair which is a big difference . I spoke to the company around 10 times , each time they promise to send to shipping label to return the product . To date I have not received the shipping label . This product is a false advertisement , please do not order .
 I have used Alpha Hydrox for about a year now . I have seen great results with Glycolic-AHA , so I thought these wipes would be the next best step before attempting a stronger peel . Unfortunately , one of the added ingredients -LRB- I think it may be the witch hazel -RRB- broke me out with small white bumps.I used them for about a week and other than the adverse reaction , I did not see any other results . I am going back to the brand I know works and does well with my sensitive skin .
 I was excited to try these out after reading great reviews by others . I was disappointed though ! First , it came leaking in the package . It seemed like the seal was broken . Against my better judgement , I decided to try them anyway . They made my skin so dry . So I decided to moisturize well after with some Creme de la Mer , my normal moisturizer . After a couple days of use , the only thing I got was breakouts ! I ended up throwing them away . They really seemed to be just pads soaked in witch hazel . Save your money and buy something else .
 First , the item arrived with a crack in the jar and had leaked all over . To my surprise the pads inside the jar were still wet enough to use so I tried it . It leaves my skin feeling greasy , which I do n't care for . I think 20 % is a great place to start if you 've never used glycolic acid before , or if you want to add it to your daily routine . I will not reorder these . I will look for another brand at 20 % for daily use .
 I just finished using this product and felt like I needed to warn people of the tiny amount provided in the box . I have used this in the past , but it was a couple of years ago . It was a wonderful product then , with enough color to take care of all the roots . When I opened the box -LRB- box same size as before -RRB- , the mixing bowl , color and developer was 1/2 the amount it was back then . I do not recommend this product to anyone any more . I wo n't get clairol anymore either . Who knows what surprises are in the other boxes now .
 Ok I was trying to save money by doing my grey roots between salon colorings of my medium brown hair . My roots turned orange , bright clown like orange ... and I followed the instructions to the letter . So guess what , i 'm off to the hair salon tomorrow for a professional color . I do not recommend this product .
 I have all over grey , which I color dark brown . This was a very small amount of color . It was hard to mix in the `` scoop '' provided . It did cover my roots , but only just . There is no conditioner included in this kit . I left it on 10 minutes and color is darker than indicated on the box . I will not buy it again .
 Do not buy , turned my hair nasty orange ! Save up enough to get your money to get your hair down in the salon .
 I agree with 2 other reviewers , first the product has a very skimpy amount and second , I used medium ash brown and there is definitely an orange tinge . Also the ammonia fumes just about made me pass out . I used a bowl and brush from the beauty supply store , that tiny mixing tray they supply is easy to knock over .
 This product sounded SO good ... . and did not cover my gray - AT ALL ! I followed the instructions to the letter , and ... . nothing . What a waste of money .
 I use Excellence in 9.5 N. I was so happy that this root touch up worked so well . It matched perfectly . I have a few grays , so I left it on for 15 minutes . I guess this is high lifting , because it works so quickly . All in all , this product is saving my hair because I truly do wait almost six weeks now to redye my hair . Bravo , Clairol !
 I used this product for years and often received compliments on my long , healthy hair . Now they have a `` new '' version of this conditioner and my hair is always frizzy and full of static . Even my husband has noticed that this new product does nothing good for my hair . I really miss the old version and wish they would bring it back . Until they do , I 'll be looking for another product . I would love to let the company know my thoughts , but I could not find any place on their website to do such a thing . Therefore , I am sharing my thoughts with everyone in the hopes that they will get the message .
 I 've only used this hair spray once , but I will never use it again . I have frizzy , uncontrollable hair , but I can always get a brush through it . When I went to try to get my brush through my hair after having this hairspray in my hair , my brush almost broke . I tried a comb and almost pulled my hair out . My hair definitely stayed in place , but it was SO stiff I could n't get a brush through it . If I do n't brush my hair before I wash it , it 's just one giant snarl , so there is no way I would 've been able to wash it with that hair spray in it . If you 're looking for a hair spray that will hold your hair in place , this will work , but I would not recommend it . I 'm gon na try to find my old Suave hair spray again instead -LRB- it had great hold but I could get my brush through my hair at the end of the day . -RRB-
 Arrived in a leaking package and questionable if in original Aqua Net packaging - not in aerosol container but soft plastic one instead . Still did the trick although very sticky .
 I thought this was a product with NO artificial chemicals and it 's loaded with them . I had purchased No-Ad years ago and it was free of the parabens ... but not this bottle .
 The smell of this cologne reminds me of an older man . It is n't a smell that a younger man -LRB- under 55 -RRB- in my opinion would wear . It just does n't have the fresh smell that I would expect a man to have . It almost reminds me of an old man sitting in a bar .
 When I first got it , the seal was leaking and therefore I was overpowered with the smell -LRB- it was very strong -RRB- , which I initially did n't like at all . I waited a few days and tried it again , but I did n't care for this scent as much as others . It was okay , but not something I 'd chose over other items .
 Usually receive correct product when I order from Amazon . This was n't the one I ordered and is n't as strong as the one I need .
 I returned this product because of its ridulously exaggerated price . The price has tripled since my last purchase ; at which time I paid $ 6.96 each and I purchased six . The price has now escalated to $ 19.95 each in the space of months . Some one , either Amazon or Proctor and Gambel , needs to take a close look the marketing of this product since it it not available in any store and the price online is outrageous . Maybe they -LRB- P&G -RRB- just do n't want to make and sell it any more . But at $ 19.95 , I 'll find something else to use ; and I 've been using this product since I was sixteen and that 's fifty five years ago !
 I bought this to use on my beard . I used Just For Men a few times but kept getting a slight rash - so I tried this product . The rash was MUCH worse -LRB- more like a chemical burn -RRB- and it even gave me blisters . This was just a small goatee , I can just imagine this type of pain all over the scalp !! Be sure to do the skin allergy test before you use it !
 After reading about this product in an issue of Lucky , I decided to try it . It actually made my hair more staticky and frizzy , and pretty greasy . It was a pretty expensive purchase for such a useless product .
 I have been using Bain de Terre Recovery Complex for nearly 20 years . This is NOT the right product . I have received three bottles of rubbing alcohol .
 When I received this product , it was NOT the item pictured . Please check your stock and correct the photograph . I have since returned the items in this order .
 i 've been using this for 3 weeks now . . do n't see any difference except it gives a shine to the hair . . does n't seem to control any frizz at all . Wo n't be buying it again .
 It looks and smells great , but I ca n't tell any difference in how my hair looks when I use it vs. when I do n't ! I have been using for about 2 weeks , and no noticeable decrease in frizziness of my hair . I have fine , straight hair .
 This product is not what it used to be . For the last few years I have been using the No-Ad Sunless Tanning -LRB- white -RRB- lotion that came in a 16 oz yellow bottle with a blue cap . It produced a nice , tanned glow in a few hours after application and did not rub off unless you showered and scrubbed hard several days after application . This re-worked version now comes in a 12 oz brown bottle -LRB- less lotion for more money - what else is new -RRB- and it appears to be nothing more than a brown surface dye . The smell is horrendous and the first and only time I applied it I could rub it right off after it dried . Save your money and if you want a product similar to the original No-Ad Sunless tanning lotion try Jergen 's new `` Natural GLow '' daily moisturizer . The smell is not offensive , you can use it daily after showering , and it gives a better tan than the -LRB- original -RRB- No-Ad Sunless Lotion . I found it at a Target store for about the same price online but with no shipping costs . The color is very natural and it wo n't rub off on your clothes but you should use some sort of loofah when you bathe to scrub off surface skin cells so you can reapply once daily or every other day . Not knowing that No-Ad changed its product , I foolishly order two bottles of this goop that I will never use .
 They have changed the formula and this one comes off on everything . It has ruined a set of sheets and it washes off in the pool . The old product was the greatest I had ever used , but this is horrible
 I 'm sorry but I did n't like this product . It made my hair feel very greasy and sticky . I 'll probably never buy this again or recommended it . It also flattened my hair .
 This product is okay but no better than any other hairspray . And even though it says it is unscented - it has a distinct smell .
 Since Pantene discontinued MY unscented , pro-v hair glue that I 've used forever , I 'm now stuck in the bathroom.I had to buy something , so I bought this Consort for men . The excess spray hit the floorand my feet are now permanently glued to the floor . My wife had to bring the wireless laptopin for me to write this review . Oh , I also do n't like the stink this spray makes . It may be statedto be unscented , but it has a nauseating smell when it goes on . Other than those two minor issues , the price is good and it does technically work . But , if I 'm going to live in the bathroom , there 's hardlyany point to spiffing up my hair ... there 's nobody in here to impress .
 I 'm so sorry to say but I was disappointed in what I received . I first purchased this product in 2001 in Milan and fell in love with it and I must say everyone else that was around me thought the same . Every year when I was in Europe I would go into the same shop always purchasing L'eau cheap & chin , I did n't even look at anything else.When I was there in 2008 I was told that the company no longer made this fragrance . So when I saw in on Amazon.com I was thrilland ordered it right away especially after reading all of the reviews , they were saying what I would have said before receiving this bottle . My disappointment came when I open the bottle , there was n't any smell , it was like getting hand lotion without a fragrance . I do n't know if it was old and had lost its fragrance but since this was my first time buying from Amazon.com I 'm not sure if I would buy again . TP
 This product was awful . I will never purchase it again.It look gross coming out of the bottle and it made my skin feelcoated and gummy.I do love jean Nate 's Fragerance and the bath powder.But not this body wash !!
 I was rather unhappy with the product . First of all , I thought I would be receiving 2 smaller bottles instead of one larger one . It was advertised as buy 15 oz . get the 2nd 15 oz . free and showed a smaller bottle with a scond bottle free.Secondly , this is not the Jean Nate scent that I have been using for many years . It is either very old or they have added some other scent to the bottle to make it look full . It has a slightly musky scent rather than a clean fresh smell . I would be glad to return the bottle for a refund . My day telephone is 508-732-5965 . My night phone is 508-457-9598 . I have purchased a few other things through Amazon and have been very pleased , but this item is not what I expected.Regards , Ann Marie Jordan
 When this arrived both bottles had leaked making the boxes unwrappable . This was a gift for my grandpa , who used this product growing up . Both bottles were about half way empty due to the leakage that had occurred .
 I love Aussie products . I especially enjoy the fragrances . I Test Drove the Aussie Moist and was able to use the product for only about three days . I have a terrible reaction to the shampoo that made my scalp itch something awful !
 This shampoo may make 's a woman hair slinder , thin , shinny , and smooth . And also getting the naps out of your head it also makes your head smell like 's old senior citizens folks .
 I love DMAE and it does tighten skin and reduce pore size . This is a good price and I would have purchased this product if it did n't contain parabens . Please read about parabens and find a healthy alternative . DMAE works best when combined with Vitamin C serum . LOVE IT . My skin is important , as is my health . I wo n't rub something on my face that has such serious potential risks . What would be the point in that?Below information taken from -LSB- ... -RSB- : ParabensParabens are a group of compounds widely used as an antifungal agent , preservative and antimicrobial in creams , lotions , ointments and other cosmetics , including underarm deodorants . They are absorbed through the skin and have been identified in biopsy samples from breast tumors.Parabens are a group of compounds widely used as antimicrobial preservatives in food , pharmaceutical and cosmetics products , including underarm deodorants . Parabens are absorbed through intact skin and from the gastrointestinal tract and blood.Measurable concentrations of six different parabens have been identified in biopsy samples from breast tumors -LRB- Darbre , 2004 -RRB- . The particular parabens were found in relative concentrations that closely parallel their use in the synthesis of cosmetic products -LRB- Rastogi , 1995 -RRB- . Parabens have also been found in almost all urine samples examined from a demographically diverse sample of U.S. adults -LRB- Ye , 2006a -RRB- . Parabens are estrogen mimickers , with the potency of the agonistic response being related to the chemical structure -LRB- Darbre , 2008 -RRB- . They can bind to the cellular estrogen receptor -LRB- Routledge , 1998 -RRB- . They also increase the expression of many genes that are usually regulated by estradiol and cause human breast tumor cells -LRB- MCF-7 cells -RRB- to grow and proliferate in vitro -LRB- Byford , 2002 ; Pugazhendhi , 2007 -RRB- . Nevertheless , parabens as a class do not fully mimic estradiol in the changes in cellular gene expression nor are the effects of all parabens identical -LRB- Sadler , 2009 -RRB- . Google parabens and see if you want to rub them on your skin.Try Wild Beauty , you can get your dmae fix without throwing your hormones out of whack .
 I 've been using Reviva products for years - until recently - when I noticed Sodium Benzoate is now among the ingredients . This is a known carcinogen that converts to Benzene in the presence of Ascorbic Acid -LRB- Vit . C -RRB- , something that is also found in skin care products . I contacted the company and learned that , Yes , they changed the formulation but the preservatives represent a very small amount.The FDA has standards for the amount allowed in food and other products . Problem for me is `` in aggregate '' how much are people getting from all the products they are consuming and applying ? -LRB- Soda & many other foods contain SB ... And then there is the issue of combining such a skin care product with Sun exposure .
 I used this with Reviva Labs TGF Beta-1 Cream , used them twice daily . They made my skin very itchy so I needed to stop using them both . I thought overall it was a huge waste of money . I do not recommend Reviva Labs to anyone .
 I did not see any changes in my skin while using this product . I used it for 3 months . I was not expecting miracles . I 'm 30 year old so I really do not have any wrinkles or sagging yet . I was expecting this product to at least make me look refreshed but it did nothing . I 'll continue to use my Olay Regenerist products they are way better than this . I really wanted to find a more natural facial product but this is not it . I would not buy this product again
 I purchased this item because of Dr Phil 's presentation about how DMAE helps with wrinkles etc. . I used it for about a week and a half and found that it made my face brake-out ! I do need to add that I have occasional brake-outs and have used benzyl peroxide products . So maybe this is something that does not mix with what I am using.It just did n't do that much for me . I have purchased the firming eye serum as well and I do like it better.I think the addition of the lipoic acid and vitamin c ester helps the product .
 Product produces only a minimum amount of steam , you get a better `` facial '' taking a shower than using this `` Sauna '' . It would take an unacceptable amount of time for this product to ever produce a `` deep cleansing effect '' as advertised . Would not recommend this product to others .
 I bought the Conair Professional Straightening Iron and let me tell you i was very disapointed . My hair is really thick and frizzy when i straightend it with the Conair Professional Straightening Iron it was semi straight but it made my hair very bushy !! It does straighten your hair if its not thick but i dont recommed it to people that have hair like me !!!!!!!!!
 I recently bought the Conair Straightener and it did not work at all . My hair is naturally frizzy , wavy , AND bushy . So when I applied it to my hair it did not do anythingto it ! So then I bought the Revlon straightener ... now that works ! Immidiately I could see a difference . So please do n't waste your money on the Conair Straightener , it 's practically a toy . I highly suggest Revlon or Hot Tools .
 This straightener is a definate no ! It doesnt heat up fast , plus it makes you hair look frizzy !!! It takes me 30 minutes to get ym hair done . But I will reccomend the Revelon Perfect Heat Straightener RV059C . It makes your hair , smooth , shiny , plus it heats up in one minute ! I could get my hair done in 6 minutes including the heat up time . So please , dont buy this conair straightener , it doesnt work at all . Save you money .
 so i have wavy , sort of thick hair , and i figured that a hair iron could handle it ? i guess i was wrong ... this iron does n't get very hot and it ripped out my hair ! it got caught in between the plasic part and the actuall straitening part . the comb is a good idea and actually worked pretty well , but it fell out so often that one day it became permently lost . it does heat up quickly , and does getthe base of your hair pretty smooth , but it NEVER worked to straighten my ends , they were always left wwavy .
 This straightener is great for thin hair ... but not for thick . I myself have very thick hair and this straightener usually leaves my hair looking frizzy and very poofy . The best hair straighteners out there are about 1 '' thick or less and they normally have glass plates . So if you have thick hair , spend a little more money on something with a lot more quality .
 i bought this straightener because everyone said it was wonderful and it was at a great price ... BUT LOOKS CAN BE DECIEVING !! this straightener pulls my hair , it does n't get very hot , it 's kind-of uncomfortable to hold , and it DOES N'T STRAIGHTEN MY HAIR !!!
 I do n't think so . I bought this straightner because I have some curls around my face that never go away , even when I blow-dry my hair stright . The iron took a long time to get hot and , there were no heat settings so , it was either much to hot so , it was burning my hair or not quite ready so I 'd have to wait or go over the same spots many times . I have pretty much already stright , thin hair but , it did n't do well for me . I say , if you 're going to spend the money , get something else .
 I want everyone to be careful when using this flat iron . its feature are not very good the hot plate is open for burn . My daughter set this down on the chair while doing her sister hair and burnt the chair . Also I was doing my daughters hair and dropped the iron it landed with the plates on the side onto my leg and I have 2nd degree burns . I want to write the ConAir company but I do n't have the information .
 This iron is good if you have thinner hair and are just looking for a quick fix . But if you have thick hair like me , i suggest upgrading to a more expensive , top-quality flat iron that will last you a long time . If you do decide to get this one keep in mind that it is heavy - my arm got tired after about 5 minutes trying to straighten my hair . If your just looking to try out striaght hair on you , i reccomend this product because its a cheap way to see if you like striagt hair and if you like it you can buy a nicer flat iron . This iron definently wo n't get all of the kinks out very quickly , depending on your hair texture it could take up to an hour and a half to get it just the way you like it .
 This straightener has been one of the worst I have ever used . It did n't straighten at all . I had to go over sections of my hair more than 10 times to get it at least semi straight . It did not stay straight either . &#60; br / &#62; WASTE OF MONEY !!! DO N'T BUY !
 DO NOT BUY THIS STRAIGHTENER IF YOU WANT YOUR HAIR TO LOK HALFWAY DECENT !!!! I own two other conair straighteners that work really well , which is why i thought this would be better , because it is an ugraded version of my favorite ceramic heat model . However , it took three times as long to straighten with this device than my older model . Maybe it will work on slightly wavy hair , but for wavy to curly I definately do not recommend UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES that you buy this item !!! PS
 This is most definitely the worst straightener i have ever used . Not only does it take about 20-30 minutes to heat up , after it finally does it fries your hair to a crisp . Also , if you dont hold the iron in the exact center of the handles , the sides close at different angles which pinches your hair and rips it out . Over the past few years i have learned that Conair makes really cheap products that are n't meant to last . Pay a little more and get something that actually works .
 The only thing good about this item is that it is cheap . It was able to somewhat straighten my incredibly curly , thick hair but that was only after going over the same sections of hair numerous times . In the end my hair would still come out somewhat curled , frizzy and puffy . This straightener is somewhat heavy to hold and the plates do not get hot enough .
 The product arrived incomplete , does not come with Removable teethArrivals in a pink color , very ugly
 Do not buy this item if you are expecting to receive the product as shown . It is no longer available , so they have substituted another model without pre-advising you . The one I received is made of cheap lightweight plastic and does not handle thick hair . That is why I was looking for the comb feature . I 'm stuck with it now and wo n't be returning it because I 'll be out even more shipping costs . I 'll probably just donate it to a resale shop .
 This is probably the worst hair tool I have ever purchased ! It does not work at all . It tangled up my daughters hair and made a complete mess .
 I bought this about a year ago . . and let me tell you , I was very dissapointed ! when I got it , I was well excited it was only $ 9.99 at Canadian Superstore . . so I 'm like why not . . it was half price or something . When I got home , I was excited When I opened it and put it all together and tried it , IT DID N'T EVEN WORK . . my mom tried to help me . We were there for about two hours . . seriously trying to figure out this thing . . I never did :-LRB- I never got to try it . . and well I returned it and got my money back , but I wish I had gotten it to work . . to see how it actually looked but I did n't . . I do n't recommend this product but other people have had positive reviews . . so if you shall do it . . TAKE YOUR OWN RISK : -RRB-
 I am a proffessional hair wrapper , among other things , and I would be wary of this product . I have seem many people who have tried to use this product at home , and many have come to me to get their hair wrapped properly . This product , while very cost effective -LRB- compared to approx . $ 15-30 for each professional wrap -RRB- , they are hard to use and often create uneven , messy wraps which do not look the same as the real thing . I have heard stories about people 's hair getting caught in the device . I do not wish to bash this product , I just want people to beware that they do indeed get what they pay for and there is definitely a learning curve to be able to make good looking wraps with this product -- dont ' expect perfect results the first few times you use it .
 I felt the Conair Hair Wrap machine was a good buy . We bought it for a birthday party and all the girls enjoyed getting their hair wrapped . With a short amount of practice , the machine was easy to use . For the number of girls at the party , the included yarn was not enough and I had to buy another roll . I am very pleased with the shipping . We ordered last minute and it arrived in the stated shipping time , which was just in time .
 I have relied on Suave Daily Clarifying Shampoo for many years for its ability to clean my hair and slightly oily scalp at a reasonable price . It was an excellent alternative to theNeutrogena Anti-Residue Formula Shampoo.The last time I purchased this , I noticed that it was in a fancy new bottle and was tinted pale blue rather than being colorless . When I got home , I was dismayed to find that Suave has also added a vaguely floral and unfortunately artificial chemical perfume to the formulation that irritates my eyes and sinuses and gives me a headache.I can no longer use this product . I certainly hope that Suave will reconsider this change and go back to the original , almost-odorless formula .
 I used Suave Shampoo for Oily Hair for years and felt it was the best product on the market . Suave has dropped that product in favor of the Daily Clarifying Shampoo for Dry to Oily Hair . I have used two bottles of the new formulation and determined that a `` one size fits all '' approach to shampoo is destined to fail when it comes to handling oily hair . Despite washing my hair daily -LRB- as I always have -RRB- , this new formulation fails to get me through 16 hours before my hair is a stringy , oily mess . This new and improved product is a failure .
 You sent me the wrong shampoo . You sent the Naturals shampoo come on Amazon , get with it . All my orders lately have problems .
 I tried this product since it was so cheap , but did n't like it . 1 . It does n't foam up/lather much , so its hard to get it worked into your hair/scalp . 2 . After one day , you will see oil building up again . I did n't notice much of a change in oil , and I 've tried alot better products out that that will keep oil away for much longer .
 This product is just another shampoo . Nothing special about it . It did n't make my hair soft or shiny . It did n't even smell good . It just cleaned my hair . Nothing else .
 I used Agree Swimmers Solution Shampoo but I do n't agree at all -- I hated it . First of all , there is this intense smell of ammonium -- terrible ! Second , I have thin hair and that shampoo was way too aggressive . It says shampoo PLUS CONDITIONER ! Well , I had to use my conditioner because my hair did n't feel smooth -LRB- like it says on the package ! -RRB- . Another funny thing on package was
 Bought it as a moisturizer at a local Walmart , it smells like plastic nothing even close to cocoa butter , it is greasy and i feel like i am applying machine oil on my skin . It is a total waste of money !!
 I have been using this and Bio-Oil twice a day since the beginning of the second trimester -LRB- I skipped the Bio-Oil for a while -RRB- , and I have the worst , most disgusting stretch marks ever . It 's so extremely upsetting , but I 'm too afraid to stop using it.I 've started using this with Maderma , I use the Maderma , rub it in for a few minutes , then do a rub with this for about 5 minutes 3 times a day and have really , really started to see a difference , which I attribute solely to the Maderma , the cocoa butter it just for moisturizing at this point . I 'm still getting new marks , but they 're already turning dark purple and fading , and are n't NEARLY as big.This is my first pregnancy . Palmer 's has worked for so many women and it 's so cheap it 's worth getting it for a moisturizer , as it really , really helps with the itchy , itchy skin . Besides , the ingredients are supposed to be proven to work , so maybe it 's me . I will keep using it ; I have it , it smells nice , and I only have 4 weeks left , my stomach is destroyed now anyway , what 's the point in finding something else at this stage of the game .
 to Amazon -- The products that were sent to me by this seller were not what I ordered . It is very disheartening , as I did very much wish to have the product that is shown on this page . I would like to return this product to the seller , but do not do how to do so ... . Please send advise about how I can return this product and receive reimbursement . Thank you BB
 It lists the selection of eyelashes to choose from , and I chose 19A . Instead I received 19 , not what I wanted at all . And when I asked about it , the seller said that they choose what eyelashes they send you . What is this ? Why would I want to pay this much for a random pair of eyelashes I do n't even want ? Unsatisfied with this purchase .
 I received my order and the lashes are very stiff , they are so stiff I cant apply or use them . Because the lashes are so stiff when you take them off of the paper you can not shape them in order to apply them , they just stay in the same position that you see , no matter how hard you try to shape them.The lashes are placed on a paper cardboard of some sort and when you take the lashes off of the paper , there is paper on the lashes that you ca n't remove.I am not happy with this purchase .
 I have relied on Suave Daily Clarifying Shampoo for many years for its ability to clean my hair and slightly oily scalp at a reasonable price . It was an excellent alternative to theNeutrogena Anti-Residue Formula Shampoo.The last time I purchased this , I noticed that it was in a fancy new bottle and was tinted pale blue rather than being colorless . When I got home , I was dismayed to find that Suave has also added a vaguely floral and unfortunately artificial chemical perfume to the formulation that irritates my eyes and sinuses and gives me a headache.I can no longer use this product . I certainly hope that Suave will reconsider this change and go back to the original , almost-odorless formula .
 While the smell of this shampoo has a light spring scent , it makes my hair feel rough and dry even as I 'm applying it on my scalp in the shower . I find the only way to make this product even usable is to mix half of it with my regular shampoo , Pert Plus , so that my hair dose n't come out feeling dry and frizzy.While definitely very cheap , I would not recommend this product to anyone !
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B0000530LX Suave Naturals Shampoo , Tropical Coconut with Coconut Extracts & Silk Proteins - 15oz . -RSB- -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B0000530LO Suave Shampoo , Daily Clarifying - 22.5 oz . -RSB- -RSB- I 'm so glad to discover that Suave did change it 's formula and that other people are also unhappy with the change . Because I also had been using their product for years it took me some time to realize that it was the cause of the sudden itching I started experiencing while showering . After repeated changes in soap that made no different I used an old bottle of Suave I got from my sister and amazingly ... no itching ... not to my head , back or arms , which I had been experiencing . Now I have several large family size bottles of the new Suave that I bought on sale that I ca n't use and will have to just toss out . Worse , I can no longer buy their old formula that I loved , particularly for the price . I sure wish they would not have changed anything !!
 I have used Suave daily clarifying shampoo for years and it was a great product , but since they changed it it does not clean off the oils and leaves my hair a yellowish tint not the white I have been used to . This new formula that suave is using does not clarify your hair it work like every other shampoo . it cleans your hair but does not clarify as it did in the past . I will probably stop using this product and do not recomand it for whiting your hair.If you notice most of the reviews that talk about how good this product is , are several years old and the disapproving ones are of this year , since they changed the formula .
 Ingredients listed are not correct ! Even though ammonium sulfate and sodium sulfate shampoos are not that great for your hair , the ammonium sulfate Suave gave me moderate relief from several scalp problems . I bought them by the ton . Then they changed the ingredients . Fine , that 's the company . HOWEVER , this seller has incorrectly or falsely listed the incorrect ingredients , the older ingredients everyone wishes Suave would not have changed . Does this seller know they 've listed the wrong ingredients ? Well they got me did n't they ?
 Suave changed the formula for their clarifying shampoo . I ordered these based on picture of previous look but the new formula arrived . Leaves hair oily .
 When I purchased this shampoo , based on the price , I assumed I would be receiving multiple bottles in the mail . Not so . One bottle of Suave shampoo for $ 5 plus dollars . Do n't be fooled .
 I never received this product in the mail . It has been more than a week post the due arrival date .
 I did n't really like this shampoo . It left a smell that announced that I 'd used a dandruff shampoo . I 've used others that worked better and did n't smell bad .
 This shampoo did n't seem to work as well as regular Head and Shoulders for me . I seemed to have more flaking and my hair did n't have as much body as usual . I liked the idea of economy size bottle , but it 'd be much easier to use with a pump .
 I like the idea of a conditioner and shampoo in one but Pert Plus did n't do well in my hair . First of all , it did n't lather well . Then I needed to shampoo my hair twice to work up a good lather . It did rinse out well . Right after I shampooed with Pert Plus my hair felt soft and light , but the next day , it felt heavy and looked like it needed to be shampooed . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 I missed the old flex shampoo , so I decided to be impulsive and spend almost $ 50 on this bottle , and the smell is completely not as good as the old stuff , and therefore I wasted alot of money and am very disappointed !!! Save your money !
 THIS WAS PURCHASED IN ERROR . IT WAS VERY DEFINITELY OVERPRICED . THIS PRODUCT DID NOT HAVE A SCENT AND THE PRODUCT WAS ALMOST MAROON IN COLOR . NOT THE PALE YELLOW COLOR OF THE SHAMPOO I PURCHASED IN THE PAST . THE PRODUCT WAS OLD . . THE ITEM WAS RETURNED TO THE SELLER FOR CREDIT . .
 I only use it for the SPF 15 . It is really sticky and I do n't like to wear it . The color is wet and sticky looking . It feels like my lips keep sticking together .
 I paid $ 5.99 for 12.6 fl oz of this product . After I ordered , I later realized that Walmart sells 32 Fl Oz of it at $ 2.74 . It turns out that , I paid more than 2 times for a product which was less than half in volume . I did not expect this from an order fulfilled by amazon . I wished I could return but will cost me more than $ 4 for shipping as amazon will not consider this my fault .
 I got this shampoo hoping that it would help my dried out winter hair . Well , it made it worse ! I looked like Broomhilda afterwards ; it stripped my hair of anything that it had left and I looked as if I 'd stuck my finger in an electrical socket wet . I do n't recommend it at all if you have dry hair . If your hair is oily , then I think this would be fine . It sure smells nice and clean though ! Save your money for a professional brand - they definitely overshot the marketing on these !
 The picture of the item shows 3 bottles , however it is really only one . It is the smaller 12.6 oz bottle . not the larger 32 oz bottle that is often sold in stores . Also , the price for one smaller bottle was $ 5.99 , far more expensive than available in any store . Priced yesterday at Walgreens for $ 1.99 . Picture is completely misleading .
 Flex Shampoo , Frequent Use with Balsam and Protein - 15 fl ozit was obvious that when rcvd the product was tainted -LRB- black in color VS GOLDEN GLOW -RRB- Most importantly i returned product & vendor CUTIE BEAUTY promptly returned all costs including my shipping cost to return to them It was done Courtiously & prompty Although i was diasppointed with condition of product , the rest of the experience wsa just fine ALAN J FRIEDMAN
 The product I received was not what I ordered . The St. Ives Vitamin E & Vitamin A Advanced Therapy Lotion - 18 oz I received does not have Vitamin A in it . It has a strong perfume odor which I DO NOT WANT .
 Beware ! St. Ives has added a new scent to this product ! Not only is it overpoweringly sweet , it also made my skin burn.I 've used this product for twenty years , and it always treated my sensitive skin well . Now , it burns.St . Ives should n't be allowed to use the hypo-allergenic label on this product anymore .
 I used to use this lotion , like another reviewer here , for years since it was both excellent and cheap , and I loved the fact that it had a very neutral faint smell . About a year ago , I bought a new bottle , and when I got it home , I could n't believe this new AWFUL scent ! I took it right back to Walgreen 's , and St. Ives just lost a customer in my book . I loved the old version of the lotion which was worth 5 stars , but really this time around it 's only worth 1 on account of this new unwanted fragrance . I 'm going to contact the company and ask about this , maybe if enough people do , it might have an effect .
 I love the body wash . St. Ives has a Collagen Elastin body wash so I figured the lotion would smell and work just as great.Sike my life ! Smells terrible . I 'm sad guys . Really sad .
 If only I could give zero stars . A few months ago they changed to a , `` new and improved formula , '' that comes in the curved 21 oz bottle . My ass , improved . I had been a loyal user of the Collagen Elastin lotion for 13 years . I loved this product so much , I converted many people to it over the years . My husband never used lotion , but once he tried the CE lotion he used it almost every day . Now I 'm embarrassed that so many people , on my recommendation , will waste money on a product that does not work . I 'm so dismayed with the new formula . I do n't know if there is a new cheap chemical on the market that has resulted in the incredibly diminished quality of this formerly superior product . I do know that I can not use it . I tried , I really did , but somehow it manages to be greasy and chalky at the same time . The old formula was thick and creamy , and the new formula is thin and liquid . It definitely does nothing close to moisturizing my skin . It just sits on top of it . I spent this weekend testing all of the lotions in my pharmacy and none of them even came close to the comfort that the old formula gave . But since the new formula is so horrible , I had to switch brands . I hope St Ives sees how poorly this new formula is received , realizes how many loyal customers they are losing and reverts back to the old one . I would gladly come back to them if they bring back the quality we are used to .
 sent me the wrong item , TWICE , even after returning the item once at my cost , WITH A PICTURE OF THE RIGHT ITEM . Wo n't use them again , and do n't recommend for this reason .
 I would not recommend this product to anybody . I used it once and my face got completely dry , red , and started peeling . This lasted for about 3 days , and that was after using it the first -LRB- and last -RRB- time .
 This men 's scrub used to be wonderful ... fresh , clean scent , just the right amount of grit and smooth texture . Then , about a year ago they changed the packaging -LRB- the one pictured here is the OLD version -RRB- . Now it 's got a sickening cologne smell , and a gooey texture with large chunks of grit that feel like somebody dropped snot into a sandbox . I bought this based on the photo of the old package , hoping to snap up some of the previous formula ... What I got was the new , icky stuff . If that 's what you want , go for it . Otherwise , do n't be fooled by the incorrect photo .
 The photo shown here is NOT IN STOCK . They 're showing a pic of the old product that Nivea does not produce anymore . They have replaced it with this product -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , which is OK , but really a different product . I personally like the old product better , which I have been trying to find . Thought they had it here but it 's really the new product.Nivea for Men Revitalizing Face Scrub , 4.4-Ounce Tubes -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB-
 This product -LRB- Energizing -RRB- has been discontinued by Nivea . They have replaced it with `` Revitalizing '' Face Scrub . I much prefer the Energizing . I ordered this but was sent the Revitalizing instead . I asked for a refund label and mailing address , which the supplier said they would provide , but have not heard back -LRB- three weeks now -RRB- .
 My husband said this product was very thick and sticky . It left his hair feeling dirty and greasy , as if he had n't washed it for several days . He used it for two days and threw it away ! He normally uses DEP Hair Gel , and quickly returned to it after trying this product .
 I found that the gel made my hair fairly manageable , but lacked a certain degree of hardness upon drying . In addition , the lack of a good scent turns me away from this product . I would use it if it were free , but would not recommend it highly to anyone .
 The gel itself is too thick . I applied an amount the size of my palm to my hair . It still felt loose and I was not able to get the extra hold or control that the gel promised . I have a full head of hair that reaches just below my ears and this product did n't allow me to maintain the control I wanted .
 This product really is n't what I 'm looking for . If you have thin , fine hair , like me , I think a better product is '' `` Thicker Fuller Hair '' '' . While the hairdressing Gel from Alberto V05 does provide manageability , I prefer simply using hair spray -LRB- although some men probably shy away from that -RRB- . I used the product after washing my hair and the results were okay , but I think the product would be better suited for someone with a different type of hair . I would n't buy this product for myself .
 I ordered the Neutrogena Norwegian Formula - Fragrance-Free , but instead i received the regular cream . I do not tolerate the fragrance of this cream . There was no phone number or way to reach the merchandiser to make the complaint ... . I ca n't use this product .
 I usually like the Aussie line of products . I use their shampoo on a regular basis but I was greatly disappointed in this product ! It left my hair with a stiff and unnatural feeling while still feeling extremely greasy . The hair gel did keep my hair in place but within a few hours it felt like I had not washed my hair in a long time ! It made my hair feel like I had a helmet on my head !
 I bought this for my wife to prevent strech marks from appearing . However , in the last month , those marks came on . I 've seen in other reviews that people say you just ca n't prevent strech marks by applying such cream on you belly if you have the gene , though I 'm not quite sure about this .
 The company did not send me the product I ordered and substituted another Dep product . We were very disappointed
 This so called Sport gel with Ultimate hold is pretty much like just having water in you hair ! I 'm going back to the regular Ultimate hold # 9 or higher
 This product takes extra hold to the limit . My husband , son and I tried this product . Our hair was difficult to style after using this gel . It was like our hair was glued in place . Our hairstyles did n't look natural . Once the product was in our hair and dried , we had white flakes in our hair too . I had to rewash and style my hair again without the gel . I could n't recommend this product to others for these reasons . I realize some hairstyles require this strong hold , but most styles of our region are more relaxed and natural looking . We use gels and sprays but not to this extreme .
 I did n't care for this product for my particular hairstyle -LRB- curly and long -RRB- . It was too sticky and if applied wet , it was hard to style my hair . If applied dry , it makes my hair look wet and/or greasy . This product may be perfect for those that like the '' `` wet look , '' '' or for those who do n't have much styling to do , but I just want a smooth look .
 I like the newer L'Oreal version for bouncy curls and still keep the Garnier Fructis Curl Construct and one of my favorites . Like Tigi Foxy Curls , Samy Curl Definition , and Marc Anthony for curls .
 I liked the brush but the shipping costs outweighed the brush price . You can get the same effect with a goody brand type .
 I have very thick hair , and used this brush at least once a day . After some months it started coming apart along one side , and now it is n't usable . -LSB- ... -RSB- Worked well , but did n't last nearly as long as I expected it to .
 I was looking for something that would give a salon-straight blow out when I wash my hair at home . Round brushes are really difficult for me to maneuver in my hands , so the Denman brush seemed a lot easier.Its easy to use and certainly does get my hair straighter than other methods I 've used , but its scary how much of my hair gets pulled out . After a few uses , a friend of mine told me to remove a few rows of bristles in the brush to minimize the shedding . Still , it pulls out more hair than i 'm comfortable with . I 've stopped using it entirely .
 I ordered this brush based on the favorable customer reviews . Yes the bristles are very firm which seems to be what everyone likes about the brush . But what no one seemed to mention is just how short the handle is . It feels like a child 's brush ; its so small . I have average size hands and the end of the brush handle barely makes it to the middle of my palm . I called Amazon for a return because when I tried to do the return online I got a message saying the item was not returnable . Fortunately the good folks at Amazon issued a full refund to my account , essentially leaving me with the brush for free . But even for free its unusable to me so I ordered something else .
 I bought this brush because of all the good reviews , but I completely disagree . The bristles on the brush are very stiff , pointy and SHARP . You do NOT want them to rub against your scalp . Most my other brushes have little round bulbs on the tips to avoid this . Maybe I will use it for a cat brush instead .
 The brush looks like a factory reject , a 2nd in production . On one end the red rubber that holds the bristles looks torn . I am a amazon weekly customer and Prime member . All items i purchase are the right-competitive price . Sorry to say not this one . Looks like something from the `` 99cent '' store . Unfortunately the packaging was thrown out , I would have returned it . I threw the brush out too . I purchased on the reputation of Amazon -LRB- always 5 star -RRB- bad decision this time .
 It was like digging a rake through my natural hair . It pulled out huge tufts of hair but I so wanted this to work because of the positive reviews so I took out 3 of the bristles and tried it again . It still pulled out a lot of hair so I took out 2 more bristles and I was now left with 4 and it STILL pulled out a lot of hair !!!! I was stunned and sooooo disappointed because I 'd read so many wonderful perfect things about this brush . It 's now lying useless in my bathroom . Total waste of money . Maybe it will work for someone else but it did n't work for me : -LRB-
 I have been buying Denman D-4 brushes since the ' 80 's , and was VERY disappointed when I received this one . I ca n't tell it from a knock-off brand . The brush is light weight , and the bristles are stiff and hard . Not such a good deal when you do n't get what you expect . Since they can no longer be found in stores , I guess I 'll have to try another brand . I let the seller know , but got NO response .
 This brush rips through my natural corkscrew curls and does n't stop until it has stolen at least a handful of hair . I 'm so glad I discovered the tangle teezer . My oldest daughter hated it after the first use it made our curls frizzy and less defined . I just use a leave-in and Jason curl defining gel , and this brush made me look like a French Poodle . Thank the universe for the TT !!!!
 I bought this because it looked exactly like a classic brush I had as a kid which I loved . It was made to look that way , no doubt . However , it is nothing like those old brushes so if that is what you are looking for , do n't bother . The bristles are hard as a rock , it rips your hair and hurts your scalp . Ir also has a funky smell - agaain not the smell the old ones had , which is a truly particular smell of that orange rubber base-not that I liked it before but I was expecting the old smell , if any smell at all . Instead I got a funky strong chemical smell . YUK .2 stars is solely because it is a solidly made brush , and most of the problem is my subjective dislike of a brush so hard is is bad for my hair and hurts my scalp , and because I was expecting a specific brush that looks just like this one . Other people might like it , if they need rock hard bristles to gdt through super thick pr sup curly hair .
 Im sure this is a great brush for some people , but the handle is too short to provide sufficient leverage for Me , and the bristles are so hard it sort of hurts the scalp . A little disappointed .
 I ordered a Denman brush as pictured on the web site I bought it from . Black handle , orange cushion , white teeth.I received one with a white cushion and black teeth . I did n't feel right in my hand but It 's been a while since my last one . Also the white cushion slips easily out of the handle when used . It feels like a knock off.Soon afterward I was at my hairdresser 's and for just a few dollars more bought what I wanted . I see the difference now as described on the web page . I 'm just annoyed that a picture of what I was actually buying was not presented to alert me to the different brushes available . It 's not worth the trouble to send it back since postage to return it will just end up costing me the price of the brush anyway.No hard feelings . I know I should have read it more carefully . I just think it should have been more clear.Love my Denman brush.Margaret Cranor
 Was so disappointed in this brush . It felt like it was pulling my hair out and not getting the tangles out of my hair correctly . I even modified the brush like so many blogs I saw about the denman brush . But still did not like it . So I really give the brush no stars , horrible brush , but i had to give it a rating so 1 star for me . If you want to try a good detangler brush tray TANGLE TEEZER works SO MUCH BETTER than denaman brush .
 This brush is not very sturdy . It broke after only a few months . The plastic is not of sufficient strength for a hair brush .
 Okay the only good thing about this brush is the ability to adjust the rows of bristles to your liking . THAT 'S IT !! FYI
 I 'm African American with short-medium length fine textured thick 4a -LRB- little penspring curls -RRB- type hair.I 've tried 2 models of Denmans & they rip out my hair no matter how I use them & I get major split ends . I 've read numerous messages on youtube & natural hair message boards telling the same hair ripping story , with some saying they 'll never use it again . I 've even removed a few rows of teeth & cut off every other tooth . It does make it work better ... meaning it just rips out a bit less hair !! I ALWAYS get ripped hair left in the bristles . The very best detanglers for me are the wonderful Magic Star jumbo rake set -LRB- hotcombs.net -RRB- , the Ouidad Double detangler , & the Tangle Teezer . Between those 3 , my hair ... and I. . are happy & healthy !!
 Purchased this to replace an old goodie brush from the '90s and this was n't as good.The plastic teeth are n't smooth so they snag my hair.Actually hurts to brush this through my hair , my hair is thick and long -LRB- middle of my back -RRB- . The brush creates static , unfortunate since I purchased this brush to combat static in the winter months?Expensive for what it is , not worthy of the extra cost.Frustrating that simple items cost more , yet you get less quality.My old goodie was purchased for cheap when I was in high school and it had quality and lasted.What happened ?
 I had a cheep goody version of this brush that lasted for years . It finaly broke and I searched for a replacement . I purchased this brush thinking it would be even better than my goody , but after only a few months the handel broke off . I am so disapointed , but I still love the design of the head . I dont know what I am going to do . In the end the brush is a good one if the handels wouldnt break off . I am not sure if I will buy another one . FYI My hair is fine , mid back to waist long and would not be considered thick at all .
 Okay , so I , like , wanted this nail polish for my b-day and my gurlfrend Emily gace it to me and OMG it just was so cute ! And then I put it on and then , like , get this , it would n't come off ! And then I was like , Em , gurlfrend , we got ta talk why did you give me this , like , nail polish that wo n't , like come off ? And then we had a big fight and now she 's not my friend anymore and IHATEHER . So anyway gurlfrend , do n't buy this namby-pamby wishy-washy stuff .
 This color is NOT A BRIGHT color as pictured-this is NOT a bright pink/red ... I do n't think so . It 's REALLY maroon , about 5 shades DARKER than pictured . I do n't like it at all ... that being said , just about every OPI color I 've recv 'd so far is n't true to color . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS IF YOU LIKE THE COLOR PICTURED ... a word of advice , ladies , , unless you are familiar with a color , have used it , and found it here for a good price ... SAVE PURCHASING NAILPOLISH FOR IN PERSON !! What a disappoint ... and it 's just been disappointment after disappointment w colors . I spent alot of money , and wo n't ever wear the stuff I rec ` ved . AGAIN-THIS IS NOT A BRIGHT PINK/RED ... it 's a flat maroon . If you like that color , by all means , purchase it ... but you 're being mislead . Im a cosmetologist , and did nails for a long time ... I specialize in nails , pedicures , skincare and makeup . DO N'T DO IT !! I 've wasted ALOT of money on nailpolish here . Never again .
 My friend owns this color so I knew exactly the name and what the color looked like in person . I tried buying the color in nail salons but it was too hard to find so I was excited to see it on amazon . However , the color was verrrrrry different than what what it should have been based on the name . It is very sheer and more of a bubble gum pink than a champagne pearly color . What a disappointment !
 OPI is supposedly a good , and expensive polish . . However , it chips . Every OPI I have owned has had the same problem . I wo n't buy it again .
 this item was presented as a collection - I thought it would be the set of 4 small bottles of the collection - great for travel . Unfortunately , it was one large bottle - not as expected and will be returned .
 I bought this product because I did n't want to look like an old man . I stopped using this product because I did n't want to smell like an old man . I recommend using Neutrogena For Men Age FIghter Face Moisture ~ 1.4 Fl Oz instead .
 Very sticky , face feels oily all the time after using this and it smells like a women 's cream . I do n't recommend this to anyone
 I hit 46 this year so I decided I had better take a little care of my face . In my search for a moisturizer and sunscreen I found L'Oreal Men 's Expert Vita Lift Anti-Wrinkle & Firming Moisturizer . While it says non-sticky on the box , it felt very sticky even an hour after putting it on plus you feel like something is covering your face . One reviewer mentioned that it had no fragrance . It does and is listed in the ingredients . It has a very flowery smell that is not for me . I am wondering if this is simply something from the woman 's product line repackaged for men ?
 Just got two bottles . Opened one of them , which smells like rusty metal , gosh ! Not sure if the second one will be the same . But disappointed anyway .
 For a men 's product this item is overly fragranced with what I would not associate with a manly scent . I will stick with the men 's neutrogena & nivea face products which are much more mild in the scent department . I have used other l'oreal men 's products which did n't have any fragrance at all . I do n't understand why they went this direction with a face moisturizer .
 Warning !! mislead product detail says with sunscreen but it does not have any . i think they are confusing this with another L'oreal product ...
 smell really bad , it may have right ingredient , but smell badI used it only once and I throw it in trash .
 The moisturizer is great , but they send me the one with no SPF 15 -LRB- the old one -RRB- , not the one show .
 The product I received was not the product I ordered . The product is old and the quality is not what I am used to from L'Oreal . I have purchased a similar product -LRB- the one I actually ordered -RRB- at retail for a couple of years .
 Stay away from this product , it has a strange substance , not enjoyable at all , and the worst is the fragrance , quite nauseating , gave me a headache . I 've tried a number of facial moisturizers and this got to be the worst !
 I bought this lip gloss looking for something that would last as long as a lip stain . The application is n't that bad -LRB- twist and wait -RRB- , and the taste is n't bad , but as soon as I put it on , it 's gone 30 minutes later . I put it on and it 's goopy and sticky because it 's a gloss , but after I wait for it to set , it still comes off within 30 minutes . And I 'm not obsessively licking or chewing my lips or anything ! Honestly , both cheap lipstick and lipstain from the drugstore last 10 times as long as this -LRB- and are MUCH cheaper . -RRB- Do n't waste your time with this . It does n't last and I find it ridiculously expensive .
 I have used every Garnier product on the market , from their Sleek and Shine collection , Volume colllection and to this , and I have one question ... what 's with all the oil Garnier ? Every Garnier product that I have used has made my hair flat , grimy-looking and oily . And , I also have severe asthma and sinus issues , so when I was scrubbing this into my hair , I burst into full-blown wheezing . I had to use a handful to make it lather because , it came out like a liquid and it felt like I had put a combination of baby oil and Crisco onto my head . When I dried my hair , guess what ? ... Even worse !!! It hung in a mass of oily clumps with a filmy looking substance over it . I had to wear my hair in a bun or high ponytail all week when I went to school . My peers called me `` Olive Oil '' and `` Grezemonkey '' and `` Crisco '' the whole week . It took about A WEEK to get all this mess out of my hair . The shampoos that I would recommend are the Suave Naturals Collection , Mango Mandarin , Sun-Ripened Strawberry , and Daily Clarifying being the best . I have also used the Suave Sleek and Vibrant Shine collection as well , and they do n't leave a single drop of grease in your hair . Anyways , the Keyword , as I have stated for this shampoo is `` Grease !! '' , and I will gladly leave it that way . Even all my friends , who have used a lot of Garnier products say how much it sucks ! We keep on going back to Suave Naturals because of the amazing results we get . I 'd suggest that you try them out before wasting your money on this . Absolute worst quality ever in a shampoo ! D :
 I purchase a bottle of Garnier Frutis Fortifying shampoo Daily care , normal hair 25.4 fl oz -LRB- 750ml -RRB- for $ 5.54 yesterday . I thought Amazon suppose to be cheaper . . Disappointed .
 I bought this lip gloss looking for something that would last as long as a lip stain . The application is n't that bad -LRB- twist and wait -RRB- , and the taste is n't bad , but as soon as I put it on , it 's gone 30 minutes later . I put it on and it 's goopy and sticky because it 's a gloss , but after I wait for it to set , it still comes off within 30 minutes . And I 'm not obsessively licking or chewing my lips or anything ! Honestly , both cheap lipstick and lipstain from the drugstore last 10 times as long as this -LRB- and are MUCH cheaper . -RRB- Do n't waste your time with this . It does n't last and I find it ridiculously expensive .
 I bought this lip gloss looking for something that would last as long as a lip stain . The application is n't that bad -LRB- twist and wait -RRB- , and the taste is n't bad , but as soon as I put it on , it 's gone 30 minutes later . I put it on and it 's goopy and sticky because it 's a gloss , but after I wait for it to set , it still comes off within 30 minutes . And I 'm not obsessively licking or chewing my lips or anything ! Honestly , both cheap lipstick and lipstain from the drugstore last 10 times as long as this -LRB- and are MUCH cheaper . -RRB- Do n't waste your time with this . It does n't last and I find it ridiculously expensive .
 SweetSpot cleanser seemed heaven sent . I try to be conscious of the ingredients in most products and I was confident that a cleanser designed for my sweet spot would be gentle on it -LRB- It 's called a Gentle Feminine Wash -RRB- . That said , I gave this product two distinct shots . It failed both times.I used this for months and could never understand why I was having so many problems in my pants . I kept attributing it to a preexisting health condition that I have and did not connect the dots . I ran out of the sweet spot wash -LRB- I used the citrus scent -RRB- and used another cleanser for months . When I had the chance I bought another 4 oz bottle of Sweet Spot and almost immediately -LRB- within hours -RRB- after using started having a burning problem again.This product is not hypoallergenic . I knew that going in but I figured a product someone had designed for ladybits would be for sensitive skin . I am not sure what the ingredient/s are/were that caused s burning , blistering itch , but I do n't want to keep testing . I 'm using the rest of it to shave my legs and have n't had an issue . I will not use it again for its intended purpose.May not be sweet for your ladyparts . Buyer beware .
 This product does not work for me.I have been using it for about two weeks now , it did not keep me from breaking out at all . So I think I 'm going back with my clearasil . Although it does leave your skin with a feel of smoothness but that 's all . I do n't think I will purchase it again .
 The picture you have of the 60 second mask scrub is the wrong product to what is being sold ! I ended up with something different to what I bought and now I have to hassle with returning it . Do n't be fooled by the picture . Thats not what you will be purchasing .
 It may claim to be oil-free , and it may even have salicylic acid in it , but it is still a cream-type , moisturizing scrub better for normal - to dry-skin with only mild breakouts . It does not lather , and when rinsed off it leaves behind a heavy residue that must be washed off with a standard cleanser or it will clog pores and cause more blackheads and pimples . The scent is not strong , but whether it is pleasant will be up to the individual user ; it 's a medicinal/chemical scent that I did n't love , but the fragrance by itself would n't have kept me from using the product . The scrub particles are so-so ; they 're the right density but they are natural particles with ragged , rough edges and sharp points that is rough on your skin to the point of scratching it . There are many other scrubs out there for acne-prone skin that are much better than this product . This would be OK for dry skin that is not sensitive nor acne-prone .
 within three days of daily use my face began to suffer a series of uncontrollable eruptions . this never happened before , the truth was very scared so I decided to stop using . if it was not for my skin type or reaaci&oacute;n was due to some allergic to one of the compounds of the product , but it was a very bad experience .
 I 've been using this shampoo and conditioner for about 3 weeks and my hair has never been dryer . My ends were crispy and my hair frizzy . I switched back to pantene today and it 's shiny , smooth and soft again . Oh , and the shampoo smells like wine ...
 i was excited at first to get this shampoo and realized it was n't that great after a few washings . It weighed down my hair , gave no shine , and i had hair breakage . the only reason , i am giving this shampoo 2 stars is because of the sweet scent and a little softness . overall , i would try something else actually worth the money .
 I have been purchasing Inner Realm for my wife for years . This was a large bottle for a good price . I usually buy the smaller bottle . It does not have the scent as previous bottles . Not sure what the difference is . I will buy elsewhere next time .
 I wore Inner Realm for years , loved it and always received compliments on it . I was so happy to find it available again ... unfortunately more than just the packaging changed with this fragrance . It may have been a bad batch , but the scent has a strong chemical smell . Once sprayed and aired out ... it seems similiar to classic Inner Realm scent ... but it just is n't . So bummed . Not sure if I should try another bottle to see if it was a bad batch or a disappointing new formula !
 I got to say I agree with the most recent `` disappointed '' reviewers ... I LOVE Realm , for women . I bought a Bottle from `` perfume-analina '' and it smelled great ! Since I read the glowing reviews and knew I already LOVED Realm , I HAD to try INNER REALM , especially for the price . Probably my error was getting what I paid for ... The large bottle I bought from `` FragranceNet '' was a blast of disbelief when I sprayed myself . Instead some ethereal treat as it is reviewed as , I just use it when I need a pungent smell to mask another not as pleasant smell . Total bummer . It may be the FRANGRANCENET seller , or maybe this stuff just expired . It IS discontinued ... Guess I got hosed with a bitter No - `` Winner '' Realm.BTW
 This is NOT the same Inner Realm I have worn for 15 years or more ! I wish someone would explain to me what happened to the old version , and WHERE did this one come from ?! I 'm going to try ordering something that shows to be packed in the old blue box ...
 A strong perfume , bad smells like coconut oil , would not buy this product again . Will not recommend to friends and family
 This product is unpleasant . It cools for a second , then turns sticky . I tossed it in the trashbin after giving it a 2 week trial .
 I feel bad posting a less-than-glowing review for this , since so many people love it , but it just did NOT live up to my expectations . First , this balm is waxy and heavy . Not quite as bad as old-school chapstick , but pretty close . It made my lips feel gummy and almost -LRB- but not quite -RRB- sticky . I also find the ingredients list questionable , because the vanilla scent -LRB- `` vanilla extract '' on the label -RRB- is very strong and extremely artificial ; additionally , I felt a mild stinging with repeat applications . I do have sensitive skin that is prone to eczema and seborrheic dermatitis , but I 've never reacted to vanilla fragrances or true vanilla -LRB- by which I mean diluted vanilla essential oil -RRB- . This was a dud for me .
 Will never buy from this company ever again ! This is OBVIOUSLY a counterfeit perfume . A total waste of my time and money . I would not give this any stars , but it would n't let me .
 I ordered 2 bottles of the perfume and I only received one . I do n't know where to call or who to contact in order to follow up with this order . The perfumes were received in a plastic wrap versus the original box and I do n't recall that being specified on the description of the advertising . Please let me know how to obtain the second bottle or a refund . Thank you
 I always loved this scent and have been unable to find it and although it 's available , it smells old despite the packaging never having been opened before I received it . There 's a reason why it 's hard to find , it has n't been made for at least 4 years according to what I 've read on the RL website . If you 're a fan of this scent also , join me in writing to Ralph Lauren and ask them to bring this scent back . It 's happened with other scents , maybe we can do it with this one , too .
 Both perfumes were horrible ! I tried the same ones in-store and got samples of both . When I spray the perfume I got from a reputable department store , it lasts for hours . Both of these perfumes I bought from Beauty Encouter were so horrible that it would not even last one hour !! Unfortunately since it was shipped abroad to a deployed location it was not possible to return it on time and also there are restrictions for travelling with liquids etc. ... I am so beyond dissapointed . I am very disappointed and do not want to shop from Beauty Encounter again and make sure everyone knows about the fake watered down perfume . You can see other reviews online about the fake and/or watered down perfume that people have said you sell if you dont beleive me . PLease make sure this feedback gets to the right department . I am going to allow sometime to hear your feedback becuase I post this ont he military boards and discourage people who are deployed to buy from your website It is little pleasures like this that keep people happy during wartime . The least you could have done is not send fake perfume to people deployed in warzones . Shame !!!!!!
 I was not happy . The last time I ordered this product I received a bottle 2x the size for 1/2the price of what I paid . Inaddition , the sprayer does n't work
 Item no foi entregue na data programada . Estava em viagem e no pude levar o produto , haja vista a demora .
 This purchase was a dissappointment . I bought this for my brother for Christmas . When he opened it , the bottle was half empty . I felt really bad about it . I dont know how this could happen , but its a shame .
 As displayed on the web site , it supposed to be the perfume . However , I 'm very disappointed and it 's very bad experience I ever had with amazon.com . BECAREFUL ! This is not the perfume , it 's deoderant . This product is also not eligible for returning . Now I get 3 deoderant sticks enough for 3 years , instead of the perfume I wished for . SUCKS !
 Despite a great deal on the 4oz size vs. the 2oz size , this Polo does n't smell like the Polo -LRB- standard , green bottle , original -RRB- I am used to . Smells like Brut cologne . Soapy . Disappointed . Stick with the 2oz sizes and best to smell before you buy -LRB- at the store -RRB- perhaps ? That being said , the Bleu De Chanel samples are awesome and highly recommended !
 I recently ordered this product from Brazil . The price was attractive since this product , Polo perfume , sells for a bit more here in Brazilian stores . But the scent of the perfume was very weak . Shortly after applying it , the scent had nearly disappeared . The Polo I 'm familiar with has a scent that will last the whole day . Was the product tampered with ? Was the Polo perfume replaced with a poorer quality product ? I do n't know , but I 'm suspicious.Douglas Ota
 I have been wearing Polo cologne for over 25 years . I have always purchased from a major department store or a major retailer . When I ran out I recently decided to use an Amazon gift card and purchase my Polo on Amazon , thinking I could save some money.The product was sold through a marketplace seller . I had read reviews about customers receiving counterfeit fragrances from Amazon marketplace sellers in the past , so I weeded through the sellers to find one that appeared to be legit . In hindsight , I should have spent slightly more money and gone with the nationwide fragrance chain store that was also selling on Amazon . Then I could have been certain that what I was ordering was legit and I could have stopped into their bricks and mortar store here locally if there were issues.The product packaging for my order was all top notch and very genuine looking . The labels , wrapping , box , and even the printing on the bottle was all crisp and precise . It passed my visual test.The fragrance smells the part , so that passed my sniffer test . I thought all was good.After a few weeks of daily use , here is what I can say
 I purchased a bottle of Polo from Amazon that was shipped from the seller fromemeraldgreen1966 . The first bottle has a defective sprayer . They replaced it with a new bottle that also had a defective sprayer . I believe this company is selling defective products as new and would never buy from them again .
 I was really excited about getting this , it 's a scent i remember with fondness from my earlier years and i was delighted to see that i could still get my hands on it . I got a shock when it arrived though . . it did n't smell anything like it i remembered , maybe it 's just me but it had this weird smell to it like there was something else mixed in . ca n't stand the smell now and i think i `` d be doing my fragrance purchases direct from the store where i cansmell it first . .
 I ordered from Amazon 's vendor Polo ` Pour '' EDT . One week later I receive ` Spray '' EDT . I called vendor twice and both times the response was sorry bout that and that was it !!! So I guess next time I order the jaguar and they ship the Yugo it 'll be okay !! Never again will I ever ever ever order from this vendor . I have used Polo ` pour '' for 28 years and will continue to . I will definitely not purchase from Amazon or one of their vendors.Amazing how the negative vendor review I wrote disappeared as well !!!!
 I bought the endless ruby color of this product and yes the color is beautiful on my lips . But after 4 hours my lips start to peel . Its great for going out for a few hours but for long wear like working , its a no-no . Also if you mess up , thats it . theres no going over it to fix it . One shot on kill type of thing . Overall I would n't recommend it .
 I 've always been pretty happy with Maybelline . Usually I get a good bang for my buck with them . But their products have begun to really get mediocre . The eyeliner smears and this stuff is garbage ... Here 's why . . No matter what you do , this lipstick does n't stay put . It feathers , fades off , rubs off , slides , off , it just plum does n't stay on your lips . I usually will get any dry skin off my lips with a wet toothbrush and have a `` clean canvas '' . The applicator makes a mess and the product hardly stays in the lines . It takes forever to dry and when it does , its wanting to come off . Applying the clear coat makes it even worse and that 's when the bad feathering begins . I ca n't even get through an hour of two of work without having to reapply this lipstick . I am so unhappy with this stuff and after buying it for many years , am about to throw my latest tube in the garbage and stop buying it !
 Shame on you Maybelline ! I tried this product and it lasts alright - STICKS LIKE GLUE - LITERALLY ! I applied the color and the followup gloss/conditioner and within 30 seconds wanted to remove it because it made my lips stick together - not just a bit - a lot ! Thing is - 24 hours later I was still trying to remove it tried following their removal suggestions ; I tried soap and water , cold cream - nothing worked . I returned it and got a refund . One of the worse makeup experiences I 've ever had . Shame , shame .
 Either way worn glass then lipstick or vice versa will leave you running for the bathroom to rub that clumpy mess off of your lips.One of the worst lipsticks I 've ever tried !
 Take my word for it . It 's Gunky within 1/2 hour in the mirror trying to get the pasty balls off your mouth . The one thing it does do , is provide a stain of some sort . anywhere instantly . If you go over the edge in which you will because its very runny . it will be hard to fix the stained mistakes .
 this is pretty good , colour was better than expected , will most likey buy it again , so would reccomend this for customeres to buy
 I could not get my normal brand so I tried super stay24 Maybelline , not at all happy does n't last that long and realy dries your lips out .
 Never order cosmetics online unless you 've tried them elsewhere first . Has staying power but not the colour it appears to be in the picture . I gave it away .
 It does n't spray with any force or if it is at any angle other than upright . You have to do two square inches of your body at a time .
 Oh my gosh I hated this tanning lotion !!!! It made me look super orange ... and dont even get me started on the smell when I started tanning with it suddenly it became so overwhelming and it reminded me of burnt skittles lol I always had to take a shower right ater tanning because it was so strong and gross ... So in my opinion dont even waste ur time or money .
 These products made my skin worse than it has ever been in my whole life . As if I did n't already feel bad enough about having a problem with acne , this stuff made my skin inflamed and painful 10 fold . Sadly , because the product says it may take up to 6 weeks to see results , I made myself keep using it for 2 months , in hope that things would improve . My skin was so terrible by the time I decided to stop that I actually cried . Luckily after discontinuing use , things calmed down - but I was left with scars and an empty wallet . If you are truly desperate , save the money to see a dermatologist . I was lucky enough to get on insurance and go see one and let me tell you it changed my life ! You need oral meds and prescription topicals - none of these kinds of products online are really going to help if you have cystic acne - perhaps they work fine for people with a mild problem . I have n't had a break out for 3 months now and my skin is finally healing , but I will never forget how horrid Murad worked for me and I strongly encourage people not to buy it ! I wanted to give it zero stars , but the site would n't let me .
 I 've been using this product for several weeks now and do n't see any difference in breakage or softness . This is no ` must have ' . I wonder if these reviews are part of their advertisement strategy .
 I was SOOOO excited to find this classic scent I used to love.It arrived quick as most things I purchase from Amazon do . I ripped it open and sprayed it before realizing the HORRIBLE smell all over me ! It 's OLD and smells like DEATH!To make matters worse , within two hrs I started feeling really sick to stomach and got a fever and cold sweats . This lasted for 24 hrs.Wish VS would just bring the classic scent back !
 I also bought the matching brush , which broke on the first use . The handle is very thin , flimsy plastic . I 'm being very careful with this but I do n't expect it to last very long . A waste of money . Look for something with a wooden handle .
 I was very happy to find this perfum as Ralph Lauren has descontiued this perfum for a while now . It was very dissapointing to receive a product that is not even near the original , it smells strongly like alcohol .
 I received my well wrapped perfume and opened the box , got the bottle out , I was so excited and I tried it on my wrist ... that was the worst smell!I was purchasing this perfume online because I could n't find it anywhere else and I was running out of the one I had . The perfume I received is really old . I guess they do n't do quality check on this . To top that , they do not exchange or refund or replace it because it is in the category of hazardous and non refundable . I sent a letter to amazon.com since I bought it from them , to see what we can do about it but did n't heard from them ... I will have to wait and see . I would have liked to speak to someone or send an e-mail to amazon.com to try and resolve my problem but they do n't make it easy to do so.Basically , my advice for you is to not purchase perfume online cause you might receive an old left over from 10 years ago and you wont be able to return it , your money spent is lost , and it was n't cheap . That is my first bad experience with online purchasing and I can tell you that never again will I purchase perfume online .
 This stuff is NASTY , smells gross ! - I could n't even give it away , I just ended up throwing it in the trash . Save your money and buy something else ! I will never buy anything made by Ralph Lauren again !!!
 I bought this lip gloss looking for something that would last as long as a lip stain . The application is n't that bad -LRB- twist and wait -RRB- , and the taste is n't bad , but as soon as I put it on , it 's gone 30 minutes later . I put it on and it 's goopy and sticky because it 's a gloss , but after I wait for it to set , it still comes off within 30 minutes . And I 'm not obsessively licking or chewing my lips or anything ! Honestly , both cheap lipstick and lipstain from the drugstore last 10 times as long as this -LRB- and are MUCH cheaper . -RRB- Do n't waste your time with this . It does n't last and I find it ridiculously expensive .
 I tried this bar because my face started to get a bit oily and I started to break out with a couple of pimples . Bad idea . It says for sensative skin but beware . I could not go into work the next day . My face got extremely irritated . I got red , blotchy , itchy spots all over my face . I thought it was just maybe my skin so I gave it to my sister . Same thing happened to her . I would try this on a small spot of skin first .
 This product contains methylparaben , propylparaben which have been shown in studies to release potentially cancer-causing chemicals . Amazon did not list these ingredients in product description . Now I have to throw it away because to return it would cost me as much as the product itself .
 Fragrance is way too strong for me - I put it on before bed and WHEW !! I wanted a different `` refreshing '' fragrance that is no longer made .
 I love the Aveeno Oatmeal lotion and oils , so I was trying this one out because it smelled so good at the store . Unlike the other Aveeno products I used , this lotion just stayed sticky and tacky . I tried it a number of times , in a variety of environments -LRB- putting it on before bed , before work , immediately following a shower -RRB- because I liked the scent so much , but unfortunately , I just felt sticky.So , to summarize , I recommend all the other Aveeno products , but this one , as good as it smells , is no good .
 I do n't like it but it was a gift for someone who really likes this product . I would not buy buy it for myself
 It would have been really nice , if I 've gotten the right product . Instead of Johnson 's Softlotion -LRB- as advertised -RRB- , white bottle , I received Johnson 's Body Care , pink bottle . There is a difference . I am not happy , at all .
 I bought this lip gloss looking for something that would last as long as a lip stain . The application is n't that bad -LRB- twist and wait -RRB- , and the taste is n't bad , but as soon as I put it on , it 's gone 30 minutes later . I put it on and it 's goopy and sticky because it 's a gloss , but after I wait for it to set , it still comes off within 30 minutes . And I 'm not obsessively licking or chewing my lips or anything ! Honestly , both cheap lipstick and lipstain from the drugstore last 10 times as long as this -LRB- and are MUCH cheaper . -RRB- Do n't waste your time with this . It does n't last and I find it ridiculously expensive .
 I have used this product for many years but it has been at least a few years since I have purchased it new , as it lasts a LONG time and I bought several at once the last time . The product has changed and is inferior to what it used to be , or else just this lot is defective . It is very hard to apply , almost like it 's rolling off the lips instead of onTO them -- almost like there is a coating of wax preventing it from being absorbed or something ; it does not seem to help to sharpen with a pencil sharpener either . . It also makes little chips of pencil color that break off on the lips and are impossible to blend in . I do n't know what they added or removed , but it is most unfortunate .
 i received my prestige lip pencil few days ago and i was inlove with the color so i deceided to try it on that very day.the pencil is so hard like a stone.my lips hurts so bad and i wont buy again
 the only thing i liked was that the shipping was fast . i expected the nail polish to be kind of metallic because thats how chrome nail polishes are supposed to be . but when i tried it out ... . i hated it ... . it wasnt chrome ... it was more like glitter polish ... its not that bad because it was cheap ... but it wasnt at all what i expected and i dont like it .
 The picture of the spray listed in the ad is NOT what was delivered.While the fragrance is genuine , it appears a sample spray vial -LRB- such as can be picked up in the department store for free -RRB- was inserted in a advertisement card which originally held a much longer vial . I wish the ad would 've been listed in oz and not just ml .
 I 've used bareMinerals foundation for a couple years now . I usually go to the department store to purchase it but since I order so much from Amazon I thought I would save myself a trip and order it online . I was very excited to see how much less expensive it was , but this should have been my first warning . While the packaging is the same , the powder provides pretty much zero coverage . It also seemed to slightly irritate my skin . I love bareMinerals foundation , but this is not bareMinerals foundation ...
 I 've always been a Sheer Cover user since it came out on TV . Then I kept seeing the Bare Minerals commercials too . I thought one day I 'd goto Spehora & buy the Bare Minerals and see if it works the same or better . Well I have to say Sheer Cover is so much better . Sheer Cover feels better and looks better . So I am giving this one star .
 I would n't recommend this product for truly sensitive skin . The quality of my skin degraded when I used this product -- within a few days of use , the most sensitive areas of my face got a little blotchy -LRB- reddish -RRB- , and the skin around my nose as well as between my nose and upper lip became persistently itchy . I think that most people will love this product -- the first day that I used it , it went on so silky . It felt so light and my face looked finished . If you think that you might have sensitive skin , you 'll probably be fine -- but if you know that you have really sensitive skin , beware .
 After loyally using Bare Minerals for 3 years , I finally had to throw it all in the garbage . When I first started using this product , my skin was combination normal/oily with a tendancy to break out . I thought this product was easy to use and gave beautiful coverage . But as time went by , my skin became more and more dry . Over the last few months , what began as dryness had become a chronic red , scaly , and flakey condition . My skin is always peeling . Since I still did not realize that my beloved BareMinerals was to blame , I would just load on the moisturizer and pile on the makeup to cover it . My skin has since started to break out in itchy red bumps that ooze when scratched.I went on like this for a couple of months until finally realizing that the whole mess was caused by the BareMinerals . After switching to a tinted moisturizer for only a couple of days , my skin stated to look and feel better.It has been a month since I last used BareMinerals , and my skin is still not completely balanced . I still have dry and flaky patches on my cheeks , but they are starting to improve.I have given BareMinerals two stars because of how much I loved this product before it started to ruin my skin.Bottom line
 I was intrigued by this product and its promises of being `` so pure '' and so I bought it last week at Sephora . I watched the DVD it came with and used it for a couple of days . I noticed that my skin started to develop red blotches of scaliness , red bumps around my mouth and little spots of irritation all over my skin - kind of like pimples but just dry red bumps . I finally realized that the bare minerals was doing this to me!I do not typically have skin problems - my skin is smooth and I never had problems with acne . My skin is however , dry and sensitive but I have never had this bad of an allergic reaction to make up . -LRB- the only other problem I have had was with Clinique eye shadows - they break my eye lids out in a rash -RRB- I am just hoping that I do not have to go to the dermatologist to clear this up.I would never recommend this product to anyone - especially anyone with dry or sensitive skin.If you really want to try it , I would suggest applying just a small amount of the foundation to an inconspicuous part of your face - like the back of your chin near your ear - and see if you develop a rash in a couple of days .
 I like most of you tried Bare Minerals after seeing glowing infomercials . I 'm only in my late twenties and do n't have many lines , but I feel like the foundation aged me twenty years . My skin was dry and taut and it actually made my pores look larger . I felt like it sapped all the moisture out of my skin . This product might be good for women with oily skin who live in humid climates , but if you live in a dry climate like me , do not buy this product ! I 've found better products at the drugstore , Neutrogena Healthy Skin Tint is excellent for the price and it will leave your skin looking a whole lot better .
 I was in their store yesterday and had the tech give me the full treatment
 I have tried BM twice now , and it just does not work for me . I moisturize and use primer , the makeup never looks right . I can not blend it to match my skin tone , it rests heavy in my pores and makes my skin look `` dirty '' . More to the point , it makes a mess in my bathroom . I do love that it is a powder versus a traditional foundation - but that 's the only plus for me ... as for whatever reason , the makeup irritates my skin a bit upon application -LRB- maybe the brushes -RRB- . Overall , it does not work for me at all and I will be returning it to Sephora . Hope you have better luck !
 I used this foundation a long while ago . At first I really liked it and the coverage it gave , but I 've tried better . But after using for about a month of continuous use it gave me really bad acne . I 'm still trying to fix the mess it made on my skin . I now use Everyday Minerals which has been a godsend to my face for makeup .
 I did n't have flawless skin before trying this product , but I also never had cystic acne before . The makeup looked good and I liked it , but after a few weeks , I started getting horrible , sore , red cysts ALL over my face , but especially on my cheeks . It took me a while to figure out it was the makeup , but once I stopped using it , my skin improved immediately . It 's been about two years since I last used this stuff , and I still have some acne scars that are faded but not quite gone . The red scars were really upsetting for a very , very long time . Do not buy this item !
 I found this product to be more like plain powder . It did n't have the magnetic properties that the genuine Bare Minerals products do . The seller was more than willing for me to return it , and even reimbursed me for the return shipping .
 I 've been using this product for years and thought I found a deal here on Amazon . NOPE ! The product is extreamly poor and has no coverage whatsoever . I had to keep using more and more , and it was n't doing anything for my skin . I should have guessed , this was only $ 14 vs. the real deal , $ 27 in my local dept store . I think I 'll just pay the extra and get the real product . I will NOT be back .
 I have tried this product and found it wanting . I agree with many of the reviewers that it feels light and silky and certainly looks like you have no makeup on at all . Unfortunately , I can look like I have no makeup on at all by simply wearing no makeup . With my older -LRB- early 50 's -RRB- skin , I find that it really did not help in covering/hiding fine lines , dark -LRB- ish -RRB- circles under my eyes , or facial discoloration and the luminous quality of the powders actually seems to highlight wrinkles and lines rather than hide them . If I have to use a concealer makeup to aid in hiding these imperfections , I feel I might as well buy another type of makeup . On younger skin , I can well imagine this makeup could be quite lovely but I do n't recommend it for the more mature set.In an update to this review , based on some of the responses to my post , I decided -LRB- since I still had the makup ! -RRB- to give it one more try and wear it for a week or so . It could be my skin type , but I still feel the `` luminosity '' of the makup only managed to accentuate , not hide , the fine lines around my eyes and mouth . Also , after wearing the makup daily for a little over a week , I found that it became increasingly itchy on my skin . I developed a few reddish patches on the more sensitive areas of my face -LRB- mainly around the eye area -RRB- . I finally gave it away to a young person who will hopefully have better luck with it !
 I 'm in my 20s and have combination/semi-sensitive skin . I 'm used to using makeup by Kose and Laura Mercier which has always worked well for me . I was very excited about Bare Escentuals Minerals foundation since it 's `` 100 % natural '' and seemed like it would cut down on make-up application time.After 2 days of using the Medium mineral foundation along with the mineral veil , I started to notice some redness on my skin , which is very strange since I rarely have breakouts like that . On the 3rd day , my skin not only felt like sandpaper , but red patches appeared on my forehead , cheeks , and chin area . There were also small whiteheads among the red patches , which became very itchy and course . I immediately stopped using the Bare Minerals product . Though my skin is starting to slowly heal , it is still red , irritated , and rough . Though I do n't doubt that this product does wonders for some people , it had the opposite effect for me.They state that it is made of 100 % pure bareminerals and is free of talc , waxes , oil , etc. but they do n't specifically state what is in it , which may potentially irritate your skin . Some mineral makeup contain bismuth oxychloride . Bismuth is `` a by-product of lead and copper . '' Imagine having to buff/rub that into your skin and pores . It may well be a `` natural '' ingredient of the earth , but just not natural to be on your skin . That may have been the reason why my body apparently rejected this product , similar to many other customers who have used it.This is just my opinion and my experience but I suggest that before you use this product all over your face , do a test -LRB- leave on a small area of skin and leave on for a good amount of time -RRB- , to see if you react adversely to it .
 With my senior prom just weeks away , I was willing to drop big bucks on this product hoping it would deliver what the late night infomercials promised . Thankfully , my local ULTA store sold Bare Escentuals foundation , so I was able to test it before I bought it . And I 'm glad I did , because I HATED it.The results were no different from other mediocre foundations I had used in the past . It did n't conceal as well as I thought it would and in some spots , it made some blemishes more noticeable . Worst of all , it gave my face a type of eerie `` glow '' that looked very unnatural in EVERY light -LRB- trust me -RRB- . The make-up created a `` mask-o-glow '' that made it quite obvious where your make-up starts and where it ends.If I have anything positive to say about the product , it would be that it felt very light on my skin and very soft to the touch . And the compliments stop there.As a woman of color , it 's hard to find good make-up that can look natural and conceal well , and with the `` hype '' generated by Bare Escentuals , I am VERY disappointed with the product.But if you are the least hopeful that it may work for you , do what I did
 I find the product very messy to use . The powder manages to get over everything , i.e , vanity , clothes . I am middle aged with very good skin and I am not very wrinkled . This product accentuated my pores and the tiny wrinkles I do have . If I used very little like it says , it did not provide any coverage . If you use too much it covers but makes your face shiny and not natural . The colors were also hard to match . The darker too dark and the lighter , too light -LRB- almost ghost like -RRB- . I do n't know what all the fuss is about at all . I gave it to my 15 year old daughter to try who has acne . Maybe it would work for her . What a mistake , not only did it also accentuate her pores , it did not cover the acne , not even using the bisque and she broke out more . This product also takes a long time to apply . I did not like it at all nor would I recommend it but apparently I am certainly in the minority on this one .
 I have a basic and non-time consuming make-up regimen , I also have very fair skin . I had hoped that Bare Escentuals would deliver as a shortcut to UV protection and providing light coverage with a natural finish . No such luck ! I swear this product INVENTS fine lines and wrinkles . It is bizarrely `` glowy '' and makes me look shiny everywhere . It magnifies pores and lines by settling into them . It also takes much more time to apply than any other face powder I have ever used . The color was n't bad , but the application , required brush , price , and performance were truly disappointing . Spare yourself and do not buy this product .
 The way I tried BE is by purchasing the introductory boxed set that had several colors , brushes and a video on how to use it . I used BE for an entire week following the video instructions exactly . I use a good skin care regimen -LRB- cleanse-tone-moisturize -RRB- to make sure my skin was properly prepared , and all to no success . IT MADE MY PORES LOOK HUGE . It accentuated fine lines . It made my skin appear overly shiny . It clogged my pores . I tried to make it work , but finally gave up and sent it back . I did end up liking the Mineral Veil powder applied as a finishing powder over my regular foundation -LRB- rather than over their foundation -RRB- . It is very translucent and easy to apply . The rest of the BE products really were a lot more hype than substance in my opinion . I tried the eyeliner powder too , and it really irritated my eyes .
 After using Bare Minerals for a Saturday morning and a Sunday morning application I have a horrible sunburn-like dry itchy raw face for 3 days . I previously tried Cover Girl Mineral makeup and had the same reaction , but did not realize the connection until now . Following research online-I discovered that many women suffer this same rash from the Bismuth Oxychloride contained in this product and some other brands like Cover Girl.For those with Sensitive Skin , I would suggest finding a brand without that ingredient . There are several brands .
 I have , for the most part , pretty average skin -LRB- medium to fair complexion with slightly combination skin -RRB- . However I have gotten many complements on my skin - why ? Because I am very good at applying makeup!After hearing all the hype about the mineral makeups I decided to give it a try over my regular concealer/foundation/pressed powder routine . I purchased the bare minearls foundation with the recommended brushes and did not like the product at all -LRB- even after extensive testing -RRB- . It did not provide coverage for my problem spots -LRB- dark under-eye circles and occasionaly breakouts -RRB- and it did not absorb any oil . The effect was shiny , almost metallic -LRB- from the reflective pigments -RRB- and the color did not match well with my skin . -LRB- This despite the fact that I bought this item at a Ulta so I had tried it on my face and picked the one that I thought was closest to my skin tone -RRB- . This may be due to he fact that I look better in makeups with slightly yellowish undertones -LRB- like MAC -RRB- and the bare minerals foundations tend to have a beigy/pink undertone . Additionally , it exaggerated any unusual surface irregularities -LRB- like the slight depressions under my eyes -RRB- . Again , this is due to the reflective properties of the makeup.After a few hours the shine was already breaking through and DONT BE MISLEAD by the infommercial - this product DOES rub off . It 'll rub off on clothes , on your hand even on the nose pads of your sunglasses.I would recommend this product only to women with very dry , smooth skin with few imperfections . -LRB- Like there are very many women like that out there -RRB- . I would NOT recommend this product if you have even slightly combination/oily skin . It will exacerbate the shiny effect .
 Its covers the blemishes well unfortunately it highlights all of the fine lines . Not exactly what I wanted it to do . Bare Minerals Multi Tasking seems to work much better
 I started using this product winter of 2009 . In early 2010 I noticed my skin had these tiny little plugs/bumps which looked horrible and made me very self-conscious . I had facial peels and an appointment with a dermatologist -LRB- which was useless -RRB- and tried various products and home remedies to try to clear up my skin . I finally did a search on google over this last weekend about complaints people had with Bare Escentuals and found the culprit
 I bought this thinking that it had natural ingredients and that it would be good for your skin , little did I know I was very wrong . When I got this product I thought it look very nice on but it had horrible side effects it made my face really itchy and breakout with cystic acne in hard to cover areas . I had never had acne growing up , yeah an occasional zit like every 6 months or so , since I have been using this product I 've had the worst acne ever . I have tried everything to try to get rid of the acne , everything from proactive , scrubs , acne creams and gels from my doctor , but nothing works . Worst of all I 'm starting to get scars from having the acne . This product contains an ingredient called Bismuth Oxychloride , Yes it is a a mineral , BUT - It is by-product of lead and copper . Since it is a heavy metal , it gets inside the skin pores and causes acne and such other skin disorders . Is this the type of mineral you want on your face ? If your really interested in a mineral cosmetic look at Mineral Hygienics . Mineral Hygienics only contains 4 ingredients . The Ingredients are
 I wanted this stuff to work so badly . No deal though . It looks so thick and made up - no matter how light an application . Also it looks shiny right away , which I detest . I have oily skin and when I blot my face later in the day , too much makeup comes off and it looks blotchy . Also , I am fair-skinned and the shades are too dark for me . Will not repurchase .
 Bare minerals destroyed my clear complexion . The stupid Bismuth Oxide totally made my face break out . I have cyst like acne in my chin as I type . I hate you Bare Minerals . Jump off a cliff and die .
 This product is the MATTE version of BareMinerals Foundation and is a totally different color than the original Fairly Light ... a bit confusing . . this one has way more yellow and did not match my skin tone .
 First of all the reason I had bought this thing is because the lady who does facial for me told me that this product is supposedly the greatest . I have tried a lot of make up from drugstore brand to sheer cover , lancome , and MAC and I think would this is the least of my favorite . So , I went to Sephora yesterday to try it out and I got the set kit for starters , I was quite excited this morning to try it on . Of course , I did my usual regimen , wash my face , put my toner and my moisturizer . Well I put on the primer of BE and I could not understand why it smells so funky and the texture of it feels like a silicone of some sort and then I put on the concealer it almost seems like it did nothing to my face and followed by the powder minerals and the translucent . Not even 5 minutes my face started to look so cakey and I can see that my face was sweating and started to smudge . I was totally having a make up breakdown and was absolutely unhappy with the result . I had to patch it in with my MAC foundation to make it look a little bit even . I had try sheer cover which is also mineral and it 's a great make up and covers everything and the only problem with it is hard to order because you have to go online . I am definitely returning this BE I am sorry to say but I do n't think this make up is for me .
 Wrong shade for me . & I buy it for less other places . I do n't know what else to say but it wo n't submit without more words .
 I 've used Bare Escentuals products for years - foundation , warmth , glee , mineral veil and blush . It worked well and looked fabulous until I hit 60 . Now it sinks into lines and wrinkles and makes me look older . Hard to switch at this age and I 'm no makeup artist but tried several high definition liquid foundations - Chanel , Smashbox - and I looked considerably younger . Do n't know how true but they say powders make mature skin look older and I believe it . After 20 years hated to give it up but vanity won out and I now use liquid high definition foundation . It 's been a good run , Bare Escentuals/Minerals !
 I order bare minerals about 2 month ago . I bought the starter kit and it cost me a little over $ 60 . Two months later a new charge for bare minerals showed up in my bank account . I called bare mineral customer service and they told me that when I purchase the product on the 2nd page on the agreement it clearly states that you have to be a member to order the product and that a monthly fee is associated with it . This is ridiculous they put this on the second page almost toward the end so if you do n't finish reading the whole statement they can take your money . Please make sure that you read the whole statement.If there product is good why they have to scam people like this .
 I really like some of the products from this company . Their brushes are great , warmth is awesome , but I noticed that right after I bought my new foundation , my skin started breaking out . Like bad . I 've had a few pimples in my day but my forehead looks as if I just rubbed oil on it for a month straight . I ca n't say that it will make your face break out , but beware that it might . I 'm definitely going to stop using it and return to my older clinique foundation .
 I recently purchase the starter kit of Bare Essentials at a Large Beauty Store . I used it , then about on the 3rd . day my chin and cheeks broke out into pimple like welts and were very itchy . My skin rarely breaks out so this is something I was not used to at all . I have beautiful skin to start with and thought this would be a nice natural way to do my make-up . I ca n't stand this product . The worst I have ever used . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 Although I love Bare Minerals . I received an older container ; not the click-lock-go container as advertized . I must say this must be an older product and it goes on that way . Be careful and if you do not receive the click-lock-go then send it back .
 thought I ordered Medium beige , but was sent Medium . I still love bareMinerals makeup , this color just a little too light
 I LOVE Bare Minerals Original Foundation and give it 5 stars . . I am rating this with 1 star because I believe it is a knock off or a fake . I 'd actually give it 0 stars if that was an option . I have been using Bare Minerals Original Foundation Medium Beige for nearly seven years now ... What I received is NOT the original foundation . What I received is more like a tinted mineral veil . It has a shimmer to it which the original foundation is not supposed to have . The coverage was not that of the original foundation but more of the mineral veil . Be careful who you buy from . Before I bought this from this seller , I always got it from Sephora . Lesson learned ! I will never order from anywhere else again .
 Packaging is correct , but I 'm not sure that it 's the same make up . It 's very fine and is n't providing as much coverage as the same purchase at Bare Escentuals or Sephora . Will order from Amazon but not from this makeup supplier again .
 This makeup does n't seem to be the same as real bareMinerals makeup . It just seems like a bareMinerals container was filled with cheap tinted powder , it does n't have any coverage , and did not seem to have the same consistency as real bareMinerals makeup .
 This product is not the same as it used to be . Does n't cover well at all and I do n't have much to cover up . Just is not worth the money anymore .
 I have used Bare Minerals for 7 years and had no issues . I started using this from Amazon on Sunday and was not happy with it . The foundation does not cover as it has previously and the color is off . I supposedly received the correct color . I bought another foundation from Sephora yesterday and will compare the two . I will not buy from Amazon again due to this past experience.UPDATE - I received my foundation from Sephore and IT WAS EXACTLY AS EXPECTED . The foundation covered exactly how it and how I expected . I will NEVER buy Bare Minerals from Amazon due to this experience . It is a shame that the quality of the foundation can not be guaranteed . Since it was fulfilled by Amazon , I thought there would be no quality issues .
 I ordered this thinking I was getting a good deal on bare minerals foundation that usually costs $ 27 in stores . When it arrived , the color did n't look quite right and it did n't cover very well . And after using it for a few weeks , my skin was blotchy and was constantly breaking out . I started wondering if i was using real bare minerals because in my 3 years of using it , i had never experienced this problem . Then this weekend I went to sephora and bought the bare minerals there to see if it did the same thing . After one use I realized that what I had bought from amazon was either not the real thing or something that was mispackaged . Maybe this supplier has worked for you , but my recommendation is just to bite the bullet and pay a little bit more at sephora or ulta . Otherwise , this cheap bare minerals gets a lot more expensive when you have to spend $ 30 on the real thing .
 I have used bareminerals for years . This makeup was not real bareminerals . It made me break out , it did n't cover at all . I pretty much think this was baby powder with coloring . Not real at all .
 Hi , I bought first start kit of Bare Minerals in Aug 2008 . Every time I put Bare Minerals makeup on , I sneeze , eventually tension headaches and stuffy nose . I had documented time/date with Bare Minerals makeup ... on/off like the switch . When I do n't wear Bare Minerals , no tension headaches ... use other makeup , nothing . On/off for 4 years till I learned more and more women come forward complaining about the side effects wearing BM makeup . I learned Dr.Oz said mineral loosen powder are not good for our lungs . I researched on them for few weeks and realized BM is not good . When I dumped total 8 of containers of BM makeup . I saw how much powders in and fly all over the air in small bathroom . Oh lordy , I put 8 plastic containers away in the recycle bin and trash powders . I 'm back to liquid or tinted cream and no more loosen powders of any kind anymore . No tension headaches , no sneezing , no stuffy nose , no sinus aches , no eye dryness , all are gone and I am happy using Neutrogena and Almay makeups now .
 Arrived very quickly , however , this is nothing like the product that I usually buy at the Bare Essentuals Store . It was powdery with no coverage and tons of sparkles . Maybe it is an old version of the product or fake ? Will only be purchasing in store from now on .
 I received this item today and am very disappointed that it 's advertised as containing `` 9 '' grams but , in fact , is only `` 8 . '' bareMinerals is a great product and I 've used it for many years ... thought this was a good price but not so much .
 First off , I am 26 . I have pimples and I have big pores , no wrinkles , and a jawline that ca n't handle even slightly perfumed cleanser , yet my reddest pimples are there . I was in heaven when I got the original foundation . I could n't find an exact color match , -LRB- which they recently released ! -RRB- but dusted on very , very lightly you can make your pimples a shade lighter . I would not recommend piling on on any of these products , this one included , especially if you 're anything like me.But for the part of my skin that shines , I decided this would be great ! I mean , it does n't have that shimmer like the original , something my t-zone does n't need . Well , disaster . It makes imperfections look worse , even with a light dusting , does n't really combat oil if you have a problem with it , and inflamed pretty much everywhere on my sensitive skin where the original did not . Be careful with this , and test it on a small part of your face at an Ulta salon . It 's free , and you can see if you 'll have a reaction -- this is true for all of these products . It 's worth the trip.I would n't buy this again , and would not recommend it to anyone with any skin problems , and suspect it may give problems to many who have good skin . However , in spite of my low rating I would n't say you should just give up . Some of those 5 star reviews may end up being you , if it works .
 I was so excited to find a makeup that would cover completely without breaking me out . I do n't have oily skin , but most makeups give me the occassional breakout anyway . This makeup did n't cover half as well as I had hoped . In fact , I 've bought wet 'n wild makeup that has done better . To top it off , the breakouts came anyway .
 I have tried mineral makeup on several occasions . When it first came out years ago , and just recently . I should have learned from the first time . I tossed it . I can see where woman who do n't wear makeup would like it - it looks like you have nothing on . It does n't feel that way , however . My pores felt smothered . If you want the no-makeup look - why bother spending the money . Go au-natural ! Another thing I did not like was the mess of the fine particals . Is anyone concernced about nanoparticles in the lungs !? I do n't want to breath this stuff in every morning .
 This powder foundation is quite messy to apply and makes your face have a shiny and luminescent look.Not good because it emphasizes pores and wrinkles . I do give it 2 stars for being lightweight with SPF coverage.I will not purchase this powder again .
 This powder was just a disaster for me . It made my face very itchy , and gave me the absolute worst breakouts of my life . I still have the scars from them , two years later . I would n't recommend this product , especially to anyone with sensitive skin .
 The real make-up is great but unfortunately there are 3rd party sellers on Amazon selling a counterfeit product . It is almost impossible to tell from the packaging that the product is a fake . If you have been using the makeup for a while , you will notice poorer coverage and skin irritation . I took my make up to a Sephora counter and they confirmed the product does not match their product . The only way you can differentiate the packaging is the real makeup has a number code engraved on the back . There is no color to it and it is hard to see unless you hold it up in the light . The counterfeit product I got does not have that engraved number . I will never buy makeup online again from unknown sellers . I assume if you are buying it from Amazon directly you are safe , but there is a good reason for the cheaper prices from 3rd party sellers . Lastly , if you are trying this makeup for the first time , make sure you get an authentic one , because you may get a fake and think it is not good makeup . The authentic product is excellent but the fake is not very good . The seller I got mine from is highly rated name `` Always Beautiful '' The high ratings obviously do not mean much .
 My first order of this was with bareMinerals . When I needed more I thought I would save some money and purchase this one instead of going through the company . It is definitely NOT the same as what I received from bareMinerals ! The coverage was terrible , weird shade and it irritated my skin . Spend the extra money and purchase through bareMinerals .
 I used the full line for the past 3-4 yrs . I loved it at first then began having problems with runny , irritated eyes . I was told by a professional that the foundation causes respiratory problems and eye irritation . I stopped using the foundation 2 months ago but continued to use the eye shadows . My eye symptoms were reduced but did not go away completely.Last weak I had a routine eye exam and reported a decline in my vision . After examining my eyes , my Dr asked if I wear Bare Minerals makeup . I was shocked that she knew my make up brand by an eye exam . The Dr went on to inform me that the lining of my eyes and tear ducts were coated with the makeup which is not only unhealthy but was causing some vision problems as well , this is common with Bare Minerals . I spoke with my esthitician who said she is no longer recommending or selling Bare Minerals due to these known issues . I do not have sensitive skin .
 Not the same coverage quality as identical product purchased in the past . I would not purchase this in the future .
 NOT REAL ! I still had powder left from the real Bare Escentuals -LRB- tried to get it cheaper ... -RRB- and this is not the same . One , its darker . Two , made me break out . Three , does not go on or blend like the real one . Four , clumpy and sticky - does not come out easily . BUYER BEWARE !
 I kept hearing alot about the bare minerals make up so i decided to give it a try . It was ok at first . It went on well but the more i put it on the more i noticed it started to look cakey . So i switched to the matte and nothing really improved . It never stays on my face the whole day whether it hot or cold outside . Recently i did more research on it and discovered it has the perservatives and toxins in it that it claims to not have . I wanted a mineral make up that actually lives up to what it claims not what you want to hear and thats all bare minerals is . False advertising ! If you are considering getting this product i wouldnt recommend it . I found another make up thats completely organic and have read nothing but good things about . I has all natural stuff not just what you want to hear and is 50 % cheaper than bare minerals . Its called Faerie Organic Mineral Makeup . I would suggest looking at that before bare minerals . They come with starter kits for only $ 5.99 so you can test it before you buy it !
 The Bare Escentuals products do n't work for me . Yes , the makeup stayed on all day but was cakey and it felt like it was a pore clogger . I did n't like the way it is dispensed , makes a mess when transferred to the cap and whirled around . Also , it is very expensive . MAC products are by far better .
 I was very dissatisfied with this product . It made my pores appear larger than normal and it was too pink . I will never buy make-up online again .
 I let a coworker talk me into trying Bare Escentuals . In theory I like it -- I do n't like applying heavy , oily feeling foundations to my face so the thought of a powder was intriguing . I found it covered well , but no matter what color or tint I used , it made my skin color look off . The sales person said this sometimes happens and suggested I try a similar mineral foundation from another company which worked much better with my skin tones . What I found hard to believe though was that none of their hues that matched my skin tone managed to look natural .
 I really do n't understand what all the fuss is about this make-up . Using it with the concealer brush seems to cause the powder to cake up in creases like around your nose and under eyes throughout the day , which is gross . Also , it seemed to make my face oily by the end of the day rather than keep me from getting shiny like it 's supposed to . It 's also supposed to have staying power -LRB- does n't come off in water ?? -RRB- , but I found it does not stay on very well when you 're working out rigorously , so I ended up removing before going to the gym . All in all , I 'm totally disappointed and am sorry I spent the money on the kit . I 'll stick to traditional concealer and pressed powder , which looks much more natural than this product .
 So I was excited to order this and I had chosed the light color lightest one because I 'm pale and the I get it and it looks so dark ! Did n't work out looked pretty gross
 This make - up is terrible ! When you first put it on it looks great . Very natural and light . However , give it 2 hours and you will be very disappointed . It faded completely away and I looked awful . It makes a big mess when you put it on , fades after 2 hours , totally not worth it .
 I know I may be tarred and feathered for saying this considering the reviews for this product , but I really hated this stuff . Out of all the foundations I have used in my life -LRB- revlon , lancome , avon , prescriptives , bobbi brown -RRB- this is , in my opinion , by far the worst for oily skin I have ever used ... and many of the others are n't so great either so that 's really saying something . Its possible that if your skin is either dry or combination this foundation will work . My skin is very oily . In about 30 mins after applying this foundation , my skin looked drab and patchy . It looked like I had powder caked on my skin and it felt awful . Applying more of the foundation just made it worse ... and after wearing this stuff for a whole day my skin looked like someone had splashed water and oil on my face -LRB- lol -RRB- . I was so displeased that I gave it away . Apparently , this makeup works for many many people and feels and looks great . It did not work well for me and it is an expensive product . I guess one never knows until one tries ...
 I got suckered in . I admit it . I 'm not usually one to fall for hype , but the infomercials are very convincing , and makeup is my weakness . I was intrigued by the idea of being able to wear very light makeup while still covering my imperfections . I hate heavy makeup , but I have rosacea , large pores , and fine lines -LRB- I 'm 31 -RRB- , and my skin is sensitive . I 'm also very pale , and I have a lot of trouble finding foundation that stays true without turning me yellow or pink . When I found a kit at Ulta , I got excited and bought it . I thought this stuff was the answer to all of my troubles.Wrong!My kit -LRB- pale -RRB- had two colors of foundation
 I wanted to buy a foundation that was really light , because most foundations feel too much on my face . I went to Sephora , did n't buy the kit since I 'm in between fair and fairly light , went home , tried it on for a few days and suddenly I broke out into an allergic reaction !! I had a hives like rash all over my face , and it burned and itched something fierce . I took Benadryl that night , attritubted it to a makeup removed I 'd been using . My face was fine the next morning , put more on ... got home really late and fell asleep in it . Sure enough , by the time I woke up , my face was covered in a rash again , and I had to keep taking benadryl to keep it down -LRB- not great since I get so drowsy from it ... luckily it 's a weekend and I could sleep through it -RRB- . I revamped my entire cleansing product collection , buying products for sensitive skin , and it still did n't go away . I ended up buying Aveeno Hydrocortisone Cream and headed back to Sephora to return everything I 'd recently bought . My skin is only now starting to feel a bit better -LRB- still feels kind of raw , burning a bit -RRB- . I normally do n't have very sensitive skin , except the fact that I 'm generally chemically sensitive ... but makeup had NEVER caused this problem before ! BUYER BEWARE ! It may work well for most people , but try out for a few days , if you have a rash , it 's probably the foundation !! Apparently Bismuth Oxychloride is causing quite a few problems in a decent percentage of the people who use it in makeup .
 When I applied this makeup , I loved it ! I have very clear skin and after I put it on my skin looked soft and pretty . My job involves a lot of running around and I sweat , but when I had the bare minerals on it was so light weight and breathable . It doesnt completely cover all my blemishes though , I had to use an additional concealer for them . I used it for about a week and I started to notice my skin getting red . Then I broke out HORRIBLY ... I had huge cysts like pimples that I have never got before ! It was all along my jaw line and my chin . I did n't realize with was the makeup that was making my face breakout until about 3 weeks later I finally stopped using it . It took awhile for my face to get back to normal . Now I use Clinque , it doesnt make my face breakout . A lot of people had great results with this product but I believe it all depends on your skin type ! I didnt know my skin was so sensitve because I never had problems with it before !
 I was about 44 when I purchased the kit . It was such a huge disappointment for me , I put it on eBay after using it a few times . This accentuated all the fine lines that come with age . It 's very drying even if you use a good moisturizer . While it may be great for younger women , in my opinion , and those of others my age who I have talked to , it 's not a great foundation for the 40 and older crowd in general.Just this year a local TV talk show had a makeup artist on who discussing foundations . She advised that mineral foundations generally do not look good on older skin and advised against them.I did try two other brands , and found the same problem with each one . Besides that I find them too messy anyway . I hated dealing with all that loose powder . It always ended up with me having to clean my vanity after use.Not sure if this is true or not so do not hold me to this . I was told by a BE competitor that their minerals used to be pure but are not anymore . Like I said I have no personal knowlege of this . Just repeating what this person told me . Take it with a grain of salt as this is a competing company after all .
 I did a lot of research on mineral make-up . I was looking for a solution that would be fast so that I could look half decent when I drop the kids off at school in the mornings ! AFter looking at different companies , products , and infomercials - I decided on bareMinerals because they had a range of colors -LRB- I 'm african american -RRB- and because they had longevity and credibility in the marketplace.I was color matched and then had the make up applied . It looked nice , but not as nice as other make up I have tried . I think it looked a little grey and she tried a variety of the colors that they offered - but it was good enough for me to consider buying the starter kit and play around with it at home.As I walked the mall with my new purchase , my skin began to itch . And itch . And itch ! Twenty minutes later I went back and the sales woman asked me if I was allergic to sunscreen . Uh - no . I answered . She told me to go home and try it with my moisturizer at home - I agreed since there was a 30 day return policy.I could n't wait to go home and wash it off . I did n't bother trying it again - I returned the kit and got a refund . Afterwards , I did a little internet research and found that I was n't the only one with that reaction to the product . Supposedly because bareMinerals has an ingredient -LRB- bismuth oxalate -RRB- in it which can be irritating to lots of folks . Wish I read that earlier!THere are mineral make up lines that do NOT have this ingredient , but they did not have a lot of color options - so I just scrapped the whole idea and decided to stick with my laura mercier tinted foundation .
 I 've been using this product for a long time . I believe this product is not authentic . I can tell by how it covers my skin , by how much I have to use , and by it 's consistency .
 I have been using this product for many years , but what I received was in no way the same product . It did not cover as well or last as long . Perhaps it was a fake . I will not order it again .
 I used this product for about 2 years . I regret it . It wears off in 2 hours and gives me a strange yellow cast to my skin . Since it wears off so fast I was buying very often which became pricey . I LOVE my $ 12 foundation from Physicians Formula that is mineral based , does not irritate my skin , and last ALL day ! Not to mention it 's more convenient as I do n't have to order it on the internet or go to the special store like I do with bareminerals . Get over the hype . Use what really works !
 I was terribly disappointed . I bought this after seeing it on QVC . The `` dark '' and `` deep '' colors look great in the jar , but look white and shiny on the skin.The only thing halfway decent is the mineral veil as a light powder over my regular foundation . It is very sheer and absorbs the shine .
 I DID NOT like this make up at all . It made my skin tone look orange - I used the lightest shade available because I am fair skinned but it still turned orange on me ! It also has a shiny glittery effect on the skin that I hate . I have to agree with some other reviews that it does not cover flaws well either and does not stay on well for lasting coverage . I will stick with my tried and true liquid brand that has pretty much always served me well . I only tried the starter kit because I had heard so much great hype for this product , however , I was greatly disappointed in the performance and look of this make up.This stuff just looked like `` glittery powder '' on my face and nothing more . As far as that make-up artist saying you needed `` good skin '' to use this product I am 44 and I have no wrinkles or bad spots on my face , no pimples or rough dry skin , etc. and it still looked terrible on me . I see a lot of people seem to think this make-up is `` all that , '' and I 'm glad it worked for them but I sure did n't like it . I 'll never use it or anything similar to it again . I would suggest going to Wal-Mart or your local drug store and purchasing a similar product by L'Oreal , Maybelline and several other make-up companies which now offer a similar product at half the price of this junk or less which I am told works just as well for those who like a `` loose powder '' type foundation .
 I purchased several Bare Minerals products over the past few months , and while I was actually using the eye shadows , I found that the fair foundation was too light , pink , and sheer , and the fairly light foundation was too dark and yellow . I recently mixed the foundations and was happier with the color and coverage result , but after wearing the foundation for two days , my skin , which is very sensitive and rosacea-ridden , became extremely irritated , red , swolen , etc. . I have worked very hard to keep my skin condition under control , so this reaction to a foundation that is marketed for people with problematic skin was a big let-down . The eye products were also making the skin underneath my eyebrows very dry , itchy , and flaky , but I did not attribute the results to the make-up until trying the foundation and seeing the reaction on my cheeks.I am disappointed in this product and the company 's failure to inform buyers about reactions to the bismuth oxychloride , which , I discovered after researching it , has no business being on anyone 's face , and it seems from these reviews that many people have had reactions to it . There are several companies offering mineral foundations that do not contain this irritant , and many of these companies also offer formaula/coverage options from sheerer to more moisturizing and opaque , and many of them also offer extremely inexpensive and sometimes free samples . I would recommend investing some time researching companies like Afterglow , Alima , Everyday , Aromaleigh , etc. , or you and your skin may regret it .
 I use Bare minerals for 3 years now , I really love it . I was thinking that was a really good deal on Amazon , but I can tell that is not the real bare minerals!Bad coverage , even I try to put more on my face , the result is not uniform at all and looks like I do n't have any make up on my face . I am very disappointed . I do n't recommend to buy it .
 I received my Bare Minerals foundation in the mail expecting it to be the same color I 've used for years . This was unfortunately not what I received . As soon as I opened the package I realized the product was not sealed . There was make up everywhere in the box and around the container itself . It was all scratched and banged up as if it had been rolling around in someone 's make up drawer . Not to mention , it was not Bare Minerals Light , it had a very obvious sparkle in it which I 've never had in my Bare Minerals original foundation before . I sent it back immediately .
 First off , I am not a sensitive skinned person . Having heard abour bare minerals , I was curious to try it . I had read some bad reviews from people , saying that they had got really bad acne from this product and in my case , this also happened . Not only that , I did n't really see a difference in my skin as far as coverage goes , I just got kind of glowy which is not what I want . Regarding acne , after the first day I started getting painful little pimples which freaked me out so I stopped using the foundation and the mineral veil . After I healed , I waited a while and tried again and once again I got the tiny pimples . I had to give myself deap cleansing facials for a couple of days to get back to my regular self . I tried again a couple of days ago and that was it , I have had it , this product is garbage . I do n't know what the deal is with this thing or how it manages to get so many good reviews . There are a lot of good products on amazon which not many people bother to review , why do 300 people review bare minerals so well ? Its sort of suspicious and it makes me wonder if people from the company get on here on several accounts and spend their time writting up these reviews to impress potential customers . My advice is , test it first , even if you think you do n't have sensitive skin . I seriously wasted my money on this .
 I really wanted to like this product ... but I did not . It is expensive , and it settled in my fine lines , making me look older than I do without make up at all . The `` concealer '' did n't conceal anything . It says it 's not a powder , and feel more creamy , but it just felt like powder to me , and I felt like I had to put too much on to try and get any coverage at all . Then it just looked like I had too much make up on . I would advise anyone that wants to try it , to go to a Bare Escentuals store , or Sephora , wherever ... and try it before buying it .
 I loved this product at first
 The bareMinerals does not cover . It works great as long as you have foundation beneath it . But as a fair skinned person , there is almost zero coverage . However , it does help the foundation you have on look fresh all day .
 I too got sucked in by this overly-advertised product . While it did reduce the appearance of large pores , it irritated my sensitive skin which itched like crazy . Also , this product seems to make my oily skin appear extremely oily even with the mineral veil applied over it . The concept of mineral makeup is wonderful but perhaps this product needs more refinement .
 With shipping & tax , this purchase topped out over $ 30 . I assumed it would be a full size version of the powder tin as you would see in the stores - it is n't . It is like a little tester version , maybe 1/3 the size I was expecting - steer clear , this product ca n't sell on the counter at the price they charge , so they are selling it over the web ...
 If you have sensitive skin , BEWARE ! This product gave me dermatitis after using it , and it took me weeks to get rid of it ! My skin is extremely sensitive and so many people swore by it but I will never use any Bare Escentuals product again . If I had to keep one thing from what I bought , it would be the Mineral Veil -LRB- due to the reflective properties -RRB- . I 've had a much better experience with GLOMinerals and did n't experience any of the irrtation that I did with Bare Minerals . I will never buy this product or any Bare Escentuals product again . Unlike the very long infomercials , this product is NOT PERFECT FOR EVERYONE and can cause irritation .
 I really wanted this product to work for me , especially after reading all the wonderful reviews from other people . After having tried it , I have to agree with whoever it was that wrote it seems to work best to enhance the skin of people that do n't struggle with pore size , fine lines or wrinkles . The product truly settled into each and every pore and line on my face , enhancing every flaw I was trying to minimize . I was disappointed with the coverage as well . All it seemed to do was make my larger pores stand out . It looked very `` cakey '' , as well.I tried the original versus the matte version for a more dewy look , as that 's what the girl in the store recommended , and tried to control my oily T-zone with the mineral veil pressed powder . The extra powder only served to add to the `` cakiness '' and did n't help with the shine.I also tried the primer as a base layer to help minimize the look of my pores . In the end , it did n't help.I would have to say that this product would work really well for women that already have amazing looking skin .
 I 've seen this recommended before , but it did n't work for me . After a few hours , it cakes oddly on top of your skin , so that it looks like a film is floating on your face . Not a good look . Maybe my skin is too oily for this .
 Not like any other bare escentuals I have ever had . Not sure it is the real this . Very unhappy !!!!! Think they put something else in the container or it is old . The coverage is not the same .
 I 've used this for 2 months now , and I have to say I 'm not impressed . I have to apply more than suggested to get medium coverage , and by mid-day . . its like it has washed off and I have no makeup on , and I have to re-apply ! It also has a very shiny sheen look to it , which is okay in person , but I spend most of my day in front of cameras and it makes my face appear oily as if theres no makeup . I do n't recommend .
 I absolutely love bareminerals , but I do n't really like the price so I was trying to find it cheaper then $ 25 . I had about a week of foundation left so I went ahead and ordered the Medium shade from Flawless Beauty and they sent me Warm Tan - not even close ! I had to ship it back and wait for them to receive the returned item before they would ship a new one . Long story short , I ran out of this foundation and had to go buy it at Sephora anyway . They did finally send the correct product but it was a hassel - I 'd much rather pay the extra $ 5 then order from this company again .
 I 've been a Bare Escentuals BareMinerals user for about a decade . I usually buy direct , either from the store or online through the store 's website . The last time I was out , I decided to check Amazon and ended up buying this . Unfortunately , the product I received through Amazon did not have the right consistency nor the right coverage that I 've come to expect of the real BareMinerals.Recently , the real Bare Escentuals had a no shipping fee special so I ordered a container direct from them to compare . Right away , I became even more suspicious of the Amazon sold makeup . There are subtle marking differences between the two containers ; the kinds of things you might expect a counterfeiter to get wrong . Also , when I shook out the two out side by side , the makeup in the Amazon container is significantly drier and lighter.If this is not the real BareMinerals , and truthfully I do n't think it is , then I worry about what I was putting on my face for those few weeks . : - -LRB- Caveat emptor . If you want the real BareMinerals , I suggest buying direct from Bare Escentuals or via one of their stores . If you want a fake , your local drugstore has several knock-off mineral brands that are properly labeled -LRB- and even cheaper -RRB- .
 I was happy to receive it as I was out and needed to take some along on vacation only to find out the wrong color was sent and it did not work with my complextion . I did n't look at it closely upon receiving it as I took for granted that the right color was sent , thus throwing out all of the packaging it came with so I was unable to return it.Next time , I will be sure to look closely to make sure the correct color was sent . Only for that reason ... I was dissappointed .
 This product was shipped quickly , however it does not contain the new Bare Minerals sifter design . There are only holes that are always open on this product , which is disappointing because it says it is the new click , lock and go sifter .
 It was n't the same makeup that I get from Bare Escentuals . It was the same packaging I think but the makeup was very different .
 In a nutshell , Bare Minerals did indeed provide good coverage , but the color of the foundation -LRB- fair -RRB- was very flat on my skin . It did n't provide that glow that I had expected , but instead a dull , flat color . The bronzer only made my skin look unnatural with my fair complexion . I have combination skin , and I also found that even after a couple hours of wearing Bare Minerals , it became cakey in my most oily spots , and built up in the creases of my nose . The makers of Bare Minerals say `` It 's so light you can sleep in it . '' Well I would n't recommend sleeping with this product on your face . YOU WILL BREAK OUT . Overall . . I would n't recommend paying $ 25 + for this product .
 At first I loved bareminerals and pur minerals . But after only a few hours My face feels so gross and oily . It feels very heavy on my skin . I ca n't wait to get home and take it off everyday . That is not how you should feel about your makeup . I switched to Neutrogena 's mineral makeup and so far love it . It is missing 2 ingredients that the other mineral makeups have and I think that is what makes the difference . It 's light and covers well . The only thing is the lady at Ulta told me to get a light concealer then the foundation , well that was wrong , I looked like a ghost . I am getting the same color today .
 I ordered a starter kit to try the products , and while I thought they were fine , imagine my surprise when 6 weeks later $ 50 was deducted from my bank account . I emailed customer service and was told that I had joined a regular service , and if I wanted to stop it , I had to go into their website . I have been trying for days to get into the account information unsuccessfully . It says my password is wrong and will not email me the password . I have emailed and called customer service over a dozen times without any assisstance whatsoever.Do not buy this product over the internet . You will regret it . Buy it from a store where they can not rope you in forever .
 I spent a lot of money on my Bare Minerals and have used it for several years . I started Bare Escntuals after several months of having my daughter and breaking out big time with my current foundation ! Funny , because I never broke out with my old foundation . It definitely helped with the level of degree of my acne . As 2-3 years went by and my face calmed down -LRB- I guess hormones were finally getting back to normal -RRB- . I could n't help but notice that I kept getting white heads and sometimes redness on my face . I started suspecting that it was my Bare Ecentuals , but refused to change since I spent so much on it and saw how it helped me when I had bad acne . But , my suspicions turned out to be true when I got strep throat and stayed home without any makeup for a week . This never happens ... as I needed my bareMinerals to cover up my white heads and blotchiness . Guess what ! My bumps and white heads went away and so did my blotchiness ! After research , I found out that Bismuth Oxychloride , which is found in the Bare Escentuals foundation , can cause allergic reactions to those with sensitive skin . I 'm just so bummed that it took me this long to find out and now am on the hunt for a new foundation.However , if you do not have sensitive skin , this is a great line that is natural looking and has excellent coverage ! I also love all the all over face colors and bronzer ! Sigh ... got to find replacements for these too ! The bronzer was the seriously the best I ever came across !
 I used this product for about 4 months until I took a good hard look at myself in a different light one day - I realized the color was SO wrong ! I started blending the pinkish color with the orange-ish color and it worked okay , but what a pain , and the reality is that is accentuated my fine lines . What I hated most
 I have watched the commercials on TV for a few years but I could never bring myself to spend $ 40 on foundation , however , as I have aged and my skin has become more of a problem I decided to give it a shot . I ordered the beginners kit and was so excited to try it when it came . I am so glad I tried it in the evening when I had no plans to go anywhere or had to be at work . I have a mild case of Rosacea so of course I expected Bare Minerals to cover it up , I mean look at the commercials for it , according to them Bare Minerals seems to cover anything ! I applied it just like I was instructed to do and it did nothing , I might as well of put baby powder on my face , although the baby powder would have been better since about 3 minutes after putting Bare Minerals on my face started to burn and itch ! I washed my face and I was left with a rash that lasted until morning . I should have known better than to think a makeup could give you the `` airbrushed '' finish like Bare Minerals claims . I would have rather spent my money on a $ 10 foundation from the drug store . Do n't waste your money ladies , it 's not worth it !
 I have tried to like this foundation . I understand that many women love this stuff . I find that is is caky on my skin . Also the color is not quite right . They seem to think their fair shade fits all fair skin gals and it just does n't . In certain lights it looks blotchy and yellow on my skin .
 I was interested in trying the Bare Escentuals products after I went with my roommate for a consultation . I bought a number of products because I LOVED the way my skin looked in the store . It evened out the scars left behind from acne and just made my skin look fresh . However , after using this product for about a week , I developed red bumps in the area near my lower lip and chin . I went to the dermatologist and turns out that the Bare Escentuals products were to blame . My doc prescribed two topical medications and the dermatitis went away . I have n't tried the product since then , but do n't think that I will given what happened last time and the reviews of others with sensitive skin . A lot of my friends and coworkers use this product and I always admire the flawlessness of their skin , but it just does n't work for me.The best substitute I have found is the Super Moisture Liquid Foundation by Clinique . I hate that its a liquid but it works for me . It does n't irritate my dry , sensitive skin and gives it a similar look to Bare Escentuals .
 I have very sensitive skin , so much so that I can only use certain facial cleansers and lotions , otherwise I breakout . I ca n't touch my face -LRB- or my bf , which he does not like -RRB- or I will certainly have a zit . After years and years of struggling , I finally felt like I had decent skin and my problem was under control . Surprisingly I have always been able to use cheap liquid foundation without a problem , except for the fact that I look like I am wearing a mask . My mom has the same type of skin as me and she has been using Bare Minerals for a few years and loves it . I thought I would try it , as I was looking for a more natural appearance . The first day I loved it , even though my face felt itchy . The second day , still itchy . By the third day I developed a `` rash '' all over my face , including my eyelids . It is bumpy , pustule-like with some white heads . If I scratch the rash , it does break open and drain , drying crusty . My entire face is more red than it has ever been . I am so horrified . I am so picky about my face -LRB- and I am a very attractive 24 year old -RRB- and this has just ruined it . I have not used the product for 2 days now and it definitely has not started to get better yet . I am about to go back to the store to return it , but wanted to check and see if anyone else has experienced this . I guess it is good to know that I am not the only one and the cause could be bismuth oxychloride . Be careful ! I am hoping this will clear up in time for Thanksgiving !
 People usually think I am 10 years or more younger than I am . However , with this make-up I actually look older than I am . I look great so long as I do n't have any facial expressions . And it is not that I am wearing too much . I have tried it at all different levels ... even just one thin layer -LRB- which did not cover much -RRB- . It absolutely does not cover age spots , I only have one , but it shows -LRB- no matter what really -RRB- . I do not have `` dry '' skin . I have normal with t-zone oily . Yet this make-up makes me appear to have dry skin . The top layer seems parched and dry and I swear , after 60 days , it looks as though I have MORE fine lines -LRB- i do n't have `` wrinkles yet '' just fine lines -RRB- . Well , I through out the box , I hope they will still take the product back . Oh , and they eyeshadow ... do n't buy it ... it is a complete waste of money !
 It was time to purchase some new make up and I had seen the infomercials regarding Bare Minerals . They mention that even sensitive skin benefits from this make up . I was so excited to test it out , and two weeks later , was horrified by the results . I have sensitive skin , but this make-up did n't affect me immediately . Slowly , I started seeing little bumps form on my forehead . Then the bumps spread everywhere on my face and I realized many of them were transforming into little white heads . I tried to extract them safely , but they have now become too much for me to handle . When I wash my face , I feel hundreds of tiny bumps under my skin . I have n't been using it for 3 days now , and I 'm hoping that my skin will return back to normal soon . I never had any of the itching like some of the others , but the break out has really affected my self esteem .
 I love minerals make up because it is light and you do not feel like you are wearing make up . I have light skin with golden undertones . I used Bare Minerals fairly light foundation.Bare Minerals goes on smooth and blends well and looks natural . Bare Minerals sits on top of your skin and makes your pores look bigger . Unlike the commercials claim you do not `` look as if you are not wearing make up '' in fact your look like you are wearing tons . It is a natural look but still a make up look.Frankly , there are better mineral foundations than bare minerals my favorite is E.L.F. -LRB- eyes lips & face -RRB- . It has a great mineral foundation which is better than the bare minerals foundations and a fraction of the price .
 I do n't recommend this makeup . I am a very youthful looking 32 -LRB- no `` fine lines '' yet -RRB- and this makeup made my skin look terrible . It 's too thick , to start with . I tried applying it with a brush and with a powder puff and neither worked well . It highlighted every small flaw and looked too thick and `` makeup-like '' . If you enjoy the look of wearing thick foundation , I guess this product would be good . It created an extra layer which creased as the day wore on , making it look like I had wrinkles where I normally do n't . Also , this makeup has a shiny look to it.As an alternative , I recommend one of the `` tinted moisturizer '' type products , which are just a light touch . If you have nice looking skin , but just want an added touch of radiance , this product wo n't be right for you . It 's better suited to the type of women who wear way too much makeup .
 I REALLY wanted to love this product . I have dry/sensitive skin and rosacea . I would pay any amount of money for a product that would cover the redness without irritating my skin . This product does provide good coverage once you master the application which I found to be messy . The brush sheds a lot and in spite of the swirl , tap , buff process a cloud of minerals was always kicked up which was not good for contact lense wearers . I resolved to close my eyes and carry on , however , because I thought this would be my miracle product . Unfortunately , it only accentuated my dryness which revealed lines I truly did not even know were there . It made my pores look enormous as well . Yes , it did look natural ... unfortunately that 's not a good look for me . If you have beautiful skin or even oily skin , you might like this product . It looked amazing on the sales woman . I think you have to try it for yourself to find out . I 'd buy it at a counter that accepts returns if it does n't work for you ! I will say , I love the eyebrow kit and lipgloss .
 I never liked using liquid foundation because it 's difficult for me to put on evenly and always left streaks . Someone recommended that I try Bare Minerals and I used it for a little over a year . I like that this product is so easy to use and it did start this Mineral craze ; however , it just does n't work well for me.I would say that I have a light/medium COOL skin color , so I have pink undertones . I was disappointed to find that none of Bare Minerals foundations are for women with pink undertones . Check their website for descriptions and you 'll see that their line is made up of foundations for golden and -LRB- a few -RRB- neutral undertones only . The closest foundation I could find was their Fairly Light foundation , which left my skin with an unnatural yellow tint . However , I kept using it because it was an easy alternative to liquid foundation.Another problem I had with Bare Minerals is the ` shimmer ' look that it has . I much rather use a foundation with a smooth matte finish , not one that , in certain light , looks like I put glitter on my face . It 's great if you like that look , but it just does n't look right on me . Also , the coverage did not last long , and I would have to reapply the foundation -LRB- which is n't convenient when using a mineral foundation -RRB- . Lately , I 've been searching for a better Mineral Foundation . Someone suggested the Alima Pure Mineral Makeup line and I purchased some samples from their website . I 've finally found a foundation that works well for my skin -LRB- pink undertones and all -RRB- and that has a nice matte finish . They have 60 shades so it would actually be hard not to find the right shade . So , if Bare Minerals works for you , that 's great . If it does n't , check out other mineral foundation lines that offer more choices . ** Warning -- there are several reviews about possible allergic reactions that can be caused by this product .
 I tested it first on the sensitive inner side of my upper arm after reading the bismuth oxide warning someone posted on this site , but did not have an adverse reaction , so I went ahead and tried it on my face . I was less than impressed . It evened out my skin tone somewhat but also did make my pores look larger . I do not think I will buy it again . I have had better results with drugstore brand foundations -LRB- such as L'Oreal 's True Match -RRB- and I do not think this is worth the price .
 I tried this product after I heard people raving about it and was not pleased at all . It made my skin look very shiny , even after I used the mineral veil . Also it accentuated every little line and pore . I thought it must be my application technique , but tried several times exactly as instruced , it just did not look good . Would not recommend this product to anyone over 35 ... -LRB- I am 42 -RRB-
 This foundation is obviously not for everyone . I will give it 2 stars for being natural minerals and the SPF , but as far as coverage goes , definately not on me . On TV these models look so perfect and flawless , well that is probably because their skin is flawless . For skin that is combination , an occasional breakout , dark circles , some redness and small to medium pores , this absolutely did nothing but excentuate the pores . Did n't even out skin tone , did n't cover redness , blemish , dark circles -LRB- and I even tried the summer bisque -RRB- . All this stuff did was escentuate my pores and make my face itch . There are much better mineral foundations out there . I understand it is suppose to be sheer coverage , but I expect my foundation to at least provide some coverage without making me look to cackey . I suggest if you have a store that carries BE around you , make a visit and try the makeup on first . But do not forget to go outdoors and look at yourself for true lighting .
 I bought this foundation at Ulta awhile back and I 'm NOT pleased with it . It does not cover blemishes or redness , and makes my pores look huge . I would NOT reccomend this to anyone with dry skin , as it it makes you look like a flaking beast . I tried Clinique 's Soft Finish foundation and am much happier .
 Itchy ! This face powder contains BISMUTH OXIDE , which is technically a mineral , but has no place in a face powder.It turns out that I am highly allergic to bismuth oxide , like many people . I could n't wash this product off my face fast enough ! Ouch ouch ouch ! There are other mineral powder products that do NOT contain this toxic mineral , and I 'll be trying them.Many of the glowing `` reviews '' on this page were very likely written by people who WORK FOR BARE ESCENTUALS . I used to work for a -LRB- non-cosmetic -RRB- company , and the manager had everyone in the company write gushing reviews of the products we sold on Amazon . Buyer Beware !
 I saw this in an infomercial about 2 years ago , and I was really excited . I ordered it right away . When I used this product , I got lots of pimples . It was disgusting ! I tried to give this product a benefit of the doubt , and I continued using it for a month . My skin got worse ! I was really disappointed . Everybody 's skin is different , and I just wish it worked for me as it did for everyone else .
 I wanted to like this product so much after reading all the glowing reviews here and on Makeup Alley ; however , bareMinerals is just that -- too bare for anyone who needs decent light to medium coverage.No complaints about the color match . No complaints really about the effect on skin quality or health -LRB- I did n't wear it long enough to notice breakouts or any other reactions -RRB- . The real complaint is that bareMinerals was too sheer and should not be recommended to women unless they have unwrinkled skin , teeny-tiny pores , and no blemishes or imperfections to cover.BareMinerals just did n't cut it for me although I 'm sure it works well for women with skin that 's good enough not to need foundation in the first place .
 I have used BareEssencials/BareMinerals for many years and I LOVE it , but , this definitely was not an official product . Did not cover anything . I could not even tell I put it on ... . I thought maybe the product was changed , but I recently bought it from Ulta like I usually did , and it 's like night and day !
 Are you going to expose your face to air ? Get ready for the oxidation of this product . Lovely look , I must say!Got oily skin ? Or a nose that gets a little shiny later in the day or in warmer weather ? Get ready for a disgusting meltdown . As this `` powder '' combines with your natural oils it turns into a liquid foundation -LRB- This product is exactly that , minus the liquid . It contains much of the same ingredients liquid foundations use to color their products . -RRB- Do n't believe me ? Take a look at the ingredients for yourself.Main ingredient of Bare Ecentuals
 I had a makeover done at the Bare Escentuals store in the mall . The sales person told me the makeup was all natural and safe for all skin types . I have rosascea and she assured me the product would not hurt my skin . I also have medium sized pores -LRB- hidden with other makeups -RRB- and very oily skin . So , the makeover was done . I have to say I was not impressed with the overall look . It sank into my pores and made them look huge . I also looked pale and plastic-like . I did not buy the product . Decided to go home and see how it looked as the day went on . It just became a cakey mess on my oily skin . When I began to sweat the makeup started to burn and sting my face . So I washed it off . Later I noticed splotchy red welts and whiteheads over my nose , cheeks and forehead . I later found out the culprit may be bismuth oxychloride , a product that many people are allergic to . This is also what gave me that plastic look . I am very glad that I tried it out before buying it . I would recommend that anyone who was interested in this product to go to Bare Escentuals store or Sephora and test it out first . Wear it home , sweat in it , whatever . I 'm sure the product works for lots of people but not me . If you have sensitive skin or rosascea I believe you should think twice about using any product with bismuth oxychloride in it .
 I have pretty dry skin , so finding a foundation that works is hard . After this sets down on my skin , it looks very cakey and makeupy , the girl that sold it to me claims that it hydrates , but it does not hydrate enough and I truthfully do n't know how much it could really hydrate for something that is in powder base . This is a nice product , for people who have oily/normal/combo skin , would not recommend for ladies with drier faces .
 It seems like this product is diluted . I usually get my bareminerals from sephora but decided to try this - never again .
 I purchased BareMinerals foundation because I was intrigued about all the good things people have said about it . I have dark circles and acne problems that are hard to cover , so I am always willing to try make-up that says it provides good coverage without looking heavy . As soon as I put BareMinerals on , my face started feeling tight and cakey . It was hard to tell where I had put in on already because the coverage is so poor . This foundation does not cover at all like it says it does . It did make my skin look fresh and healthy , but the acne showing through kinda ruined the effect . I would recommend this product to someone who has nothing to cover up , but then why bother wearing foundation at all ?
 I 've never put a product on my face that instantly added 20 years to the look . Suddenly I had lines and wrinkles that I never saw before . All the moisture was sucked out of my face pulling it taut . Horrible ! I even tried several different shades and colors . All of them did the same thing . Who are these people trying to kid ?
 1 star for the warmth powder . If you 're fair skinned and want to look slightly bronzed the warmth powder is good , but you have to apply it very lightly . The rest of it , like some others have already mentioned , does n't necessarily live up to the infomercial 's claims . I realize now that I should 've gotten the primer lotion to use with it . But how great can it be if you have to buy more stuff in order to make it look right ? The best foundation I 've tried is by Bobbi Brown .
 I absolutely loved how BE looked at a minimal coverage level , but that , for me , was the only positive . -LRB- 1 -RRB- It does not last -- with or without a primer . I believe that due to infomercials and unhonest selling techniques , we just assume it does and think it 's there even when it 's not since it 's so `` sheer . '' -LRB- 2 -RRB- It 's not sheer and it does look like you 're wearing a powder makeup . You 're not fooling anyone except yourself while wearing it . I , however , did not wear full coverage , so it gave my face a glow as if I had used a powder highlighter -- and I liked that . Full coverage looks hideous . -LRB- 3 -RRB- I have sensitive skin and I had an extremely itchy , burning , tightness of the skin allergic reaction to this product . It has taken a week to leave my system and caused my face to turn bright red and peel as if I had sunburn . The negatives definitely outweight the positives for me . Beware for those with sensitive skin !
 Applied sparingly this does look nice and photographs well but some component of the powder made me itch and burn and resulted in some very painful contact dermatitis/acne that took a week to clear . In fact some of the fallout from my use of this product left scarring . I do not recommend . Look around on make-up review sites and see for yourself . My story is repeated over and over by other women who wasted money on this product . This stuff is very , very irritating and applied heavily it does not look natural or good . For being photographed maybe . Otherwise little to no make up or a quality tinted moisturizer with SPF is the way to go . BareMinerals claims are too good to be true and they are not worth the potential havoc for your skin .
 I imagine that like many women I fell victim to the `` pure and natural minerals '' hype along with so many persuasive , rave reviews and 5 star ratings.Unfortunately , after purchasing this and MANY ATTEMPTS in using the foundation , -LRB- trying a number of different suggestions given by other reviewers -RRB- , I continued to find it difficult to apply , time consuming , messy , and very drying . It also gave my skin a rather taut and shiny appearance , accentuating fine lines and making my pores more visible instead of less . And when it came to adequately covering red areas or blemishes , it failed.After such a frustrating experience with bareEscentuals I came back to Amazon in order to read more reviews ; this time focusing on those that were the least favorable . It was quite an affirming experience . There were many other women who had experienced the same kinds of problems as I had , and many with strong negative feelings like mine . But as the total number of reviews is so large , I STRONGLY RECOMMEND reading a wide sample of reviews , perhaps starting with the least favorable . I certainly wish I had done so before wasting $ 25 .
 I really do love the idea of Bare Minerals , but sadly it really does n't measure up to the hype they 've created about it.I am a teenager who is gifted with bad acne genetics - I have acne , but I have dry skin . Weird , I know . I 've been using extreme prescription topical lotions for two years now . They have helped a bit , but mostly they dry out my skin EVEN MORE ! -LSB- To all dry skin girls out there - Make Clinique 's Dramatically Different lotion your best friend -RSB- I was really interested in Bare Minerals because it was ` healthy ' for your skin and it would cover up any redness . Really all it did was make my pimples look very odd and showed off the fact that I have dry skin.Even though my skin is dry , I do get oily through out the day , mainly on hot days in the summer or after a big workout . Bare Minerals does n't help ... Period . I could add layer after layer and it just could n't make it look matte.In fact , it actually worsens the oiliness . After a few minutes of putting on my make up my skin started to sweat -LSB- ONLY ON MY FACE -RSB- because it was overheating my face so much.Does it hide redness ? Like any other make up , yes , once you layer it on so much that your skin looks so obviously covered in make up it 's not even funny.Go out and buy MAC foundation . They 're the only company I 've used that make foundation that can hide all the red scarring from long gone pimples , the pimples themselves , and make it matte when you get oily . And , it costs $ 2 cheaper than this crap.No , really , Bare Minerals is crap .
 I tried and was patient with bare minerals but still found it to be drying-even when I switched to a heavy moisturizer it still looked terrible and felt so dry like my face couldnt breath also . So I went to the mall and tried out Pur minerals and their line of products . Tried and true pur minerals is AMAZING . I can wear my regular moisturizer , dont need a seperate concealer , and it looks airbrushed just like bare minerals ... without the dry feeling . Pur minerals has shea butter in it which helps hydrate and I highly recommend the mineral spray which has vitamins and essential oils to spray on after you apply your mineral makeup and it sets it . The spray is awesome I spray my face to rehydrate about every 5-6 hrs and pur minerals wears ALL DAY litrally !!!! Try it and the best thing is its half the price of bare minerals !!!!! Try it and you will be sold I promise ...
 I ordered the `` fairly light '' which looked light online but it 's much darker and too dark for me to use . I 'm not a fan of bronzers , especially for me as I 'm auburn with fair skin so if I use anything other than ivory shades I look like I 've been subjected to radioactive fallout . But honestly the fairly light shade is a deep medium to olive , so fair maidens like me , order the lightest shade and pray . It does cover very well but I 'm afraid to order the lightest shade to see if it will work for me , so I 'm going to try some L'Oreal product from the drugstore which is less expensive to see if I like a similar product in a shade that I can wear .
 I paid $ 65 for a bare mineral kit and must say was extremely disappointed with it . The mineral foundation does not offer any coverage and it actually starts to look cakey within an hour of wear . It settles into your pores and any lines you may have . I 've recently switched to Youngblood mineral makeup and LOVE IT . It has amazing coverage and lasts 8 hrs without having to apply more . I do not recommend bare minerals and wish I would have known about it 's poor performance before I dumped $ 65 down the drain .
 Beware , if you try to cancel your membership this company will not stop charging your credit card !!! Oh , they stop sending the product , but they continue to charge your credit card , over , and over , and over ...
 Horribly drying . Even with moisturizer twice a day it was terrible . It did n't make me break out , but the powder is weak and comes off on your fingers very easily . You ca n't touch your face for the entire time you have this on for fear of messing up your skin tone . It is flaky and does n't spread evenly , as well as being strangely shiny so that it 's obvious to see you 're wearing makeup . I would not recommend this to anyone . Ever.EDIT
 Thought it would allow to show nude skin but i found it too glow . i do n't like it myself . Maybe it is for party used or ppl who apply make up quite thick .
 im tire of this companies misleading people saying that they are totally natural . Go to the skin deep cosmetics data base.com and you will find the hazard rate for this products is 7 . SHAME ON THIS COMPANIES .
 The price may be right but it does n't work for me . I have olive tone skin color so maybe it works better on someone with fair skin . I find it to look thick and way to yellow .
 I never write reviews , but I 'm tired of Bare Minerals touting how safe it is for everyones skin ! Got this last year . When I applied it I thought , `` oh nervana finally a product that lives up to its claims '' . It looked absolutely fabulous . I loved it ! That was before the skin burning & itching started . I tried using it again , same result , had to wash my face immediatley . So maybe Bare Minerals does n't bother everyone but I now have scars to show it 's not hypoallergenic on my skin . If you must try it , use with caution !
 I used to really love Bare Minerals ... . until I found out about the ingredient Bismuth Oxychloride . At first my face LOVED this stuff . But after a few months of using it I noticed that when I wore it my face would be itchier then usual . I also started breaking out a LOT more then usual . It was n't until I did some investigative work that I found out about that Bismuth ingredient and how heavy it is on your face . The whole reason you have to BUFF the makeup on is because the Bismuth Oxychloride is so heavy that it needs to be PUSHED into your skin . I noticed that my makeup felt and eventually looked like it slid off my face BECAUSE of how heavy it really is -LRB- you would n't think it was a heavy makeup being that it 's mineral powder ! -RRB- I stopped using this stuff and IMMEDIATELY saw a difference in my face . It went from being ruddy looking to clean and clear and glowing . I switched my makeup to Alima Mineral makeup and WHAT a difference ! For one thing you do n't have to BUFF the stuff onto your face , and I feel you get SO much more powder for the price -LRB- Which is about the same as Bare Minerals ! -RRB- The whole reason it feels like you get so much more is because you use a lot LESS ! I LOVE Alima Mineral Makeup !
 While this stuff does feel pretty nice and could look good as just an overall powder , I looked at myself in better lighting and actual sunline and saw lines I never knew I had ! I 'm 27 , and let me tell you it looked like I suddenly aged quite a few years . Basically rubbing powder into your skin is n't helping things . I use the cheapest crap foundations , but I use very little and do it right -- hence it seems to work just fine . I 'm sure most of the glowing reviews here are by the company itself , or women who just do n't have very good lighting to see what they actually look like with this stuff caked on . This foundation is okay in very small doses after applying mositurizer , but I would n't dare rub it near my eye area again . It also makes my skin look drier , but moisturizer seems to help a bit . Try a sample from Ebay before you drop $ 25 ladies !
 I know they advertise this make-up as one that will not make you breakout , which is actually why I used it for a couple years . But after about a year of use , I began breaking out and just thought it was my skin . I tried different cleansers , changing my laundry detergent , chemical peels , facials and still would get acne on my chin and cheeks.I went to a dermatologist and she told me to stop using the Bare Escentuals and see how my face does . I stopped using it and started using Jane Iredale , Glo , and YoungBlood makeup and my face is totally clear !! I could n't believe it was the BareMinerals making me break out . According to my doctor , Bare Minerals does not use pharmaceutical grade minerals like the Jane Iredale and the other mentioned products I now use . I still use the Bare Minerals eyeshadows , as they do n't bother my eyes . If you have problems with acne and use this makeup , I would try switching to a pharmaceutical grade makeup and see what happens.And as a side note ... . stop using Tide laundry detergent if you have chronic breakouts . It contains a lot of residue that can make you break out . I now use Dreft on all my pillow cases , sheets and towels I use to dry my body and face . This was the first step in my quest for clear skin and it helped tremendously . When I switched makeups , my face totally cleared up .
 This product contains Bismuth , which is a by-product of lead and copper . Absorbed into your skin could cause skin problems and thyroid issues.Ultimately , Bleach and alcohol are natural products , but I do n't want them on my face either .
 Careful if you 're acne prone ... You 'd think the matte version would be great for oily , acne prone skin , but after a week or two it ends up drying your face out really bad . You get that red , itchy thing going . Also , I was losing my mind trying to figure out what was giving me DAILY new blackheads and clogged pores , then I figured out it was switching to the matte.The inflamitory acne went nuts , too . Normally , I have a few things to cover up , some fading scars , but lately I found I just ca n't cover it all anymore - there 's at least triple the normal amount of blemishes , plus the icky texture of skin totally RIDDEN with clogged pores . If you have acne or oily skin , watch out for this , and stop using it or switch back to the standard quick . I 'm sad to say it took me TOO long to figure out what was doing it , and now my face is all scarred up.On top of that , the matte doe n't cover very well . The orginal was good for evening out marks and scars that were healing , but the matte does n't do this half as well . My face just looks terrible ! I 'm making a special trip out to the stor today to pick up the regular .
 Upon first buying this product - a hefty $ 60 plus tax - I was very excited to use it ! I wore it for a while , and got numerous compliments on how healthy my skin is looking . However , a few weeks later I started to notice that I was breaking out everywhere ! I have good skin and have never had a breakout as bad as this . I have little clumps of whiteheads together on my cheeks , zits on my chin , forhead , and hairline ! It is absolutely disgusting , it wo n't go away even though i discontinued using this product around 3 weeks ago . Now I have to go to the dermatologist so I can be prescribed retinol for my acne . I definitely do not recommend this AT ALL .
 I so wanted to like this makeup , but it looks the most obvious of any foundation I 've worn . My pores are nowhere near invisible , and that might be why it looks cakey on me even though I apply it exactly as taught and wait a few minutes after moisturizing . It is also extremely messy ... the powder disperses through the air and gets everywhere . Also , for some reason i do n't find it &#34; illuminating &#34; at all ... I even thought i must have bought the matte version by mistake.I wo n't be buying this again .
 I 'm am 22 with no wrinkles or fine lines and occasionally have a blemish , this foundation gave me awful lines on my face -LRB- especially around my eyes -RRB- made my pores look large and does n't coverage blemishes as good as it claims . It also doesnt last , even with the bare mineral primer . Not worth the money !!!!!
 i 've been buying bare minerals from a leading makeup retailer for years . i decided to buy on amazon for the lower price and the fast , free prime shipping . this is not the same product i 'm used to using . the font on the jar and the packaging materials are slightly different and the product consistency and coverage are not the same at all . i think it was either an old batch , old formula or total knock off . in any event i returned it and will continue to buy this product from the source .
 This product did not work for me . The power settled onto my face and made my skin look awful . I could have been wearing a mask . It also felt warm on my skin . The customer service was efficient when I canceled my order but did n't seem to care about customer satisfaction .
 As I 've stated on other websites , this product is NOT for dry skin !! I plunked down $ 250 to try it all and try it all I did . I gave it months of trials trying to get my skin to look wonderful like the infomercials . . I would even have settled for my skin looking a tad better than it did . No dice . It caked , it stuck to my dry patches , it streaked , it did nothing for the dark circles under my eyes , it made my face look floury like a clown and I hated all of it and it all sits wasted in my closet . There is NO miracle makeup , different makeup works differently for different types of skin and I ca n't see how this dry powdery substance with no moisturizing qualities would even remotely look good on dry skin .
 do n't know why people think this product is good for sensitive skin - it contains Bismuth Oxychloride , which made me itch . Even if I did n't have the reaction I would n't have continued to us this product because it has a strange pearly/glowy effect that makes it look like funeral makeup ! I was really disappointed after all the hype about this makeup . Seriously , I ca n't tell you how much I was let down by this buy . I persisted and found a better brand , Afterglow that was sans the bismuth and had better coverage and shade selection .
 I recently became a user of Bare Minerals makeup -LRB- foundation and blush -RRB- and am highly disappointed in this product.I am 36 years old and for years had been using liquid foundation . Several months ago , a friend of mine told me about Bare Minerals . On May 14 , 2008 , I ordered the starter kit on Sephora.com . I received the product in a week or so and started using it immediately . At first , I loved how it looked and felt . I thought it made my face look very `` fresh '' and it felt very light as if I was wearing no makeup.After about 3 weeks of use , I noticed some redness and breakouts . As I write this review today , I have a full-blown rash across my forehead , breakouts over my face , and am extremely itchy . I have had this rash for 2 weeks now and it is not going away . I started thinking that I must be having an allergic reaction to something but did n't think that it might be this new makeup . I have been using no other new products , detergents , lotions ... etc and have not eaten anything out of the ordinary . I could not figure out what could be causing this terrible reaction.Then I did some online research and started reading review after review of people with the same reaction ! I am stopping use of the product IMMEDIATELY and have contacted Sephora to return the makeup and get a credit . I am disgusted that this makeup is touted as all natural yet has some ingredients -LRB- bismuth oxychloride -RRB- that can be harmful and cause terrible irritations to some people . I did not see a warning or disclaimer associated with this makeup.I just typed an email to the CEO , Leslie Blodgett -LRB- leslie@bareescentuals.com -RRB- asking if she is at all concerned about these allergic reactions due to use of the product that she has helped to create ? Does she feel good about selling this to the public?I WOULD RECOMMEND THAT YOU DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT !!!!!
 Yup , I too got suckered in by the infomercials and glowing reviews here . I should have read ALL the reviews . IF your skin is PERFECT , and IF you have no skin sensitivity issues AT ALL , and IF you can find a shade that will match your skin , then I guess this MIGHT be ok to use . Unfortunately , I found that this makeup is NOTHING like it claims . It 's exceptionally drying , has terrible coverage and weird colors that do not resemble flesh tones , and for many folks , including me , something in the `` all natural '' ingredients caused a skin reaction . My reaction was fairly mild compared to most described here , but still , I was looking for a makeup that IMPROVED the look of my skin , not made it worse ! Not only did it dry out and irritate my skin , but it accentuated every hair , line , pore , etc. . Dang , I thought my skin looked pretty good and fairly youthful for my age -LRB- 38 -RRB- , and people always think I 'm much younger than I am , but this stuff , even brushed on super-lightly made me look haggish . YIKES ! A complete waste of money . > : -LRB-
 Like a number of the other reviewers I had hoped that this product would be a miracle powder that would give great coverage but be invisible . I found that it gives a look that is nice from a distance , but looks extremely powdery close up and totally fails to cover my freckles and dark spots i.e. the sun damage on my skin . Like another reviewer , it also makes my skin itch.The most annoying thing I found is that , no matter how little I used , the powder seemed to ` migrate ' down my face and end up on my mouth . I ended up constantly rubbing it in clumps off of my lips . Yuck . No other powder I have used has ever done this . This was $ 25 not well spent . If you are thinking of buying it , try someone else 's first if you can .
 I was hoping this would be the innovative product it is advertised as being , but I was disappointed . I do n't think it covers flaws very well at all . If anything my pores look larger and my undereye shadows look even darker . Also the `` sheen '' it gives the skin is very artificial . I think it makes me look sweaty and sick . Verdict ? Money wasted ! Live and learn !
 I am 26 and have always worn sunscreen , I have a fairly good complexion and wanted to try this make-up because I 've heard such great things about it . I was very disappointed in the foundation -- it settled into fine lines I did n't know existed and was very cake-like and difficult to blend . It did , however , match my light olive complexion which has been difficult to find , but the fine lines/wrinkles were too much ; I will be going back to Mary Kay products !
 I have been using BareMinerals for the past 5 years and have purchased it from different stores and never had a problem with it . However when I purchased it from this company on Amazon , I found it was of poor quality . It appears to be imitation and not an authentic product . It does not cover like the real one , even the texture is different . I was very disappointed with the product and the Company . I do not recommend this company for makeup Products .
 I 'm SO not happy with this purchase . I have been using Bare Minerals for years - that 's not the problem . The problem I have is , I bought this as a NEW product , and yes , the TOP seal is not broken . But when this arrived it was in a plastic bag with more product in the BAG than in the CONTAINER . I can not even get the bottom `` lid '' to stay on , like it was n't made for this container , making me wonder what exactly is IN the container . . is it really Bare Minerals or was it swapped with another product ??? I 'm SO mad !! I will be returning this product , as I 'm not about to find out the hard way if this is REALLY the product I wanted or some knock off chemical laden substitute . This is a complete FAILURE .
 I loved this makeup ... at first ... but then my not-so-sensitive skin started to react to something ... really BADLY ! I 've never had such bad breakouts in my life , even as a teenager ! I have stopped using Bare Escentuals for a little over two weeks now and my skin is STILL burning , red , itchy and absolutely horrid ! I 'm using Benadryl and hydrocortisone cream to heal it . How can they sell this stuff if such a large percentage of people are having trouble with it ? It covers beautifully and was long-lasting so it 's a terrible let down . I 've never had such a bad experience with makeup in my life!I just ordered some samples from Alima cosmetics -LRB- after doing a lot of research on pure/natural mineral makeup -RRB- and they have some great colors ! NO bismuth oxychloride or whatever it was that killed my skin ... down with Bare Escentuals !
 I have used this stuff for 2 years thinking its `` good '' for my skin ! only to find out after some research -LRB- finding the ingredients was a task in itself -RRB- , that it contains a lead byproduct that irritates and causes breakouts ! how annoying !!! they claim its `` natural '' and free of chemicals , bull !!!! there are other mineral make-ups out there that do not contain bismuth oxychloride . -LSB- ... -RSB- . If you have problem/blemished skin , i would avoid this bismuth oxychloride , as it states it specifically `` can '' cause break-outs . uggg ...
 Looks fantastic on but contains bismuth oxychloride which causes acne ... big time !! Most people do n't find this an issue , but I sure did . I do n't even have sensitive skin but boy did it dry me out and make me break out ... . everywhere !!! I stopped using it and my skin went back to normal .
 I purchased the Fairly Light after much research in trying to determine color . I finally surmised it was in the same color family , just lighter than the Medium Beige , which has worked just fine for me for some time . I thought the Fairly Light would be better for my lighter ` winter ' skin color . WRONG . It looks pasty , and I feel like I look like I have makeup on . Generally I use the bisque concealer in the inner corners of my eyelids to offset the darker skin color there , and then down the sides of my nose and fan the bisque out towards my cheeks . Then allover with the Medium foundation using the big kabuki , then Warmth for blush using the baby kabuki , which I also swath across my eyelids . That 's it , 5 minutes and I feel like I look natural but not tooooo natural -LRB- I 'm 57 -RRB- Anyway , the Med Beige is a great color , and evens my skin tone . May mix it with the F.Light to make my makeup last longer .
 I 've tried this twice , and remain unimpressed . I bought a full size of it two years ago , but pitched it because the texture was so pathetic , and the powder comes off on everything and everyone -LRB- including anyone you hug or dance with -RRB- . Tried it again last week , after getting a sample from Sephora through the Beauty Insider program . Sometimes first impressions of products are wrong . Well , I 'm still unimpressed by everything about this product . The coverage is not great , the shades are not great , and the texture feels grainy and like it is n't going to stay in place all day . Not for me .
 Prior to buying this product , I went on the specific company website to read more about it and to make sure I was selecting the right shade for my skin type . However , when I bought the product the shade was too dark for me and did not match at all . Also , I did not like the way the product felt on my skin . I could actually feel it on , it was heavier than the current mineral powder foundation I buy at my local store . I will not buy this again as it did not meet my expectations or deliver what it states it will in the commercials or on-line .
 This makeup is horrible ! I bought it to cover my breakouts and acne . Ok it covered it for a while ... I washed my face every night like I usually do . But i have been noticing that it is make me breakout even MORE ! AND it WONT cover any blemishes on my face that this makeup has made my face . I stopped using it for 2 weeks . My acne cleared up . I have used the same face wash for years so I know that it is not the kind of facewash i 'm using that is making me breakout . So I am choosing not to buy BM EVER again ! It made my face horrid looking ! I yet found a different foundation makeup that is better than BareMinerals and does NOT make me breakout ! If you would like to try this makeup i have found that has worked for me , E-mail me at
 The powder has a sheen to it and does n't apply as good as the Pyscns fourmula I get at the store . I have mixed bare minerals w - other mineral powder to diminsh this sheen look whick added cakey-ness . Although it has great coverage , the sheen and cakey-ness made it seem not so natural looking . I 'm very surprized I did n't care for it after I 've heard so many grat things from other people on the infomercails.thanks for the quick shipping and great price ... regaurdless of my feelings of the product itself.Kim
 IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING BUYING THIS PRODUCT . . PLEASE STOP !!! LISTEN TO ALL THE OTHER REVIEWS ABOUT HOW THIS PRODUCTS HAS ZERO COVERAGE !! I followed the instructions EXACTLY . There is NO USE ... this product is terrible !!! Most of you who see this product on TV are expecting a miracle , , . . that a light powder can actually cover up flaws and make a difference in you skin . THIS IS NOT TRUE AT ALL ! Bare Minerals is awful . . and you can get a healthy brand of foundation that is 100 times better at a pharmacy -LRB- for example . . physicians formula -RRB- PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON SUCH A USELESS PRODUCT LIKE I DID !
 Listen this makeup is not good . It did not even look natural . My parents hated how it looked on me and it did n't cover up shine . So i suggest clinique makeup . TOTTALY BETTER
 I have used bare escentials for years , so I know how the makeup appears on my skin . Once I received this makeup , I tried it and noticed there was no coverage whatsoever and suspected it may be fake . I did some research online and it said that there should be a batch number on the bottom of each bare minerals container and warned of the dangers of fake imitations due to the high levels of copper etc that could be in it . In order to confirm my suspicions , I went and retrieved an old container which I purchased from Sephora , so I knew it was legit . Sure enough the imitation was the same in appearance , but the major difference was that the fact that there was no batch # on the imitation -LRB- There was one on the good container -RRB- and the font on the bottom label is different.Buyers Beware as there is no telling how this makeup is composed and that in itself is scary !
 I am NOT at all impressed with Bare Minerals makeup . I had a makeover done at one of their new storefronts , and I can now say I will NEVER buy this product . 1 -RRB- It took about an hour to apply , with all the different steps and layers of material . 2 -RRB- The lip gloss felt sticky and stiff and smells like Playdoh -LRB- even after I wiped it off -RRB- . 3 -RRB- The eyeliner was harder to apply and looks worse than the $ 5 liner I buy in the drugstore.But the real kicker
 Having read both the positive and negative reviews I was excited to go to Ulta and try Bare Minerals . I did a color foundation test and left with the foundation on my face . Fortunately , I decided to not go for the kit and leave the makeup on and see how it looked and felt after a few hours.I had specifically asked the salesperson about using Ulta on older skin -LRB- 61 -RRB- and she had said it was great on all ages . It is NOT . My skin is very fair and tends to be dry in winter months . I also have some fine lines - which I did not want to accentuate ! Unfortunately , I was disappointed with the look of BE . First , it did exaggerate the fine lines , all facial hair -LRB- which is usually invisible on my face -RRB- and any other imperfection . It felt drying and looked powdery on my face - I looked `` made-up '' - not the natural look I was hoping for.After a few hours it only looked and felt worse - my skin felt drier - it looked so bad I washed it off and immediately looked younger ! I put my moisturizer on . Now - after a few more hours have passed my face feels itchy and I am hoping I do not have the bad reaction that others reported.It did feel soft on the face - but the face did not look soft . Definitely not a product for mature or dry skin . Try before you buy . I will stick to a liquid or cream foundation .
 I have dry skin and am borderline anaemic , so moisture and good coverage are essential . My skin , although fair , is very good for a 44 year old - no blemishes and smooth , but the inner corners of my eyes are very discoloured -LRB- grey/purple -RRB- and I have dark areas beneath both eyes -LRB- nearest the nose -RRB- . I applied the Prime Time over my Eight Hour Creme . My skin was still very dewey from the creme -LRB- dewey being the look I love -RRB- , but once I started to buff the recommended amount of mineral foundation on my skin , I could see that coverage was very poor and my skin immediately felt robbed of its dewey finish . The area under my eyes which is very delicate and softly lined , was now the ` focus ' of my face , as the powder emphasised the dryness . I then applied the Bisque concealer to the inner corners of my eyes . This did not give the same ` creamy ' finish as my regular creme concealer and the colour was mismatched to my fair skin by several shades . The shade emphasises the area of imperfection . To market this product as ` creamy ' baffles me . It is a mineral powder and behaves as such . Cream/liquid is precisely that and powder likewise . Both can not be the same and are not - as this product clearly demonstrates . The reason it stayed on for under an hour was because I washed it off ... and reached for my liquid foundation instead !
 This foundation made me break out and caused itching . When I stopped using it , my skin cleared , and when I started using it again , back came the little pimples and itching.After doing some research , I discovered this is one of the mineral foundations that contains Bismuth Oxychloride , which is not good for sensitive skin . It can actually make tiny microscopic tears in your skin , and those wounds can lead to cystic acne if they get infected , so it 's really bad for anyone 's skin . But use it at your own risk . Also , another ingredient , carmine , is in some of their blushes and eye shadows . Carmine is ground up beetles . I am not making this up . There are other products on the market which uses this ingredient too , not just Bare Minerals . I recently switched to another mineral make up which has no harmful ingredients and does n't clog pores . I wo n't mention it here for fear of being accused of working for them , but if you search the web , you 'll find much better mineral foundations than Bare Minerals .
 Product came packaged like new but had 3/4 of product removed ! Have since heard similar stories regarding the company . Lesson learned .
 I have used BE for several years . I thought BE was a good product because it was `` natural '' however it is NOT ! It causes BAD BREAKOUTS !! Cystic under the skin hard acne , urrrg ! I do not know if they changed the formula but I would stir clear of this !! I had no idea it was breaking me out for the past 6 months until I read about it on a acne forum and sure enough Bare escentuals was on the list ! They have some ingredient Bismuth Oxychloride -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- anyway that is what causes breakouts from what in read . Regardless once I stopped using it my sking slow cleared up now I have acne scars I need to remove ! Grrrrrrrrrrrrr
 I know a lot of people like this product , and I was one of them in the beginning . It has a different look , a certain glow to it that I thought was pretty when I first put it on . However , I noticed as the day went on , my skin looked very , very , very greasy and the product started to `` move '' and settle , making me look blotchy and uneven . By the end of the day , it looked like the makeup was gone and also wiped off on everything - Like if I gave my husband a hug it would end up on his shirt . I also always had breakouts and never thought it was this makeup . However , I was on vacation and did n't put on any makeup the whole time I was off and amazingly , my breakouts completely stopped . I since then have not used this makeup and my face has never looked clearer or better . I get compliments a lot and people asking me what I 've done different and I tell them I just stopped using this makeup . I do not think this is a `` natural '' makeup and I am not impressed at all . It also does n't blend or look natural .
 I started using Bare Minerals in the spring of 2010 . I liked the idea of all natural minerals and easy application , and initially I LOVED this foundation . It provided good ` buildable ' but natural looking coverage.I have always had good ` normal ' skin BUT ... . in recent monthes I started breaking out more & more , getting strange red , scaly patches , crazy clogged pores & just unhappy looking skin . I tried everything I could think of to remedy this but it never even occured to me that it could be the Bare Minerals Foundation . Then I read about how higher concentrations of Bismuth Silicate -LRB- the main ingredient in Bare Minerals foundation and concealer -RRB- very commonly causes adult acne , rashes and other skin ills -LRB- check out the MSDS -RRB- . So , I stopped using Bare Minerals foundation and concealer A WEEK AGO and already my skin is healed and looks great again !! So dissapointed . I do n't know how BE can get away with saying that this stuff is good for troubled or sensitive skin when the key ingredient is known to cause so many issues ...
 I bought this Bare Minerals starter kit from QVC in medium , because I am not that light and the lady said most people are medium and she said it blends well anyway . I was soo excited to get it I even paid extra for priority shipping making my cost 75 dollars ! Well let me tell you , that was a HUGE waste of money . At first I loved it and thought , well this is great so I threw the box away . Another mistake . A week in to it I noticed my face in another light -LRB- I work at a hospital -RRB- and yuck !! It looked so orange and you could see the line where it ended . Also warmth is sooo dark and orange looking . I applied it the way the dvd said and still yuck . I could n't send it back but I am avidly looking for another good make up . Also the coverage was nothing special and actually made pores and lines -LRB- I 'm 21 and have hardly any -RRB- appear .
 I bought this perfume from nordstrom a couple years ago and loved it !!! I was so sad when they stopped selling it but totally excited to find it on here . But it smells awful like super cheap perfume in the same packaging . I would not recommend this to anyone unless you want to smell like you bought musk from the dollar tree . The worst thing about it is that you ca n't return it so i am stuck with a $ 40 bottle of super smelly perfume !!
 I 'm not sure what length hair this goes for , but it 's a bit too sticky and damp feeling that even other hair wax . Plus , the stick is hard to use .
 I bought this lip gloss looking for something that would last as long as a lip stain . The application is n't that bad -LRB- twist and wait -RRB- , and the taste is n't bad , but as soon as I put it on , it 's gone 30 minutes later . I put it on and it 's goopy and sticky because it 's a gloss , but after I wait for it to set , it still comes off within 30 minutes . And I 'm not obsessively licking or chewing my lips or anything ! Honestly , both cheap lipstick and lipstain from the drugstore last 10 times as long as this -LRB- and are MUCH cheaper . -RRB- Do n't waste your time with this . It does n't last and I find it ridiculously expensive .
 I bought this lip gloss looking for something that would last as long as a lip stain . The application is n't that bad -LRB- twist and wait -RRB- , and the taste is n't bad , but as soon as I put it on , it 's gone 30 minutes later . I put it on and it 's goopy and sticky because it 's a gloss , but after I wait for it to set , it still comes off within 30 minutes . And I 'm not obsessively licking or chewing my lips or anything ! Honestly , both cheap lipstick and lipstain from the drugstore last 10 times as long as this -LRB- and are MUCH cheaper . -RRB- Do n't waste your time with this . It does n't last and I find it ridiculously expensive .
 Was on email alert for several months and finally got a notification that powder was in stock - so ordered right away -LRB- would be great for Mother 's Day -RRB- . ` Powder ' was delivered quickly BUT it was n't powder , it was talc -LRB- which my wife already has -RRB- . Tried to order powder again , but was sold out . Contacted Amazon but got a ` form ' response ... `` sorry - you can return item - blah blah blah ! '' -LRB- did n't help for Mother 's Day -RRB- - makes me wonder if Amazon ever really had the powder to begin with.The least Amazon could do was send me an ` I 'M sorry Gift Card ' for the trouble/stress caused . Guess they do n't really about customer satisfaction - they 're too big.Bottom line - do n't rely on Amazon .
 This is not the `` body powder '' that is pictured . It does not come in the famous `` egg '' nor does it have the powder puff that comes in the egg . Nor is it 5.3 oz . This is just the 5.2 oz . talc that is available at a different price on Amazon 's website .
 I received this , anticipating it to be the long sought out L'air Du Temps By Nina Ricci Body Powder , and was very disappointed . I still have a small amount of the actual powder and KNOW the scent very well so as to not be fooled . It was returned and my money refunded .
 Thanks for sending the wrong item with a much lower value . . I was in a hurry to leave the country after resewing it so i had no chance to return it ! Thanks for a great costumer survive
 I 've been using this product for years . This is the first time I buy it at Amazon . I was surprised when I poured it onto my hands . It 's like water !!! Never happened to me before . In all the years that I 've been using it . I do n't understand ?! Same brand , same type . Not satisfied at all .
 I do n't really know if this product works good on the hair or not , but for sure , i dont like the smell ... smell like old cosmetic.I bought it and ca n't use it , ca n't stand the smell .
 Dont buy from them they will sell you the wrong thing and then not give you a refund even though there store page says they do !!!! Order from CosmeticMall or somewhere else instead !!!!!
 Hello ladies . I also use Biosilk and agree with a lady that said that it comes with a seal ` pull here ' and this one does not . I buy my at Marshalls . Ready for this ? 15 oz for $ 19.99 ! not every Marshalls has it but northern NJ does have the original and cheaper !
 i bought this biosilk recently . I have purchased biosilk from the beauty supply store in town MANY times . I have used the real Biosilk on my hair many many times . This time , i bought it from amazon thinking the price was good . Having this product for about a month now , i finally opened it . I dont think the fact that i had it for a month should affect the product at all . this product is like WATER . it is NOT the real biosilk , OR it is terribly watered down . In any case it is not what the REAL BIOSILK is at all . the REAL Biosilk is very thick and viscous . It is slippery and leaves a coating on your hands when poured . This product is like water . something is WRONG please learn from me and buy the real Biosilk in a store to ensure you are buying the real thing . Cant believe there are really `` fake '' hair products , but apparently you learn something new every day .
 I thought this was an original product since it was bottled exactly the same as the original . Serum has a lot of alcohol that separates from the entire concentration . It makes my hair too sticky and too dry after I wash it off . I do not recommend this product at all .
 I bought this item , but did n't use it right away , because i need to use up my old bottle which was purchased from Costco . Last week , when i tried to use it , i found this is a totally wrong thing inside . the correct product is dense liquid , with decent smell , but this one is like water , with strong chemical smell . i doubt this is a returned item which was returned by others with wrong stuffs inside the bottle . this is my 1st negative comments from Amazon shopping experience .
 I was giddy when I paid a low price for this product . It leaves my hair really greasy ! I 've been using * real * Biosilk Therapy for years and this is NOT the real deal ! So I 'll repeat , it is not the real product !
 I have bought this product many times in the stores , hair salons and beauty supply store . They sell it at Walmart . The product that came from amazon is NOT the same . the consistency is different , it is more like alcohol . Please save your money and dont buy it here . It is not genuine .
 I love the Biosilk Silk Therapy , however on this order I did not receive it -LRB- i left word and never received a call back -RRB- . It was substituted with another product - Chi . It was not what I had ordered so I am not excited about the product
 This product is great IF YOU GET THE ORIGINAL.I subscribed for it and got the first 2 deliveries perfectly fine . But , the most recent one I received is just not the original product . It stinks as if diluted with some cheap nail polish remover and the viscosity is like water.Till now I rated Amazon very high , but with this episode I am feeling so cheated that now I will think twice before ordering anything ; and any new subscription is a definitely no .
 This was a watered down perfumed version of biosilk . This is not the real thing . Beware purchasing from this vendor.SHouldn ' t even get a one star .
 Okay , bought biosilk after hearing alot of good things about it . Was so excited to use it to do a blow out and press on my kinky coiled african american hair . First , let me disclaim that my hair , although kinky , presses fairly easily , but I wanted to get a bone straight press which is why I was trying something a little different . Anyway , when I opened the bottle and began using it , it seemed like water which confused me because I though it was supposed to be a serum . Still I kept applying it to my hair and blow-dried it . My hair seemed so dry and brittle . I also noticed that the fluid smelled like straight rubbing alcohol , but I still continued to apply it to the sections of my hair before blow-drying them . For some reason I decided to shake the bottle up to see if maybe I would get a different consistency and sure enough after I did , the fluid became a serum . All in all I do n't know if this product did anything special for my hair -- it did not create a good straight press , it did not seem to leave my hair particularly moisturized either . In conclusion , I think anyone considering purchasing this item should first look at the other reviewers who swear that this product is nothing like the biosilk purchased in salons or in other stores . I looked at their reviews after purchasing , but my experience with this product were pretty much the same .
 I 've been using this product for about 10 years . This is the first time I 've ordered it through Amazon . I completely agree with the reviewers that gave it one star . The product you 'll be getting is watered down Biosilk ! I would be totally turned off by this product had this been my first exposure . The scent is off and it reeks of alcohol , this is not Biosilk ! Buy it from a reputable salon . Biosilk comes with a BluePrint `` Pull Here '' on top of the silver seal , this product does not . If you 're a long time Biosilk user , do not waste your time ; if this your first time ordering , just know that you 're probably getting a copycat . You will notice it as soon as you start pouring it onto your hands . The liquid will be very runny , as the alcohol will start pouring out first-Biosilk does not do this .
 The product does not have the same consistency as the real Biosilk . It 's very runny as if it 's been diluted with baby oil which is probably why it 's so inexpensive . I will not order Biosilk from this particular vendor again .
 I am a longtime user of biosilk and am VERY familiar with the product . I placed this last order through -LSB- ... -RSB- in the amazon marketplace . WHAT 'S IN A NAME ? well , the product i received was definitely not biosilk but some awful smelling , very runny liquid that -LSB- ... -RSB- is tring to pass off as the real deal . i contacted the site to hear their side ... well nothing but coupons and ads , but no explanation yet . so -LSB- ... -RSB- , you STINK !!! and so does that awful expensive liquid you sent me . buyer beware and purchase through someone else not these stinkers !!!!!!!!!
 It 's completely diluted and reeks of alcohol . This is not the authentic product . I have had this product before , and I do like what the real stuff can do . This version is watery and smells weird . It is obviously tampered with.Do not waste your money getting this product here . And for those of you who have tried it , buy the product from a salon store and TRUST ME you will notice a difference .
 I have purchased two bottles over the years used a little , used a lot , used it on wet hair , used it on dry hair . It would be shiny and soft at first and by two hours it would make my hair dull looking like I had n't washed it same with my daughter 's hair . I still have more than half of my second bottle left . My hairdresser used Sabino Moisture Block on my hair about 3 years ago and I instantly fell in love with it . It is like Biosilk but it is lighter and makes my hair incredibly shiny and soft with staying power . The bottle is smaller but you do n't have to apply as much as you do for Biosilk . I like to apply a tiny amount to dry hair , friends always make comments on how shiny my hair is . The only reason I would consider Biosilk is if they ever stopped making Sabino it costs $ 20 here on Amazon and it is worth twice that amount because it lasts a looooonnnggg time !
 First time I ordered this product in Amazon coz I have very good experience with Amazon , but for this product I am not even ready to give one star for this product . The reason is this is duplicate . I always used to buy in Lucky or Walgreen 's . But when I searched in amazon i thought this is the best deal and purchased 3 bottles - all are fake . This is really very big disappointment for me . I never recommend this product in amazon and do n't waste your money , it 's not at all worthy . Better buy it in diect stores .
 Fake product . I bought a lot of things from Amazon.com and this is the first time I received fake product.So disappointed
 i gat this product and i compare with mine before i usedbut i is not real it is fake !!! it have too much alcohol smell !!! i naver do n't want buy here --
 This is a watered down fake bottle of Biosilk . The real one is thicker and smells a lot better than this one .
 I bought this one because the pic was of the bottle I wanted . However , the bottle that came was different .
 I am so disappointed in this product . It is not the Biosilk serum I buy at the stores . It 's completely watered down and has way too much alcohol . What you can find at the stores feels different and stays on your hair . This feels like a nail polish remover .
 I have used Silk Therapy for many years , and it is an outstanding product . This is the first time I have ordered it from Amazon . Silk Therapy is thick and smells like roses ; the product I received was as thin as water , and smells like alcohol . It is not the real thing .
 I have used Biosilk Silk Therapy for YEARS and this seems like it had been diluted or tampered with . It came with a piece of tape across the top , no expiration date -LRB- which the past few bottles I have purchased at a salon did have -RRB- and is much thinner than this product is supposed to be . Probably why it was so much cheaper than at a salon . I guess it is a reminder that you get what you pay for .
 My daughters and I have used Biosilk Silk Therapy for a quite a few years . This silk therapy has its own distinct smell and consistency . I thought to save a few dollars and purchase online ... unfortunately , I think there 's something fishy going on . The products I received did not have that distinct silk therapy smell and even more ... when it 's poured out into your palm , there 's a watery consistency at first followed by the serum ... if you can picture oil and water not mixing !! Will not be purchasing these again unless it 's from a reputable store .
 I ordered this item from Quick E Shop , and the product in the bottle was NOT Biosilk . It had the wrong consistency , smelled like rubbing alcohol , and was not the same product that I have purchased from salons . You should not order from this vendor .
 I came across the product and Amazon and bought it because of all the glowing positive reviewsAfter using about a half dozen times , I am very skeptical of this product and the people writing the positive reviews for it.First , it has a REALLY STRONG fragrance -LRB- what I call odor -RRB- which smells like CHEAP PERFUME OR CHEAP COLOGNE . And the smell does n't go away . If you put it on in the morning , you can smell it all day into the evening and I am sure others can to . If you do n't like the smell of cheap perfume or cologne , you probably wo n't like this.Second , it does n't do anything in terms of conditioning or moisturizing hair . I noticed no difference , positive or negative , after putting it on consistently.Third , it is greasy and annoying to have in your hair unless you are used to it.Overall , I recommend a good conditioner instead . If you want leave-in treatment , try Infusium 23 Leave-In Treatment -LRB- which is much lighter , minimal fragrance , and actually conditions -RRB- .
 This product is difficult to sqeeze out of the bottle , need to use a lot of product to condition hair and just not happy with results . Hair seems stringy and has fly aways after use .
 I used to use this product religiously ! I loved it , then I this happened ... . I was on an airplane to Vegas to meet my husband there . I had put all of my products into one bag -LRB- no , I do n't fly often . -RRB- So I had my hair supplies along with my make-up . Well , when I got to the hotel to touch up I realized that my bottle of biosilk had exploded in my make-up bag . A huge mess , but what really bothered me was when I was clean off all of my make-up that I could salvage I realized that the biosilk removed all of the labels and print on the bottles of make-up and other hair products . In short , why would I want to put something on my hair that removes print that has been typed onto a bottle or removes the labels ?
 The product I received was thin like water , not at all the high quality serum I have purchased before in retail stores , by the same brand name . Not sure if this was simply a defective bottle or if the overall quality of the product has gone down , but I was definitely disappointed and wish I had n't spent the money .
 I should have read the other user 's reviews . I have used Biosilk , and this does n't COME from Biosilk as they are named but some shop named Brandname Health and Beauty out of Orlando . It was opened & tampered with because the foil seal had been broken and smashed into the cap . When I finally dealt with that and went to apply , it literally rained all over me and the items I was standing next to ! THIS WAS NOT BIOSILK ! At best , tampered with . At worst - counterfeit product ! I want a full refund.UPDATE
 I have to agree with the other negative reviews for this product . I have used biosilk for 15 years and this is not it ! The bottled it watered down with alcohol . The sticker on the top of the bottle telling you to &#34; shake well &#34; so that you do not notice how watered down it is . I have never bought biosilk in the salon with a sticker on it telling you to &#34; shake well &#34; before use . So be aware you are not getting what you expect or pay for , and the alcohol will dry out your hair and make it smell bad !
 I ordered the 5.64 oz one . It is a good deal compared to the one sold in Kroger and Target , but it is not the one claimed in the picture when I received the product . It is not the silk therapy and does not have the fragrance like what I bought in Kroger and Target . It is diluted and has a petroleum smell . Fake product ! Disappointed !!!
 This item is fake . It looks like someone took real biosilk therapy and added 3/4 of alcohol . We know that ethanol actually dries hair so I would n't recommend using it . I just bough real stuff in the store and it 's like it should be - thick and smelling of roses with no ethanol.The original company making the product warns again counterfeits , and this is one of those.Don ' t buy it !
 I agree with a previously written review . I have never used the product before but I was disappointed when I tried to pour a little in my hand . It is the 5.64 ounce and poured like water ! I wo n't try to return it because of the previous reviewers experience . I would like to try the smaller size to compare but it is not Amazon Prime and I do n't want to pay the outrageous shipping price . I think there should be a ` comparison ' study . If the smaller bottle has a thicker consistency , an explanation is definitely needed !
 This product is NOT authentic ! It was a total waste of money ! It is a shame Amazon is selling it despite very bad reviews .
 I have alway purchased my biosilk therapy at Costco and decided to try to find it on-line . The product that I use isnot watery at all and this one seems to mostly water . I will not buy from this retailer again as beleive it to be a copy-cat version .
 This seemed watered down . It says shake well on the top and you really do have to shake it which I have never had to do before with the salon biosilk . It still does a decent job on my hair but I feel like I got ripped off .
 This product is bad news for your hair . I was misled by the claims on the bottle ... thought it would make my hair nice and shiny and soft ... wellllll ... it contains alcohol . I 've been using it for about two years and about a year ago I noticed my hair was just gettn frizzier and drier than ever . I attributed it to my age ... I turned 40 ... thought maybe my hair was just changing . Then recently I figured it out because I could smell the alcohol . So I Googled it and sure enough it contains alcohol . Alcohol dries things out . My advice ... do n't use it . Find another product that does n't contain alcohol . I immediately quit using it and am looking forward to my hair returning to normal !
 I got the 2.2 oz one , which is exactly what I expected . Then I ordered the bigger 5.64 oz . It 's waterish , not like the oil in the 2.2 oz . It 's so waterish that there is no way to get `` a small amount '' in your hand ! The cap is defect too , as there is always a large amount -LRB- some from side of the cap -RRB- get on my hand no matter how careful I am . I wanted to do exchange but Amazon does n't allow as the product is actually sold by 3rd but serviced by Amazon . The only choice is to return this one , and Amazon change 1/3 of the product price for shipping . I thought if the produce is defect , the shipping is free . This sucks ! It 's the same as I just let Amazon charge me $ 6 for nothing .
 I have bought this item in stores before , and know what the mixture should look/feel like . When I got mine from Amazon in the mail , the top was taped up with scotch tape -- not a good sign . Sure enough , the mixture appeared to have been heavily diluted with either water or rubbing alcohol -- it was all water at the top . I tried to pour some in my hands to use it -LRB- and this is after shaking it vigorously -RRB- and it was literally like I was pouring straight water out . The real mixture should be thin but gel-like . This product was a total ripoff and I 'm surprised ; Amazon has never let me down before.Don ' t buy from here !
 I have used this product for many years but it has been at least a few years since I have purchased it new , as it lasts a LONG time and I bought several at once the last time . The product has changed and is inferior to what it used to be , or else just this lot is defective . It is very hard to apply , almost like it 's rolling off the lips instead of onTO them -- almost like there is a coating of wax preventing it from being absorbed or something ; it does not seem to help to sharpen with a pencil sharpener either . . It also makes little chips of pencil color that break off on the lips and are impossible to blend in . I do n't know what they added or removed , but it is most unfortunate .
 i received my prestige lip pencil few days ago and i was inlove with the color so i deceided to try it on that very day.the pencil is so hard like a stone.my lips hurts so bad and i wont buy again
 I have used this product for many years but it has been at least a few years since I have purchased it new , as it lasts a LONG time and I bought several at once the last time . The product has changed and is inferior to what it used to be , or else just this lot is defective . It is very hard to apply , almost like it 's rolling off the lips instead of onTO them -- almost like there is a coating of wax preventing it from being absorbed or something ; it does not seem to help to sharpen with a pencil sharpener either . . It also makes little chips of pencil color that break off on the lips and are impossible to blend in . I do n't know what they added or removed , but it is most unfortunate .
 i received my prestige lip pencil few days ago and i was inlove with the color so i deceided to try it on that very day.the pencil is so hard like a stone.my lips hurts so bad and i wont buy again
 So I get the iron , I use it three times and suddenly the fourth time it stops heating . I was really disappointed , I loved the results at first and now I just wasted my money . I cant get it to work again and I took such good care of it I 'm sure I did n't do anything with it , it was like a treasure to me ! So sad : / I never trusted Internet shopping now I get the reason !
 I was so excited to purchase this curling iron after reading so many positive reviews about it , but the results were disappointing . My hair would BARELY curl . When it did , they would only last five minutes max . The curls were very `` flat '' . The curling iron did get hot quick , but that 's the only positive thing about it . My cheap $ 10 curling iron I 've had for 10 years curls better . I 've never had that problem before with any curling iron , some have worked better than others , but this one was by far the worst . Fortunately I returned the iron , and once I received my return money went to Wal-Mart and bought another brand and it works perfect .
 I was not satisfied with this curling iron . I have another hot tool curling iron , and it does a better job . With in 3 hours my curls are not there anymore . Do n't recommend .
 I bought this lip gloss looking for something that would last as long as a lip stain . The application is n't that bad -LRB- twist and wait -RRB- , and the taste is n't bad , but as soon as I put it on , it 's gone 30 minutes later . I put it on and it 's goopy and sticky because it 's a gloss , but after I wait for it to set , it still comes off within 30 minutes . And I 'm not obsessively licking or chewing my lips or anything ! Honestly , both cheap lipstick and lipstain from the drugstore last 10 times as long as this -LRB- and are MUCH cheaper . -RRB- Do n't waste your time with this . It does n't last and I find it ridiculously expensive .
 The cologne I purchased was at a GREAT price , but when I received it , I notices that it smelled different than it does in retail stores . I thought it was just me , but every time I spray it on , it smells awful ...
 I agree With W. Lee . When you first spray it on it smells great . but afterwards it kind of stinks and does have a funny base smell . I like Crush and love Wave .
 I bought this product based on Curve Crush , I used it for about a year and always received compliments on it long after I had put it on . This is NOT the case with Curve Chill . You can put on 15 sprays , and though it smells good -LRB- a lot like CK One -RRB- it hardly lasts for 5 minutes . I would recommend something else , maybe something that stays on for more than a minute . I can put it on right before I leave and by the time I get outside the scent is gone , no matter how close the other person is . With Curve Crush , 2 or 3 sprays would leave me smelling good throughout the day . Very disappointed . Not recommended .
 Hey this would smell great if it were a bug killer . I get the familiar scent of raid mixed with cool water when I spray this stuff .
 It is a fake cologne spray , it does not have any smell , I really regret that I orderd from here I would never ever order from Amazon anymore . That was a big mistake .
 9 PRODUCTS SHOWN IN THE PICTURE , JUST SEND 1 , NOWHERE SAYS THAT IS A SINGLE UNIT FOR 19 U.S. $ THAT INDICATES THE BUYER TO THE 9 ARE BUYING ITEMS SHOWN IN THE PICTURE .
 Maybe it 's expired ? It has no expiration date on it . I love sweet smells like this should smell . This does not smell very good and tastes even worse !
 I bought this lip gloss looking for something that would last as long as a lip stain . The application is n't that bad -LRB- twist and wait -RRB- , and the taste is n't bad , but as soon as I put it on , it 's gone 30 minutes later . I put it on and it 's goopy and sticky because it 's a gloss , but after I wait for it to set , it still comes off within 30 minutes . And I 'm not obsessively licking or chewing my lips or anything ! Honestly , both cheap lipstick and lipstain from the drugstore last 10 times as long as this -LRB- and are MUCH cheaper . -RRB- Do n't waste your time with this . It does n't last and I find it ridiculously expensive .
 I 've had acne for some years now , but the worst of it is on my back , which has left me with MANY black scars of varying sizes . Recently , I 've grown tired of just letting it be and decided to do something about not only the acne , but the scarring itself . So I bought this stuff a week ago and tried it out.First off , the acne cream smells horrible . I found it quite unbearable , not to mention it burns as well , while the wash is an abrasive soap with a milder medicine-like smell . But no pain no gain , right ? Wrong . After a couple days using this stuff , I broke out in even more acne . There were literally over 20 red spots scattered all over my back ! This has NEVER happened before.I continued to use it , though , just in case the acne was somehow being caused by something else . But now I see acne forming on my chest as well.I will not be using this product again .
 Not the product as listed , or depicted , called got the run around , ?? I suggest if you want Baby Doll , go elsewhere ... `` Thumbs Down Company ''
 This perfume was old and smelled bad . The bottle was leaking and the box was all wrinkled without wrapping.I was very unhappy with this purchase .
 This ruined my nails ! I 've been using this for about 6 months now and finally figured out that this is what is making them be so fragile , break , and just look horrible .
 I got the item but th bottle of the perfume was broken , so I sent an email with pictures saying what happened . They told me to send the item back . I did it , and was informed that the refund is in process . It 's been almost two months since then and I still have n't received the money back . So unfortunately I do not recommend this company .
 Not a big fan here . I found it too sharp and overwhelming . It has incredible staying power , which is great if you like it ! To my nose , it 's as though Aspen and Pleasures were mixed ... a little on the minty/masculine side -LRB- the Aspen -RRB- and very sharp/crisp floral -LRB- the Pleasures -RRB- . I like Pleasures , on occasion , but I never have liked Aspen or any similar scents -LRB- Cool Water , etc. . . -RRB- . I think this could work with certain chemistries , however . I 'm going to have my mom try it to test that theory , since perfumes smell completely different on her , than I. I 'll update afterwards !
 Amazon writes this item is eligible for Prime shipping . After my order was shipped that sent an email with expected delivery date after 10 days . I called their customer service and all they could say is `` Sorry '' . I had ordered this to gift it to someone and the reason I pay for Prime membership is to get a 2 day service . I have n't received this item yet but surely will not accept the shipment .
 this product is not as claimed . its not that easy to use as they say . I would not recommend to buy this . if I could return it I would .
 My husband usually buys L'Air Du Temps every year for Christmas . This was NOT that purfume . It is horrible . Smells like bug spray .
 I have seen this color online before , and I thought it looked really pretty . I got excited when I found it in an Ulta store awhile ago . My hair is naturally light blonde , which is an ideal color to use this on according to the box . However , I was understandably mortified when my hair finished drying after using this product . The top part of my hair was bright red , and the rest remained mostly the same color as before . I followed all of the instructions , mixed the product well , and left it on for the correct amount of time . There is no reason this should have happened . I had to lighten my hair with lemon juice afterwards to get some of the bright red out . My hair looked absolutely nothing like on the box . Perhaps other women will have better luck with this product than I did . However , after my experience , I really would n't recommend it to anyone .
 If you can put on calamine lotion and it matches your skin perfectly this may actually be your color . I would never think that `` light biege '' is pink , but that is just me I guess . I do n't know about the other colors , but you may want to call before you order because as costumer service says `` light biege IS pink '' . They are impossible to get ahold of through email so you have to call them and wait on hold , until they are ready to help you . And then you have to pay for shipping AGAIN to send it back and EVENTUALLY they will replace it or refund it .
 `` I ordered Leg Magic and it did not work at all . I bought it to cover up a birthmark and it did not work . I still saw the mark and you can tell the leg magic was on it because it did not blend into with my skin tone . I contacted the seller twice to see if i can get a refund and they never answered me . I am so mad that I did not ever get a response . They could of at least told me no . Very rude ! ''
 I was not pleased with this product at all - it had a very very thick substance and did not go on very well . I looked like I had chalk on my legs . I returned the product . Thank you
 This product may work for someone with very smooth skin , but for me it was blotchy and cakey . Could n't wait to wash it off , I mean scrub ! Undoubtedly with some expertise , the product could go on more evenly , just not my luck .
 I was so excited to order this product to see if it would work for me . I was so bummed to see that inspite of me ordering true beige and even the shipping box and ticket they sent me said it was true beige to my surprise it was actually almond . I mean how do you mess something like that up . They do n't even sound the same . I sent a request to return it and still have n't heard anything back . I do n't think Ill be ordering from them again . Shipping was super fast but maybe that 's why they screwed my order up .
 I tried this product because I was taking a vacation on a beach for the first time . I have not worn shorts in public for many years and I tried this to cover up imperfections on my legs . The color was waaaaaay too pink and did not blend in at all ! The product also did come off on my clothes . I tried patting it in as much as I could before taking it all back off again and it still rubbed off on my clothes . A complete waste of money .
 This product was a disappointment . On the plus side , it does stay put , especially if set with powder . As other reviewers stated , the color is very light , which is OK for my legs . The problem is the strong pink undertones . I am NOT that pink ! How many people have skin tones that can use something that pink ? The color reminds me of cheap foundation one might have bought in the 1950 's . I would only recommend this product for the rare person who can use foundation with strong pink undertones .
 I think this might work if you had slightly blotchy legs or small red marks on your legs but it was not sufficient to cover spider veins . Plus definitely looks like you put makeup on your legs .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 I found this product to be non forgiving . After applying and going outside the product looked like makeup on my legs . I wanted something sutle and natural looking . This product looked like makeujp .
 I was happy to find a diaper ointment without petroleum products in it . However , this product still contains known carcinogens . I had to look up the preservatives on the EWG -LRB- Environmental Working Group -RRB- website . If anyone is interested , I have discovered Badger Balm . It is the only certified organic diaper ointment I have found , and I believe I may have researched them all . Some products claim that they contain organic ingredients -LRB- and that may be true -RRB- but they usually also contain a number of poisonous chemical fillers and preservatives . Down with the chemical industry !! ... lol ... but seriously
 The list price on Alba 's website is $ 5.99 but on Amazon the list price is listed at $ 11.10 .
 I have n't bought this item because their is no info on how many ounces are in the bottle
 Neutrogena has altered the scent of its `` Refreshing '' aka Classic Rainbath formula , probably in an attempt to make the product more appealing to women . What was once a clean , soft and slightly musk fragrance has been replaced with a sweet , grapefruit-citrus fragrance with a floral character . Compared to the product I 've used for over 20 years , this Rainbath smells different when you use it and when you rinse it off - now the fragrance left behind after rinsing is flowery and powder-sweet , not clean . It has some of the character of the old fragrance , but is considerably changed , so much so that I suspect most men who used it previously , as I did , wo n't be using it anymore . I have not confused this product with their other , `` Revitalizing '' scent , which has a pronounced grapefruit fragrance . This is their so-called Classic , but it is no longer classic . Why could n't Neutrogena roll out a new variety , rather than ruining an old and popular one ? Wanted to let everybody know so you would n't waste your time and money buying something that is n't what you expect.Update 12/09
 Neutrogena has ruined the best shower gel ever ! The wonderful scent that so many of us have enjoyed for years has been turned into something perfumey and unpleasant . Another post suggested it was to attract more women -- well , I 'm a woman and I loved it the way it way . I called Neutrogena and asked to speak with someone about where I could find the original scent and they did n't even call me back . If anyone knows where to find the original scent , please post the information ! And if others are as unhappy as the rest of us about this change , please let Neutrogena know ! P.S. Amazon , please make it clear in your advertising that this is NOT the classic Rainbath scent that people know from the past -- it is dramatically different , and not the clean , crisp scent we know and love .
 As with some of the other reviewers , I am very disappointed in Neutrogena 's decision to change the fragrance of the Rainbath shower gel . I have used Neutrogena and loved the rich , relaxing fragrance for 40 years , since I was a teen . The new fragrance , though billed as `` original '' , has a sharper edge , and is not as lush as the REAL original . I am very disappointed in this , and after 40 years of using Neutrogena , I do not plan to buy any more . The new scent is really not that different from many other bath products on the market . I hope Neutrogena reconsiders this . And , regarding one other review speculating that the new scent will not appeal to men , there are many women like me who also do not like it !
 My order was 3 40oz bottles . They were wrapped in a soggy mess of celephane and neutrogoo . I washed them off and the bottles were intact - squeezed not broken .
 Scent-free . Doesnt sting my face . Still nice , but harder to find in stock . And it is much more expensive per ounce.How much is your pretty face worth ?
 The shampoo smelled great , but it was so watery I had trouble keeping it from running between my fingers . Once I got it on my hair it really does n't clean well , I now have to wash my hair in sections , with a handful of twenty dollar shampoo per area . It 'll be a while before I live this purchase down with my husband . : -RRB-
 A few months ago , I received the product as a gift and loved it . I was thrilled to find it on Amazon . Unfortunately , the product I received from Amazon is thin , watery and has a less pronounced scent . I now use double the volume for my hair to not feel or smell as good . Either it 's a knockoff or the product has changed from just six months ago . Would not buy again .
 Okay , first , I do n't actually own this . However , I was very interested in this line of products because I suppose I was swept away by the name , glamor , and glitz . I was also a chemistry major in college and before determing if I was going to spend my hard earned money on a consumable and upon seeing the list and order of ingredients , I promptly decided not to buy this.The first ingredient is water , followed by sodium laurel sulfate -LRB- a lathering ingredient -RRB- , and some other very common shampoo and conditioner ingredients that are exactly the same as the $ 1.00 bottle -LRB- and double the volume in the bottle -RRB- of Suave shampoo and conditioner . Which is really suave ? You be the judge . Either way , it 's your icky hair gunk and money that literally go down the drain .
 La fragancia no dura nada decepcionado despu&eacute;s de usar productos clinique de hombre , solo me dura 20 minutos ahora uso el perfume de ambientador no lo recomiendo uso varios de este tipo y duran todo el dia menos este , dinero perdido
 the smell does n't last long ... i wonder if the item i bought is original . . im not satisfied ;-LRB- i want to return it , but i shipped it here in the philippines
 This supposed Clinique Happy is likely either completely fake or super old batch that it barely even reminds of the real thing . Amazon does n't state that this is in import and there is no way to return the product.BUYER BEWARE , save yourself the trouble and your money and go buy it somewhere local instead.We got used to the convenience and started buying more things from amazon then local stores so it 's a shame that amazon is becoming as unreliable as ebay these days .
 I received this as a gift and did not care for it . I love the smell of citrus and oranges , however I do not personally want to smell like one . This stuff makes me noxious to be honest . Different strokes for different folks I guess .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 I am sorry to say that this Neutrogena lotion did nothing for me . I am normally extremely impressed with Neutrogena . But I just rubbed in the lotion and it did not feel like it hydrated my skin , also it made my body very greasy . I am now using the body moisturizer -LRB- the long bottle -RRB- and am much more satisfied .
 when I ordered this I expected it to be nice and sweet.While instead it smelled trashy and sour.I would not even send this to my worst enemy.the only good thing about this was that it arrived 6 days early .
 When I received the shampoo , it had clear sticky tape over the top of the cap . When I pulled it off , the cap came completely off . I had to put the shampoo in another bottle to be able to use it . Shampoo is great , but packaging was poorly done .
 I was really excited to find Pureology Purevolume on Amazon at such a great price because it 's my go to shampoo that I 've been using for ever ! But this is HORRIBLE . First of all , it 's advertised that they will send you a 10 oz Shampoo & 8.5 oz conditioner as a deal . OK , great , I ordered it . I was so disappointed when I received it because they sent me both bottles in the 8.5 oz size . I contacted the seller which is ` Deals on Demand ' they basically said it was the manufacturers fault because they changed their product sizes and they did n't update them to reflect on Amazon . So they gave me a refund for the difference of the price in sizes . Ok , no big deal I was fine with the solution they gave me . THEN ... I opened up the bottle of shampoo for my first use and it smelled HORRIBLE . I should have had noticed before , but the shampoo bottle did not have the usual sticker that seals the bottle like the conditioner did . You could definitely tell it was watered down , or tampered with . PLEASE DO NOT buy shampoo from them . It is FAKE . At least , the conditioner was real and smelled lovely and worked just as lovely . Which is the only reason I gave this review a 2nd star . But the shampoo . . UGH so sad .
 Hello ... I do not understand why my perfume came without box . And the smell is not the same , the smell is strange .
 Did not smell in any way similar to magazine samples . Almost no scent . Very weak !!! Would not purchase from this perfume source again .
 I love this scent , but when I compare this new bottle to the one of old it is not the same . Kudos to the rest of the people trying to warn others ! The scent is fantastic , assuming that it is real , but this product is not !
 It is difficult to give an objective review on this , because I strongly believe I got a fake perfume from fragrancevilla . It was suppose to me a belated birthday gift which was ruined . I promptly requested a refund from this company . There is absolutely no label on the bottle -LRB- which is the case -RRB- but the the cap carried no label either -RRB- . refrain from buying perfumes with no label . they are very easy to imitate . Furthermore , the perfume smells quite different from the scents at the department stores . Smelt like very cheap perfume and had a repulsive scent . I threw it in the garbage to express my disgust at this purchase .
 I boougth this item for almost thesame price at store but it was alittle cheaper due to non tax pay . Ones I get i tryied and loks non similar like the the one that try at the closer mall.next the I tried one side one with mall perfume and its different . the one that I get avaporate after an hour .
 I do n't care for this one . Gave as a Christmas Gift to a friend who LOVES IT ... Different Strokes for Different Folks ... Not for me
 Thought this was the same perfume I 'd worn for the past 12 years , but at a reduced price . Whatever this is , it 's not the original and does not carry the same scent all day as did the previous bottles I 've paid full price for , so I 'm disapppointed and wo n't order it again .
 As directed . I expressed my dissatisfaction to the vendor . As a long time user of this Eau de Parfum , I was pleased to acquire it at an economical price . The scent I received was weak and not the fragrance as fully developed as I am accustomed to . I expressed my concern about the shelf life of the product I received . The vendor assured me that they receive shipments routinely from L'Oreal -LRB- ?? -RRB- and there was not a problem with shelf life , further suggesting that I compare the product they shipped with a similar product in my local department store , offering a refund if I was still dissatisfied and returned their shipped parfum . In fact , I did that . There was a substantial difference ... and I was careful to be comparing with the Eau de Parfum , not the parfum . At that point , I decided it was not worth the time and inconvenience to return my bottle . I will just consider it a lesson learned about reduced priced perfumes . THEY DO HAVE A SHELF LIFE AND HOW THEY ARE HANDLED DOES MATTER .
 I waited for almost a month for the item , but never received it nor did I receive information on what happened to the item . No appologies . Instead of crediting back to my credit card account , Amazon gave me a store credit which is unfair as I prefer the money back and it was not my fault the item never got sent to me .
 I bought this from the `` Designer Shop '' for my wife and at the same time she received a box set from Macy 's and right away we both noticed quite a few differences.The Macy 's set had a much more rich and complex smell as compared to this product having a more washed out alcohol heavy smell , the Macy 's bottle construction quality was far superior and even the color of the box was a slightly different shade.So in all I 'm very disappointed and believe that this product is a cheap knock off .
 I bought this perfume based on the high reviews . And I must say , I am very disappointed . I have worn this perfume for years -LRB- since it first came out -RRB- and my sniffer does n't deceive me.This product smells like a cheap , knock off imitation . It does n't have the soft yet lasting smell like the ones I 've bought from department stores.This is disappointing because I have always had good results from amazon . But with perfume , you are truly taking a chance when you buy them on-line because you can never be sure what you get.Don ' t waste your time here .
 This has been my favorite so i knew right away that this was not right . The scent was a fraction of what i have bought in the Department store and what scent it has wears off in less than a minute . This seems to be a knock off and i would n't waste my money . I was supremely disappointed .
 Update : When I bought , amazon.com was the actual seller . Most of the time though another vendor is the seller . To check for yourself look at the listing where it says `` Sold by XXXX '' . If it does n't say `` Ships from and sold by amazon.com '' I would NOT advise buying this product . I 've even rec 'd comments on my review from others that note people are still receiving knockoffs occasionally.Buyer beware . I lucked out , but at such a high price it 's really not worth the risk . -------- At the time I 'm writing this review -LRB- 6/25/11 -RRB- , the top three reviews unanimously claim this product to be a knockoff . That is currently not true .1 -RRB- Apparently this used to be sold by `` Designer Shop '' in the past on amazon as a third-party seller and the reviews carried over even though the seller is now amazon . Designer Shop is NOT the seller anymore . Please note that it currently `` Ships from and sold by Amazon.com '' . -LRB- You can see this at the top of the page below the size selection boxes . -RRB- 2 -RRB- People are correct that knockoffs of this fragrance do NOT smell very similar . Pretty much anyone can tell the difference on this one and fakes lose that `` something '' about this scent . -LRB- We actually intentionally bought a knockoff a while back to see if we could save money since this is so pricey ... it unfortunately did n't compare to the real thing and we tossed it . -RRB- 3 -RRB- As # 3 hints at , my wife uses this perfume regularly and knows the difference . The product being sold at this point in time is genuine.I almost did n't buy from amazon out of fear for a fake . I 'm glad I took the chance . Looking at the reviews , the ones claiming it to be fake are very few -LRB- only 4 -RRB- and there are ten times as many reviews that love it ... the bad ones are just unfortunately at the top / voted helpful the most.On another note , my review of the scent/perfume itself
 the nivea Nivea for Men Skin Essentials Protective Lotion is a comparable product thats less than half the price . All the active ingredients listed in this product are just UVA and UVB protective ingredeints . The nivea product i recommend above his most of the same ingredients and much more . In terms of my research based on the ingredients , the nivea product is cheaper and better . Also , they feel the same on the skin for me.Nivea for Men Skin Essentials Protective Lotion , SPF 15 , Normal to Dry Skin , 2.5-Ounce Tubes -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB-
 The soap was very irritating to my skin , it made my skin itch & break out , it made my skin very dry , I have combination skin , and thought to give this soap a Try , I will not purchase again ! for my skin there was no benefits !
 This was a gift I ordered and did n't know that it was different from what I ordered until my sister-in-law told me . I contacted the company twice about sending it back , and they never responded . So , my sister-in-law kept it and I bought her another gift , as well . Very disappointed in the fact that the company just never responded .
 I do n't like that scent . The other Mariella scents are much better but now you can not get them and if you find them they are sooooo outrageous . What is going on ?
 The serum feels nice on your face , not as nice as others but nice enough . However , I do n't notice it is helping much and I 've used it maybe six times at the most and it is just about gone . Each time I used enough to fill a pea and it is almost gone ! Definitely wo n't be buying again .
 First I have to admit that if you use serum on your hair , this is a great bargain . You get ALOT for what you pay for , and it works great . Unfortunately , I probably wo n't be buying this product again . Why , you ask ? Well , it stinks to high heaven . It is n't that this product smells at all , it 's what it smells like . If you want a preview of its scent , just go inside a men 's locker room , grab a pair of very dirty gym shorts or socks and put them on your face . This product smells exactly like that . The problem is , once you put it in your hair , that 's what your hair smells like too . I had to stop using it , because I just could n't tolerate the smell . Now I know why this product is so hard to find -- I think Tigi is too embarrassed to sell it anywhere else.BTW , it 's not like I have a sensitive nose . Actually , I have almost no sense of smell . So I can only imagine what it would smell like to someone with a sensitive nose . In short , I can only recommend this product to someone with frizzy hair and ca n't smell anything at all .
 The lotion does smell like banana , but it is so cheap and runny ! No moisturizing properties at all - so thin , it has the consistency of water . I 've found all products I 've tried by Circle of Friends to be inferior , cheaply made , and overpriced . The concept is cute , but make a decent product !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have been using DCL moisturizer 20 lotion for years now . Love it . The description stated that this gel would help dry skin ... Wrong ... It actually dries my face . MISTAKE ... I am returning this product .
 I bought this in my ongoing quest to find a permanent solution for my KP . Long story short , I have n't seen any results . It has n't made my KP worse , which gets a star in my book , but I have seen no positive changes . I have used it for about a month so I will reevaluate after i finish the bottle , but as it stands now - this will not be repurchased .
 sadly , this product had a 2007 expiration date . I basically paid top dollar for an unusable product . I will never purchase from this vendor again .
 I see many great reviews for this product , which leaves me scratching my head and feeling a tad guilty for what I am about to write here but ... as far as resurfacing and exfoliation goes , there are much better options out there . Matter of fact , the same results would be achieved by using an inexpensive exfoliating scrub . This product does n't even come close to other peels , esp . those containing beneficial and safe amounts of acids within this same price range . Not sure what `` CelluZyme technology '' consists of formulation wise but it is n't making me do cartwheels in excitement for this product or its claims , that 's for sure . This is more like a really expensive facial toner I 'd say.The price is not justified at all considering what it does-or rather does not - accomplish .
 I have been using this for about 3 months now , but I do n't really see any differences .
 I had some acne scarring and bought this product hoping it would help . Not only did it do nothing for my scars it also made my pores look huge . Buying this facial peel was a HUGE MISTAKE ! Do n't waste your money on this facial peel .
 Been using this one to two times a week for over a month now and it has n't done a thing . It barely stings when I put it on . It has a slight grainy texture so you get a little exfoliating action when you wash it off so that 's good . It does n't smell terrible at all . But it was definitely not worth that $ 30-some-odd I spent on it . No peeling afterwards ... a whole lot of nothing , and my skin still looks the same
 I had high hopes for this product as I LOVE the Bumble and Bumble line and I also LOVE what the ocean water and air do to my hair . Unfortunately this product does not recreate the effects of the ocean as it claims but instead left my hair sticky , hard and completely unmanageable .
 I am giving two stars because this product does give my hair a textured look , but the negatives far outweigh the positives . Negatives include dull color , dry damaged hair that feels like straw , and frizzy fly aways .
 I have a tons fine , naturally wavy hair . I like the wilder waves my hair takes on at the beach , so I figured this would be fun to try.It did not work at all . The salt left my hair feeling dry -LRB- my hair usually feels smooth and soft -RRB- and my hair looked frizzier than it does after I 've walked through a rainstorm.I usually love Bumble and Bumble products -- I use their curl cream and `` defrizz '' every time I get out of the shower -- but this fell way short of my expectations . Definitely not worth the money spent . Take the money you do n't spend on this product and use it on a beach vacation !
 I paid 53 $ and was charged 85 $ . No possible way I can find to let anyone know except to return and get a refund . Then find someone honest enough to sell something that goes for the advertised price . This purchse was a robbery . I 'd send it back but it was a gift .
 I have liked their other scents and bought this without first sniffing it . It is very strong and has a bathroom air freshner smell about it . I have yet to use it not sure what to do with it . Sorry ... this one did not do it for me .
 Yes , i got the product on time . But , I have my doubts on whether this was the original perfume . Perhaps it is but has been sitting in the store for a long time ... It just smelled a bit different from the original -LRB- hard to find in America ... -RRB-
 This is -LRB- or better saying was -RRB- my most favorite scent of all ... since my early 20s ... then suddenly this last bottle caused me terrible allergies ... horrible headaches . Tested agai and again after some days without use it and there it was , terrible headaches due to allergies ... which never ever happened before.There is something different in the perfum , some ingredient that kinda `` irritates '' the nose.I contacted cacharel to find out that the product is not produced in US anymore , just somewhere in Europe ... and therefore US Cacharel could not give me any info on how or if the ingredients were changed ... So unfortunatelly will not be purchasing Eden anymore ... after being my most favorite perfum for almost 20 years !
 I have used &#34; Eau de Eden &#34; by Cacharel for over 15 years . It smells like a fresh spring/summer day and made me feel happy ! Because I can no longer find &#34; Eau de Eden &#34; I decided to try &#34; Eden &#34; . I thought , same manufacture , similar names could not be too different , right ? I could n't be more disappointed . &#34; Eden &#34; -LRB- I am very sorry for those how like it -RRB- for me smells like old lady , old things , makes me feel depressed and gives me a headache .
 I was so looking forward to receiving my all time favorite fragrance and this is NOT the same formula . I want to cry as they somehow changed the notes and it does n't have the same smell ; for me it is actually a little nauseating but then perhaps it is only that I want to be sick because of my disappointment . I will be looking for a new fragrance and am so ticked at Cacharel for switching things up . It smells kind of cheap .
 I have not received yet this item . Please , a need information abou this . This order is too old . Please write me to leticiaqp24@yahoo.es mi order
 The delivery and service were great . Sadly the product was not good for me . I became terribly allergic and developed blisters everywhere !
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 nothing special and it does n't hold and suds the soap very well .
 I purchased Romance Silver solely on the reviews for it and it smelled very good at first , but there is a problem with it . It does not last and more importantly ; I am tired of it . I have never used a cologne and had the feeling that I was forcing myself to use it . I really do not want to smell it anymore . It has become like an air freshener that we use in bathrooms ; I only use it when someone stinks in my car . I have purchased other colognes based on reviews - such as Avatar by Coty which smells like the cologne they sell at the dollar store - but I felt this one needs to be blasted properly since it is a rather famous brand.My advice to people , do not buy colognes based on positive reviews , even if there are 24 reviews and they are all 5 star reviews . Once in a while the reviews will be accurate , but many times you will get stuck with something you are not happy with . Buy samples from Ebay if you are really interested in smelling a brand or go to Macy 's or Kohls and test the colognes they have there . I really hope this review saves people money because I hate to buy something and then be disappointed with it . There are good colognes out there such as Nautica Voyage or Chrome Azzaro but I still recommend you smell a tester if you have no idea how they smell .
 Bought this for my boyfriend for Christmas . Was extremely dissapointed when he opened it and smelt it - smells very woody . It is fake and is not the original . DO NOT BUY THIS !!!
 Romance Silver is a very generic scent , you 've smelled this before . To me it smells much like most other scented men 's products like shaving cream , deodorant , etc. . A very linear light , fresh , crisp , scent . That being said , it 's not bad . They did a good job creating and fine tuning a basic fragrance , just at a price of around $ 1 per mL you would expect a more complex cologne . Smelling this fragrance brings back memories of high school for me . Not a bad thing , but just not what I 'm looking for , definitely a fragrance for the young crowd.If you 're looking for a basic , crisp , clean , fresh scent and can afford it , then this product may be good for you . If you 're looking for a refined , mature , complex fragrance keep looking . I 'm not a fan of this cologne .
 It looks like a good idea , but really is n't . Get a brush with a long handle . The brush is more versatile , and easy to maintain . This thing is n't convenient to store , and I found it a little too abrasive . I like my bath brush and sea sponge so much better than this thing .
 I was inclined to buy this belt scrubber because it was made from natural fibers , etc. . But I had to throw it away after less than one month because it started gowing mildew . Unlike a sponge which you could sqeeze to keep it fairly dry after use , the fibers in this belt scrubber are really coarse and retain a lot of water . There was no easy way to dry it out between uses , so the mildew grew and grew .
 I ordered this kit for my girlfriend who has many tattoos . She was just hired for a sales position that would require her to cover her tats with clothing . She has a large chest piece and a large tattoo on her forearm . We bought this so she could wear a shirt other than a high collar or long sleeve . This product did not work for her at all . She applied the base and then 4 applications of the actual cover up and her arm tattoo was still completely visible , just slightly faded or less colorful . This did not cover the tattoo at all . And reading other reviews just to be clear , she is very experienced with makeup and is not user error . We were extremely hopeful this would allow her to use more of her clothes at work so tried several times to make this product work . It also rubbed off on her clothing . Basically this product did nothing it said it would . ALSO , even if the product would have worked , we paid $ 33.95 for the kit , and while it does come in a cool mini lunchbox , it is a SAMPLE kit . There is even a note inside that says `` We offer all our products in full sizes also ! '' Really ? 34 dollars for a sample kit that does not even work ??? Trust me , move on to the next product . We are going to try something else , so save your money and skip this one .
 If you order this kit , make sure you have time to practice with it ! It takes several practice applications to get the shade just right . While it does cover completely , it is not flawless . You can tell that you 've covered something up on your skin . If it 's not a big deal , you might just want to leave your tattoo visible instead of having a big discolored spot or have someone who is really good with colors and makeup cover it for you with this kit .
 It could cover the tattoo , but after while , it fails . Not fully invisible .
 I used this product EXACTLY as described . I found that it was excruciatingly hot and not effective at all on my skin . After trying the ThermaClear , I still have a monster pimple on my face .
 My skin started breaking out after getting pregnant . I did n't want to use any chemicals on my skin -LRB- even though some are considered to be safe during pregnancy -RRB- , so I purchased this item . I used the device exactly as directed throughout my first trimester and partially in my second trimester . Honestly you get used to the pain quickly and pain was not a big issue for me . The issue was that it did n't help healing a single pimple -LRB- and I have mostly light acne -RRB- . The device is supposed to heal acne faster if used when you feel it first before it emerges but that did n't work either and the ones I tried became pimples at around the normal maturation time . I stopped using this device and do not recommend it at all .
 Thermaclear just did n't work well for me . I do n't have serious acne , just the occasional breakout . I used as directed -LRB- and sometimes more -RRB- , yet it does n't seem to help . Plus , it 's kind of painful - I still have to force myself to press the zap button .
 I do n't really have a bad acne problem on my face , if anything , I get it more on my body from sweat and in spots where my bra straps are . But , I do on occasion get a run of the mill zit here and there on my chin or face . I decided to buy it upon seeing it because I just could not invest into a Zeno and have to deal with replacement tips if it did not work well . I had this about a month , not really that impressed . Some of my body acne comes in the form of the really large , under the skin kind , which I realize it may not be best for . But , small ones on my face , I got ta say , it really did n't make much of a dent or prevent any from erupting further , so , I can say I have not seen much of a miracle for me . I used it on one I felt coming on right away and its now full blown , will be curious to see what it does now that its here , but prevent it from becoming full blown , nope . Also , I had some smaller zits on my shoulders and I really could not tell if they went away from time or due to this unit . The jury is still out , I think it might help me a tad , but not a miracle unit . Its nice that you do n't have any tips to deal with , time will tell , glad it works for some . Really not wonderful for me , and , I have a high tolerance for pain and even I dread the zap on some spots , its a jolt a times so if you are a sissy - beware !!! If I worked , I would say the short pain is worth it , so far I am not doing backflips over my results with any of my issues . Bummer ... Months later ... Have had a few different kind of flare ups , do n't get them too often thank goodness , but device still seems like it does not really make any noticable change to me , no matter what the type of blemish it is . I am sure to catch it as soon as I feel it coming on and no luck . Even very small ones , so I am baffled as to where people are seeing this miracle fix , in a few cases , I seemed to have a worse time with use . I follow the timeframe and useage guide and no miracles to report here . It seemed to good to be true . Glad its helping someone , if I could get my $ 150 back I would return .
 I received this product as a gift . After using it , I felt people needed to know a couple things about it . First , I could not hold the Thermaclear on my face for more than 1 second because it hurt so bad -LRB- it felt like I was being shocked -RRB- ! Afterwards , I found out through a USA Today Article that it heats up to over 200 + Degrees -LRB- not safe ! -RRB- ! Needless to say , it did not get rid of my pimple -LRB- it got worse -RRB- and I had a red mark on my face for over a week . I do not recommend this product .
 Didnt cover any of my tatts , from red to black to purple.I will just have to wear boots and long sleeves
 This product was not at all what I expected . The description was very poor so I was n't completely sure . However , they were way to small for my hands . Buy yourself some cheap $ .99 winter gloves from the dollar store before you waste your money on these .
 I tried these gloves for several nights . Each night I lathered with a moisturizer lotion and then put on the gloves - they did not work.The gloves are poorly made .
 These gloves were bought for treatment for eczema , so I could put an abundance of cream on wrists and hands then go to bed . The wrist length is way too short and the wrist opening is too large and does not sit snug on the skin/wrist , therefore making these gloves useless to protect the wrists over night wear . Maybe if you just want cream on your finger tips and palms of the hands they might work for you , but you will not have any protection at all for your wrists . I have not worn them yet to see if they stay on all night , as they are useless for what I need them for .
 These gloves are of low quality , the fabric is very thin and even though they fit my hand they wo n't stay on . I am returning them for credit and I have to pay the return postage .
 The seller is great to work with.That being said , the quality of these particular gloves is not very high in my opinion . They are thin and cheaply made . They do not look like they would hold up to more than a couple of hand washings at best.According to the seller the fabric has been changed on the Spa Sister 100 % cotton white gloves.The seller settled with me in a satisfactory manner .
 I was very surprised to see them . Very thin . I needed them because I want to use them overnight when I put special moisturizer on my hands . They are just too thin ...
 These gloves are thin thin thin , with very long fingers and a very tiny palm . The minute I put them on , I felt like my joints were constricted and the space between fingers was far too small . Do n't bother with them . They would n't last a washing , either .
 I received this item new . However , the stitches were already coming apart and the material is very thin . I 've had much better moisture gloves for the same price .
 These gloves are terrible . They are way too thin and come apart at the seams easily . Terrible product!Spa Sister White Cotton Overnight Moisture Gloves
 I bought these gloves because I urgently needed another pair of moisture gloves
 If your hair has any dye or bleach in it -LRB- does n't matter if it 's been there for a while -RRB- then it WILL break . It will look like you literally fried your hair . Otherwise it seems like it might be ok to use.It 's a problem for me just because I have bleach in my hair and like to dye it a lot . Oh well ...
 The fragrance is mildly unpleasant . It made my hair soft and untangled . The big disappointment was that it did not give my fine , naturally blond hair a fuller texture as advertized . I 've tried many and this does n't perform any better than products costing a fraction of the price . Save your money .
 did not like the smellit did not leave my hair soft and shinylike the for color treated hair product more
 I have fine , straight , long , smooth hair , and when I used this product with the Fekkai Full Volume Shampoo , it left my hair feeling clumpy , sticky , and almost brittle . I used it once , and the entire day I felt like my hair was tangled , and when I 'd run my hands through it , my hair felt sticky . -LRB- And yes , I rinsed well ; I have fine hair and make it a point to rinse well every day . -RRB- I would n't recommend this product to someone with a similar hair type .
 Bought this after first trying Fekkai Glossing Shampoo/Conditioner . What a difference . The glossing set left my hair feeling silky smooth ! Smoother than ever before . I used another brand of mousse for body and I was sssssatisfied . Not with this product . It leaves my hair frizzy . No body , not manageable , just frizzy . I 'm giving it away to a friend who recommended it .
 I like that the product description 's first sentence is `` who 's it for ? '' because I was n't sure after using it . I have no idea why it has such a strong , musky smell -LRB- like Old Spice -RRB- . For the amount of money it cost - I expected it to be flawless . It does make your hair feel weightless , but unless you love to smell like your man 's aftershave or deodorant ... I suggest you save your money and avoid this product .
 This lotion is not going to help you to receive the darkest color . I recommend Designer Skins Bronze Camo .
 I purchased this because it had been recently discontinued & hard to find . What I was sent was an already expired product that was gross looking ! EWWWWW !
 This product did n't work exceptionally well , and quite honestly , the fishy odor that it has is horrendous . Would n't recommend .
 It 's simply a hairspray , nothing special about it . If you really think this hair spray has a different chemical to bond to the toppik better then purchase it . I would compare this hair spray with any other strong hold hair spray you can buy anywhere . I do n't want to burst your bubble and say Santa do n't exist . I was one of those guys dooped thinking this hair spray was different . Save your money and just use your existing hair spray . Honestly , I want my money back but I already paid for the dumb shipping and handling fee so I 'm stuck with it . Anyone want a buy a used Toppik Hairspray ?
 I just bought the Toppik fibers and spray today and used for the first time . I am a woman with thinning hair , and I must say that I am very pleased with the results . BUT , the spray STINKS !!! It has such an overwhelmingly strong smell that I do n't plan on using it again - I do n't understand why the manufacturer found it necessary to make it scented at all ... I ca n't believe that men use this and can tolerate it -LRB- or that their girlfriends/wives can stand it ! -RRB- . Unfortunately , the company website has no way of contacting them via email , and since I ca n't call them while I 'm at work , I 'm stuck making my comments on this review.I wo n't be buying the spray again , and will just use my regular unscented hairspray to hold the fibers in place .
 First off , the Toppik Fibers are a great product and I could n't be more satisfied . However , the `` Fiberhold Spray '' is just like any other strong hairspray . I 'm a guy with long hair , so it 's somewhat inconvenient for me to use hairspray -LRB- I normally leave it natural -RRB- . I found that the moisture of the hairspray made the fibers actually clump more , so I stopped using it after a week and I 've had no problems with the fibers . The most disappointing aspect of this product is it 's alcohol-based , which can dry the shafts out and make your hair break easier -LRB- not to mention it burns my sensitive scalp -RRB- . Hairspray would be good for activities where you 'll sweat , but I 'd recommend using a non-alcohol spray .
 Honestly , did n't see a big difference when I used the fibers without the spray . I just add a little spritz to my hair .
 This is no better than any other hair spray . Just buy some generic spray on sale at the drug store . The Toppik fibers , hair fattener and pump attachment are really good products .
 The Sisal glove is reasonably priced for short term use . It conforms nicely to your hand and performs well to exfoliate places a normal back brush does n't do well , such as arms , legs , etc.The problem is that if you leave it in your shower or bath caddy and it stays damp it turns colors in about a week . Also the glove had an earthy `` hay '' smell to it even after several uses . Natural/organic products are prone to natural processes . Oh well .
 I could not wait to receive it but it gave me a headache and did not smell favorably on me . Passed it on to a friend and she was also turned off by the scent . Ended up in the garbage .
 This prduct is OK , but just OK . Think about it
 the original color was excellent , how ever , the product said it was permanant and after 3 washes the color was really faded and what was left was just a crummy brownish orange .
 Thr buffer that comes with this product does not work !! And the cream has a horrible smell . I do not recommend this product !!!
 Ordered this because it was the 3.53 ounce container . Future City Plus sent me the 3.0 ounce one instead .
 When I got this from `` winksllc '' the product was dried out in it 's container , making it impossible and at best , difficult to use . I do n't know how his seller 's rating is not in the negative value for taking people like this . I guess in an economy like this he thinks it 's justifiable to cut corners such as product quality , but he forgets that the rest of us do n't have money to give away for junk like this because of the aforementioned economy as well . I have to mind how I word things in order to not incur the wrath of site moderators , but just mind what I said
 This product died my hair red , and not purple , as advertised . I have light brown hair , so if your hair color is similar , stay away from this product , unless you want Ronald McDonald red .
 I was very excited when I first saw this product online and when I received it in the mail . However , my excitement quickly turned to disappointment after using the product . I ordered two boxes and used both on my hair . My hair did NOT look anything like the color shown on the box , it did n't even come close . I would not recommend this hair color if you have dark blonde hair -LRB- one of the recommended hair colors -RRB- as it turns more of a dark red than a nice shade of plum .
 Terrible product . Only lasts for a couple hours . Creates bad body odor . I recommend Polo Blue deodorant instead .
 For some reason , I am not impressed with this product and the smell does n't last , as if it is not real -LRB- authentic -RRB- . I thought about returning it to Amazon , but I was embarrassed to do so and kept it .
 This is my first and last time buying Zegna online . The original product is great and gets a lot of compliments . My bottle does not bare the logo of Zegna on it and the smell is different from what I had before . Just be careful .
 When I first started using this product I was really excited , I put it on and my stretch marks appeared to fade away , however , as soon as the lotion has soaked into the skin the stretch marks reappear . This product actually seems to be making my stretch marks worse . They may seem smoother but they are getting darker in color and appear to be spreading . My husband even says that before I bought this cream , he could n't see the marks but now he can . I do not believe I will buy this item again .
 I bought this for stretch marks on my thighs due to weight gain . I used pretty consistently and have seen no difference . It was recommended to me by a friend and I 've been disappointed by it . I dont ' know if it would work better on the tummy , but I read that it is ideal for weight gain . I wo n't buy it again for my thighs .
 It 's a nice moisturizer and it smells ok but it did not work for me after using it for over two months . My stretch marks are not from pregnancy and they are over a year old but I read some reviews from people in similar situations that had positive results so I figured I would give it a try . However , it 's just lotion , that 's all .
 My stretch mark was light , I used the cream twice a day for one month , but it did not work at all for me .
 ive ordered this product twice . the first time i used it i didnt notice a big difference in the appearance of my stretch marks . it did leave my skin really smooth and soft so i decided to order the product again and follow the direction . the second time around i notice my stretch marks werent as dark but it really wasnt a big difference i will not be ordering this product again .
 well i got this like 2 months ago because i got some pretty noticable stretch marks in my back and i applied it everyday once or twice a day but it did not do anything for me . maybe it just works on tummys like it says . i wish i could get my money back or something .
 I bought this product because others ' great review . But kinda disappointed about the result . I only notice my skin a bit smoother than before . Those stretch mark cause by weight loss still hanging around my tummy . If this product lower its price , I will consider use it as my daily moisturzer .
 I bought this product because of all the great reviews . I used it all through out my pregnancy every day twice a day . Did n't work ... I started seeing stretch marks on my sides and belly . Plus I used it on my stretch marks I had before , wanted them to fade . . no luck .
 Im on my third bottle in 6 weeks in hopes that it will work , I use it religiously and no fading thus far - I would n't expect any miracles
 Not the same product as the one offered seasonally at Christmas ... different bottle , different smell . Do not like it , disappointed with product .
 I purchased this perfume hoping to save some $ 's , but I have to say that it does n't smell so great . Very dry and powdery scent . Not at all what I expected . I did n't like Charlie when it came out because everyone was wearing it and it was cheap drugstore perfume . Over the past few years I have complimented women on their perfume and when I asked what it was they told me , `` Charlie '' . Now I will try and find a sample of the original .
 I expected the same fragrance as the original Charlie White . This is not ! The perfume STINKS and I can not even wear it . I 'll end up throwing the bottle away as I 've thrown out the packing slip and ca n't return it .
 This is a white wash version of Charlie ... I have used Charlie for my years in the past so i know how powerful and lasting the Charlie scent is ... This one is the total opposite ... Charlie by revlon is no longer a brand ... wasted my money
 I brought 2 bottles of this spray . They do not smell like the ones I buy at local stores . The first bottle sprayer now does not even spray out . I just through it away . The 2nd bottle is still in the box . It smells awful . I usally wear this cologne everyday . I no longer can stand it .
 I ordered this for my wife , who was looking for particular color -LRB- Translucent Deep -RRB- and the set had to contain a brush instead of a sponge . The perfect match for her was Revlon Age Defying Translucent Finishing Powder -LRB- color - Translucent Deep -RRB- so as she knew that this product is not in production anymore , she was really glad that I managed to find in in US . However , when she finally received the package , she was severely disappointed to find that she got completely different product , i.e. she ordered Translucent finishing powder with Translucent deep color , but got Skin smoothing powder with Fresh ivory color . For me , as a guy , it 's not a big deal , but women have different priorities , so her disappointment eventually effects me too.NOW I HAVE A HELL AT HOME , AND THAT 'S NOT SOMETHING YOU EXPECT FROM COMPANY THAT PROMISES TO DELIVER GOODS .
 Does not have the fragrance of 200 strength concentrate cologne . I have used this product for over 20 years , I know what it should smell like , the bottle I received is more like 100 or 80 strength , very disappointed .
 I understand that mistakes can happen , but I had my order cancelled because the perfume was n't in stock , and when I search amazon for another buyer , this one is still coming up as IN STOCK . rude ... especially when you are counting on Christmas presents !
 Got the spray for my daughter , turned her skin orange , I wouldent waist my money . . Suggest lotion probable cover the skin better
 Goes on great and even . Strong Dha smell though and a bit sticky . The color is subtle which would make it hard to screw up . Not the worst but not the best .
 I bought this product about a week ago , I already have an natural orange undertone to my skin so I was afraid I was going to be really orange . It did n't turn me orange , but it did n't turn me tan either . I put thick coats on every day and I have seen nothing , no change , no tan ... nothing .
 Despite following the directions to a t , i ended up with streaky , blotchy skin . What a rip off ! I am going back to Jergen 's natural glow , it 's much more natural looking .
 Ok , so when i bought this i had high hopes for it . I brought it home and took a shower and exfloiated like you 're supposed to . I sprayed it and waited a couple hours . There was absolutely no color change in my skin tone . I 'm a natural redhead so i have the dreadful pasty white skin . I thought mabey if i sprayed it again i could see some color . Nope . I sprayed it a third time the next day and i still did n't notice a change in color . The smell gags you and it feels sticky on your skin . The only color that i got was on the bottom of my feet . I did n't even realize that i sprayed some on my bathroom floor and stepped on it so the next day my feet were bright orange . Eww.I had wasted about half the can on three applications . I just threw it away because that 's where this product belongs . In the trash .
 DEFECTIVE CANS , MANF REFUSES TO EXCHANGE AND IS RUDE . boycott this and buy something for a customer service oriented company instead .
 Very disappointed . The bottle container stop working after on a few sprays . Not worth the time or money to send it back
 This product is only 1 fl oz . I 'm going to have to figure out how to return it -LRB- or maybe just have them send me 2 more -RRB- . I obviously have n't tried the product yet ; if I do , I 'll add to my review .
 I did not like the product . Givenchy had a great product called Xeryus . Then they changed the formula and it was terrible !
 Absolutely not what I expected from them very cheap scent . Previous red and blue labels were nicely done .
 Compre el producto por la publicidad que se le ha dado ; luego de ello me arrepent&iacute; ya que no huele tan bien como lo esperaba.Hubiera preferido haber gastado mi dinero en Hugo Boss o algo asi .
 you can tell they had a good idea with what they wanted to pull off . and every other givenchy scent ive ever smelled , has been at least better than average . pi and pi neo are great IMO.but the desire didnt translate and this fragrance is pretty much a flop . ive had my nose over much worse , but i wouldnt buy this . however , it doesnt smell cheap .
 I bought this without first smelling it based upon a recommendation from someone . The stuff stinks . It smells like rotten coffee poured on someone wearing too much cheap cologne . I threw it away . It is gaggingly bad . I do n't know how they can call this cologne . The bottle is the only thing worth anything .
 Seller charged my credit card 2 months ago and still has not shipped the items I ordered . They do not respond to e-mails or phone calls . I had to file a credit card dispute to obtain my money back . I have reported them to the Better Business Bureau .
 I have been using this product for the past three weeks and I have not seen any results I am not impressed with the product in anyway . I bought the product because of the review but it is not working for me thus far , so it 's affordable but not worth it .
 The product did not seem to do anything except make my money disappear . The cream was refreshing when you first put it on , but that is all that I could see .
 I have used this product for over 2 years now , but when I received these 2 caldrea hand balms , in the ginger pomelo scent that I 've been used to , I was sorely disappointed by the scent . This is completely unlike the scent it says it is on the bottle . I 'm not sure if these are just old , and have lost their fresh smell , but I do know it 's just not right . I 'm not satisfied with this purchase , but I will not return it because I 've already opened both bottles after the first one was bad . I will not purchase this again from this website .
 The black one has a very strong smell that 's more like a heavy artillery fuel . My wife hates it and it 's not my preferred .
 I purchased this because several articles online said that it would dramatically improve conjunctivitis in a cat due to chronic herpes.It did n't do anything , even though it was the cat 's only water source for about 4 weeks.On the other hand , antiviral eye drops did help.So , the long and short about Willard 's water is ... if it sounds too good to be true , it probably is !
 Historically used as a cure-all or panacea , however there are no proven pharmacological effects of Willard Water . In the past , it has been used as an industrial cleanser . The FDA does not recognize Willard Water as safe or effective.From -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The item itself looks great , but do n't smell it . It smells absolutely horrible . I 'm throwing away the one that i ordered because there is no way i would let my child walk around smelling like that . It burned my nose ... do n't waste your money on this , you will be very disapointed .
 I bought this with a kit . This stuff was just not worth it to me . But unlike the others I can not stand the smell . It is very strong and gave me a headache so I could not really leave it on that long . My scalp did feel conditioned though . But if you are sensitive to strong smells be aware that this stuff may bother you .
 I have been using this oil for the past six months or so since my hair was in a bad shape . There are some visible areas on my scalp where there has been a considerable hair loss . I was very diligent in my use of complexe 5 oil , but thus far have not seen any effects . In fact , I have experienced further hair loss . I understand that there are several reasons for one 's hair loss , and may not be treatable by any one product , but I think this product is overrated and very pricey for what it claims to accomplish ; it did not live up to its promise . This is like any other hair oil and may be substituted with other cheap , affordable alternatives such as olive oil , coconut oil , jojoba oil , almond oil , etc. .
 This product felt like it was burning my scalp when it was on a couple minutes . Got worse with water And I had to rinse a lot until I could get it alll out and the burning stopped . I do n't have sensitive skin and have a pretty tough scalp And this was a miserable experience . hope I can get my money back .
 The seller has sent me the wrong items , which are two bottles of complexe5 with essential oils -LRB- $ 42x2 = $ 84 -RRB- that are cheaper than the two bottles of complexe5 that I had paid for -LRB- $ 45x2 = $ 90 -RRB- .
 Hi have been an avid Bobbi Brown makeup user for many years . Until this last year . I purchased 4 lipsticks in the last 7 months & they all broke in half immediately on the first use . I never had this problem in the past & can only assume Bobbi Brown is using a new manufacturer of her products , and , or someone is not paying attention to how they are making the lipstick . I was also very disappointed with the low quality brush which came with the tube of shimmering lip gloss , Both of these products were below the standards I was used to with Bobbi Brown products . I do however continue to use her face & eye cream .
 After reading a lot of reviews I ordered this online , the color is okay.Not great actually dull . It 's not moisturizing . Like mac 's creme sheen or anything . I would not buy it again , for sure . My lips were so dry , and the product did n't last long . I 've tried a lot of lipsticks . So far you get your moneys worth from MAC . And a few department store brands as well .
 I must admit this does work well , however it has an intensely strong cologne smell to it that is almost impossible to mask unless you wash it out .
 i bought this because it got really great reviews , but no matter what formula i use -LRB- base coat/topcoat/timing -RRB- , its too soft , and easily smudges . It also chips just as bad as $ 1 Brucci . Worse actually . I 'm not impressed
 As I mentioned with the other Zoya color , Regean , this color is nice , but it 's not OPI ! They lack shine and consistency . The product started out okay , but I found that the more I exposed the brush to the air , the polish started to thicken and clump . It 's added to the polish trash pile !
 I purchased a nail polish from Zoya 's website several months ago . I tested it on just one finger -LRB- my thumb nail -RRB- , it was a tiny bit clumpy , I just figured it needed to be shaken more next time before using it . I sealed up the bottle and put it with the rest of the polish I have.Fast forward to this past weekend , I tried using the same polish and this time it was EXTREMELY chunky . It did n't go on well at all and looked horrible . I shook it like crazy and tried it on another finger , and it 's still awful.so , I e-mailed Zoya through their `` contact us '' link on the webpage and waited patiently for a response . Today , they tell me to get rejuvenating drops and try using that , that I obviously did n't put the cover on tight enough -LRB- cause clearly I have no idea how to close a nail polish bottle ? -RRB- . After expressing my disappointment in their awful customer service -LRB- and hence giving them yet another chance to make it right with me -RRB- , the woman forwarded my e-mail to her supervisor who then told me that I 'm basically out of luck cause I did n't report a ` flaw ' in the first ten days.Skip this product all together , it 's not as great as it 's price tag says it should be , I 'd rather have formaldehyde on my nails and deal with a company that stands behind their products 100 % .
 I got my nails painted with this at a salon and when I took the nail polish off , my nails where yellow ! It took over a week for the color to go away and it really pissed me off . Do n't waste your money on this .
 This polish , in color Pippa , is the worst I have encountered by Zoya . It is thick and bubbly . It wo n't spread out and looks like Swiss Cheese as it dries . I have not been able to use it once since I ordered it . I like the seller just fine , but they do not except returns . Still , this is something I would have never paid for had I known . I was really looking forward to wearing beautiful bright yellow polish . I guess I 'll just have to wait a while , as I ca n't get this kind of polish where I live -LRB- I 'd try the Butter color next -RRB- -LRB- on an island -RRB- and shipping for one nail polish is ridiculous .
 This color looks pretty in the picture but it 's very dark and old looking . I returned it . Google images the colors before you buy so you know what the true color looks like
 This polish is awful . It somehow dries with smudges , even though I sat for an hour to let it dry and did not touch anything . Also looks bubbly when I look at it close up . Never again .
 I purchased this thinking that it would be sealed in a box . Instead the item was not sealed and packaged in a cheap plastic makeup bag . Since it was n't sealed , I have no idea if someone has used it before -LRB- it feels full -RRB- and in correspondence with Cosmetics Plaza , they told me that this is the way it came and that it was new.It completely sucks because I bought this as a present .
 I love all kinds of perfumes , I never stick to only one product . Though I have to admit , French make the BEST perfumes . This one is just so bad , every time I wore it -LRB- which is only 3 times -RRB- , I got a massive nausea . Even my husband sitting beside me said that he never smelt anything so atrocious in a perfume . I love DKNY but this scent was a mistake . Similar to Gaultier Unisex . Maybe the same guy created the two ?
 I relied on reviews , but uuuu ... . sprayed it only once and that 's it ... . I thought it was smth for a great price , sorry D K but I would not recommend it to anyone . It 's a very cheep perfume ...
 This is an awful and heavy scent . Did n't even last 15 minutes on the skin-seriously ! The worst parfum spray I have ever smelled . Do not waste your money .
 well received this and one of the vials was broke and I can not return it due to amazons policies and box is differant then picturedso now I can not return or get a refund or exchange as I can not find anywhere to contact anyone about this . so money down the drain
 I purchased the product too quickly , so this is not a product I would have bought . Totally my fault , so I 'm not complaining about the product . But , this product can not be returned !
 Make your purchase from Venezuela through Liberty Express the product was placed in a recent international mailbox in Venezuela could receive one of the perfumes is Broken , sorry I can not rate this product , not where claim .
 Out of the four scents only one doesnt make me gag , I cant even remember which one it is because its at work and doesnt get used much
 this cologne smells like ass one really smells like bad BO . and the rest are just bad wouldnt recommend to anyone
 two of the tubes do not spray . they all smell nice . just wish they all work . Gave as a gift last night .
 These four colognes are very different . Cuba gold smells the best but , after 10 minutes you ca n't smell it . Cuba orange has a long Longevity time and smells ok but smells cheap . Cuba blue and red are not worth the money . Red smells like bug spray and Blue spells like powdery perfume in my opinion . Nice bottles though .
 Hey its a cheap cologne and you can tell when wearing it . Maybe like one of the four scents but really dont plan on using this much more . Would recommend shelling out even 30 dollars for a half decent smelling cologne .
 it looks very cheap and smell too strong.I sent it to a friend for a gift . it is too shame .
 I purchased the product too quickly , I was trying to get last minute Christmas gifts and did n't fully read the description , so this is not a product I would have bought . Totally my fault , so I 'm not complaining about the product . Actually , it smells good . If I had to complain it would be that once I received the product and realized it was n't what I thought , I then was n't allowed to return the product because it 's a &#34; hazard &#34; . Apparently , you ca n't send back liquid items because it could be dangerous ... . Again , TOTALLY my fault , so I 'm ok with only spending $ 15 for a gift I wo n't use . It 's my punishment
 I did n't like at all these fragrances , the one with the blue label and the one with the gold label were kind of decent , but the other two I did n't like at all , so if you have n't try these fragances you better try with something else .
 While this is continuous spray , it is not No Rub as advertised . It comes out in splotches of white lotion that have to be rubbed in to be effective .
 Not only did this deodorant not help with the skin problems I have , it also did not do it 's job effectively . It was much too wet . I felt like I was wetter in my underarms than I would be without any deodorant . Not impressed .
 I was tired of natural deodorants that just did n't work for B.O. . However this is n't that much better on odor . It stops you from sweating which I did not care about . It also makes me sneeze and is hard to wash off the next day in the shower . While it goes on clear and dries smooth , my armpits feel sticky or coated in the shower the next day . I would not get it again .
 I normally love Almay products because they are very hypoallergenic and fragrance free.This product continues that tradition - it does not irritate my skin at all . -LRB- I normally can not wear clear antiperspirants because they sting . -RRB- However , this product absolutely does leave white streaks on both my skin and clothing once it dries - which defeats the entire purpose of my purchasing it . For that reason , I 'm very disappointed , especially since the packaging states that it `` leaves no trace of white residue on you or clothes . ''
 I developed an allergy to my usual high strength deoderant so I tried Almay 's Hypoallergenic version -LRB- since my eye doctor recommended the brand for makeup if i insisted on wearing it -RRB- . The first day I used it , I was at an outdoors festival where I was running a booth . I was sweating more than I ever had since I started wearing antipersperiant because the product did n't do a thing for me . Even under average weather conditions -LRB- 75 degress F -RRB- the product seems to start to weaken after an hour or two . Also , the scent mixes with my natural body odor -LRB- which is not offensive unless I 've been working out hardcore -RRB- and creates a bizarre smell . The price is good , even if you want to give it a try it 's not a bank breaker . I would n't use it on a day you have a date or a job interview if you 're going for a test run .
 When using a hypoallergenic or any deodorant , I do not want a sticky , hard to clean mess . I think using this product runs the risk of clogging sweat pores -- could result in infections in sweat glands . Has happened with another product for me .
 I have been searching for a fragrance-free , hypoallergenic deodorant , and thought this was perfect . Until I tried it . It does n't irritate my skin , it has only the scent of aloe -LRB- which is as close to fragrance-free as you can get -RRB- , but it just does n't work for me . Thankfully , it 's cheap enough that I do n't feel like the money was a complete waste , but I wo n't buy it again .
 I ordered this as a Christmas gift , in time for delivery . The vendor -LRB- who is now unknown -RRB- did not ship for several days , and the item never arrived . Whoever it was did not issue package tracking , so there was no way to check on the package . I waited in vain until the end of the month , when I gave up and went back to work , with the intention of following up with Amazon . I did not get to before they issued a surprise refund . They did so with the reason `` Customer Returned . '' Hard to return an item that never arrives . And now , they have none . Not a great way to say `` I Love You '' at Christmas with an invisible gift ...
 Arose is awesome , but I did n't get it.I ordered this product from them . They shipped me Energy of the sea . It was supposed to be a gift so I had nothing else to give my friend . You may have to dance with shipping with this company .
 After using this product for several weeks , I can sum up my experience in two words `` does n't work . `` I followed the directions on the jar religiously ever since I received this product and have seen absolutely NO CHANGE in the condition that was diagnosed as eczema by my doctor several years ago.I was hoping I could find a non-steroidal treatment for eczema . The claims on the company website made me think that someone finally came up with one . Not so.It 's back to the doctor for some expensive , dangerous steroids that will actually enable me to manage this condition .
 Desperate to find relief for my toddler 's itching I tried this with great hopes . It did n't do anything more than regular lotion did . It is an expensive product that does n't perform well . Our Pediatric Dermotologist suggested CeraVu & Cetaphil cleansers & lotion . Both can be bought OTC @ Walgreens or SuperWalMart . We noticed a change right away . Our baby girl does n't have `` alligator skin '' . Her skin was so dry that is use to crack & bleed.It is great to see her enjoy more things , but it was n't by the use of this product .
 This soap is very drying to skin . The packaging is boring compared to the competition out there -LRB- Softsoap , B&B works , Tone -RRB- . The soap lathers well and is antibacterial , and those the only reasons it gets 2 stars from me . Although the smell does linger on your hands after youve washed them , it 's a boring ok-my-hands-are-clean smell . The soap is way too drying for me to recommend to anyone .
 To get right to it , frankly this product has become one of my greatest sources of frustration in recent weeks . The soap itself is n't bad . I like that you can use it without getting your hands wet initially and it smells ok , but like many antibacterial soaps it does dry my skin out a bit . But here 's the thing ... For some unknown reason the manufacturer decided to make a dispenser that 's borderline impossible to use . I do n't know if it is some child safety lid that keeps kids from gargling with it or what , but have fun trying to push the pump down . There is one sweet spot where planets align and allow you to compress the pump but there 's a catch . Did you notice on the picture how the dispenser nozzle is pointed slightly upward ? Well if you combine that angle with tremendous amount of force you 've just exerted downward you 'll see a jet-like propulsion of smelly white foam either shoot over your outstretched hand and across the room -LRB- literally -RRB- or right into your midsection on to your freshly pressed shirt.So I ask you , is this outcome really better that a few million bacteria crawling around on your body ? I think not . Save yourself the agony , frustration and embarassment .
 Never thought I would write a review about soap since I almost never write reviews , but this is ridiculous . Soap is fine but will not buy again until they fix the dispenser . We have purchased several and it 's always the same fight not to shoot soap all over the place . When you press on the lever it consistently gets stuck and you have to work it . Nothing like having to change your pants after trying to wash your hands .
 THIS RELEASE FROM VITABATH IS A BIG DISAPOINTMENT FROM THEIR USUAL QUALITY . THE FRAGRANCE IS MISSING AND THE SOAP GEL IS VERY WATERY .
 DO N'T BUY IT !!!!! This product it 's FAKE , not the same fragrance , I gave it for my aunt for her birthday and she later told me all 3 I bought were fake . VERY DISAPOINTED
 This is not the same fragrance I bought from Amazon 5 years ago ! Did n't like it at all - ended up giving it away rather than the hassle of returning it to the U.K.
 THIS RELEASE FROM VITABATH IS A BIG DISAPOINTMENT FROM THEIR USUAL QUALITY . THE FRAGRANCE IS MISSING AND THE SOAP GEL IS VERY WATERY .
 I thoguht i was ordering the Eye Bryten and they sent me the UNDER Eye Bryten ! The product in the picture is what i thought i was getting but they double crossed me ! Do not order from this company as they are scamming us !
 I used this product faithfully for nearly a month now . It claims first results in two weeks , best results in a month , but I see no change at all . There seems to be a lot remaining in the container that I will continue to use , but I do n't expect to see any improvement at this point .
 While I still have my dark circles , this is a really nice under eye moisturizer for the price . I 've tried adding Vit K product with it to no avail . Does seem to help with am puffiness but I have tried everything for dark circles to no avail -LRB- yet -RRB- except working to cover them up with Yves St Laurent Touche Eclat highlighter pen -LRB- a very expensive but very worth it product -RRB- . I also find covering them up with a touch of Benefit Eye Bright Pencil -LRB- another wonderful cover-up product -RRB- under the Touche Eclat works nice and looks natural with good eye brush blending.On the bright side , I did n't have to pay the exorbitant price of the product that this is a knock off of , though the ingredients appear quite similar -LRB- I checked -RRB- . Maybe this one will work for you though . I 've read that dark circles can be caused by either genetics or a type of see-through bruising/bleed through of the capillaries . Perhaps this product works for the capillaries and I simply have a genetic predisposition to the circles.That said , if you are wondering whether to try this product against it 's primary competitor , then I would recommend you at least give this a shot since they have such similar formulations . As I said , it 's a very nice under eye moisturizer anyway .
 I 've not had much luck with under-eye creams . I have very stubborn dark under-eye circles and bags that just will not go away . I 've tried almost everything under the sun , and my most recent one was this product.Of all of the products , this is the worst I 've tried . At least other products reduced the circles a little , if not completely . But even after using this stuff twice a day -LRB- morning and evening -RRB- for 3 months , it 's had absolutely no effect . I even have co-workers who constantly say I look more and more tired and tell me to get more sleep!Don ' t waste your money on this stuff .
 I returned the product and I have never received the refund . I tried to contact the seller but I have not received any response .
 After going back into the site where I purchased this product I decided to read all the reviews . I sent this product back based on most everyone stating this product does not work . I did n't want to waste my money
 I used the real Monsenieur Musk by Houbigant in the early 1980 's ... thie stuff that is now made by DANA using their old name is a JOKE ... it lasts about 30 seconds and smell like crap ... what a ripp off.I 'm gon na call amazon and see if I can send it back and get my money back !!! feel like I was really ripped off !
 At forty-three eighty-six per case of six -LRB- the price as I type this -RRB- , the product comes to seven thirty one per bottle ... you can get a bottle on the Mrs. Meyer 's website for four ninety-nine . I 'm just saying ... do the math before you buy .
 I am somewhat surprised that this product has received such high reviews . I started using Curel Ultra Healing about 10-12 years ago because in the winter my skin would get so dry that my shins burned and knuckles split and sometimes bled a little . The product was a miracle cure and to top it off , the stuff was extremely smooth and it neither make my hands greasy nor did it make my hands smell like any scented product ! Over the past decade or so , the product has undergone several major changes with each subsequent version being significantly worse . The `` newest '' version -LRB- I think it 's been around for about two to three years now -RRB- is completely unusable in my opinion.Curel with ceramide is so unpleasantly greasy that I returned the bottle to the store immediately after trying it . It 's no longer smooth and it does n't absorb nicely like the old product used to , so my skin does n't improve as much . Unfortunately I 'm almost out of my last bottle of the old stuff -LRB- silver bottle , although the older white bottle was even better -RRB- , and I would gladly pay twice as much for more if I could find some.I found a Vaseline hand lotion I like -LRB- Vaseline Intensive Rescue Healing Hand Cream -RRB- to replace this , but it 's not so great as a body lotion . To be honest , it does n't do nearly the job the old Curel Ultra Healing used to do . Guess I 'm back to searching ...
 So I read all the reviews on all the Curels , etc. . I 'm a fan of Curel while my wife likes a different brand . Previously I had used the daily or whatnot and it was great . I thought I would try this one , hoping the citrus smell or whatever it 's called would n't be bad . I was wrong . Not only does it have a citrus smell - it has another type of smell in it . I ca n't really quite describe it . But it 's terrible and I 'm not mistaken - my wife smells it too . I 'm going to stick to the zero smell of the daily .
 I felt its just like a base item , I ordered a perfumed new product , but I received a non-perfumed item.Its just too expensive comopare to other local store.I never go with amazon for these type of items.But its fast shipping . Too pricy
 When I read lavender I was hoping for a beautiful , fresh fragrance but this was exactly the opposite ! Extremely disgusting and artificial and not even remotely like lavender ! Cant believe I am stuck with a pack of 6 !!
 I had the same experience that others have described -- burning , stinging on my skin , even when I gave it plenty of time to dissolve in hot water . I felt like I was bathing in shards of glass . Afterward , I had to clean the tub out with a damp paper towel as those `` shards '' would n't wash down the drain . I have liked other Burt 's products , but this one is a bust .
 I generally like Burt 's Bees products as well , however , this product is awful . I let it dissolve in the bath per the instructions ... after five minutes my skin started to itch and burn all over ! I tried adding more water to dilute it a little , but it did n't help . My skin was bright red when I got out of the bath and the itching/burning lasted for another 15-20 minutes . I will NOT buys this again ! If your skin is at all sensitive , steer clear !
 Much to my surprise ... and not disclosed on the amazon ingredient list . . this product contains
 I wish I had been able to try this out or at least smell it before I bought it . I knew it was going to smell herbal based on the ingredients , but I barely got the lid off the container before it brought tears to my eyes . I returned this to the store . Normally I like Burt 's Bees but this is just too pungent !
 The shipment was fast , but when I received it it was not the one in picture . It likes totally different . I am so disappointed .
 Ok , first of all , I 'm a major Burt 's Bees fan . I love all their products with the exception of this one . My complaint is that this product does not completely dissolve . I followed the directions and even let it soak an hour before I got in . I 've tried two hours . It does n't matter , the salt itself dissolves but it leaves a very fine substance that feels and looks like sand . That is , until you sit on it . Both times I tried it , it took me a while to realize it was burning my skin . The second time was worse , by the time I was able to rinse it off under cool running water I had a million tiny bumps all over the back of my legs and backside , some which were bleeding . If you decide you use this product , I recommend you pour it into a pouch or stocking and tie it off . Also it smells like Vicks so if you do n't like that smell then steer clear of this . I think it would be helpful to clear your sinus but please do n't make my mistake . Even If It does n't burn your skin like it did mine , who wants to sit and bathe in something gritty and sandy . Thirdly make sure you do not sit the tin on the side of the tub as it will rust . I had to use my keys to open the container too . I just poured them in a plastic container similar to a peanut butter jar for easy.access without the risk of ruining the tub . So all in all if you use the pouch method and replace the container you should be ok . Seems like a lot of work for higher priced bath salts .
 This is a really strong medicinal-smelling product . I almost was overcome when I prised the can lid off . It feels good in the bath but I was not looking for such an odor ... kind of puts me off my bath .
 The salts smell like a white or yellow cough drop . If you smell them straight out of the tin , it definitely burns your nose . When they say therapeutic , they mean it . Do n't buy these if you just want a nice , lemon-scented bath salt . I will be using them on the event that I get sick , but for everyday , they are horrible and the scent stays with you.Also , you will need a can opener -LRB- like , the same as you 'd use to open paint cans -RRB- to get into the package . Then , inside the metal can is a bag of the salts . The can rusts -LRB- I had a ring on my tub when I picked it up -RRB- , so you may want to cover the bottom with tape or nail polish , or permanently keep it in a cupboard away from water .
 I have wavy , color treated hair that takes flight in humid weather . My goal for purchasing this product was to to tame it somewhat . It did n't . My hair also never glistened as other reviewers have reported theirs did . This was yet another disappointing waste of money .
 Product smelled very bad and made my hair , which is coarse , very greasy . I had to immediately wash wash again .
 After reading mostly positive reviews for this product , I had high hopes for it . I have medium-length wavy/curly hair that I brush-straighten on a daily basis , so this sounded great ! Unfortunately , it 's not so great . It adds a little bit of control , but does nothing to smooth/lusterize/de-frizz my hair ... and , to boot , it makes my face break out every time I use it . The only reason I gave this two stars was because the fragrance is pleasant ... not flowery -LRB- I HATE flowery fragrances -RRB- , definitely fruity , and not so overpoweringly sweet that I could n't stand it . Unfortunately , I would not recommend this product , especially if your face is sensitive or prone to allergic breakouts .
 I bought this with the Bed Head Recovery Shampoo/Conditioner set . I added the TIGI S Factor Smoothing product because of the great reviews . I wanted something to limit fly-aways and add softness and shine to my hair . I blow-dry and flat iron my hair daily . -LRB- I have straight to wavy hair that is dyed and 50 % gray -RRB- I found that when I washed with the Bed HEad shampoo and conditioner and did not use the TIGI S Factor Smoothing product , my hair looked and felt better to the touch than when I used it . It did n't help with styling , frizz nor did it make my hair look healthier.The shampoo/conditioner alone work wonders - my hair looks and feels better than with any shampoo/conditioner combo I 've ever used.Other reviewers said this smelled great . I did n't think so . I was okay - not OMG Amazing or anything like that . Again - the shampoo/conditioner smelled better by themselves.So that 's my feedback - do n't waste your money . This stuff is n't worth it .
 I believe there are many products shipper and more efficiency than TIGI Factor , i have use it for more than 2 weeks daily but nothing changed !
 This stuff did exactly the opposite of what it said . My hair is wavy , and it just made it frizzy . I 've never had any product make my hair so frizzy . I returned it .
 I ordered White Diamonds EAU de Parfum and received EAU de Toilette . This product came from Target . Amazon was very good at giving me a complete refund and did not have me send the Toilette back.I then ordered the same thing directly from Target . The very same thing happened . Target has been more difficult to work with . Basically , I do all the work inorder to get a refund when the mistake is on their part . Amazon is great to work with .
 Dryer arrived on time , in good condition at about the right price . I only use the comb attachment . I used this product as I always do and the comb punctured my scalp and my head bled profusely . I must use this product cautiously as I have punctured my scalp whenever I seem to get in a hurry . I contacted the manufacturer and was my complaint was the only complaint they had received . They did not offer to replace the comb , the unit , or even act as if they cared . I threw the item away and bought a different brand .
 Because it was the cheapest deal I could find , I ordered it on Amazon . This was a fake , I compared it to my old bottle of the perfume it smelled different , like it was infused with too much alcohol . I was disappointed with this purchase , I should of listened to another reviewer who aslo said it was fake .
 Not as good as I remembered it . This smells like some rancid , watered down version of the real `` Cool Water '' .
 As I mentioned with the other Zoya color , Regean , this color is nice , but it 's not OPI ! They lack shine and consistency . The product started out okay , but I found that the more I exposed the brush to the air , the polish started to thicken and clump . It 's added to the polish trash pile !
 I purchased a nail polish from Zoya 's website several months ago . I tested it on just one finger -LRB- my thumb nail -RRB- , it was a tiny bit clumpy , I just figured it needed to be shaken more next time before using it . I sealed up the bottle and put it with the rest of the polish I have.Fast forward to this past weekend , I tried using the same polish and this time it was EXTREMELY chunky . It did n't go on well at all and looked horrible . I shook it like crazy and tried it on another finger , and it 's still awful.so , I e-mailed Zoya through their `` contact us '' link on the webpage and waited patiently for a response . Today , they tell me to get rejuvenating drops and try using that , that I obviously did n't put the cover on tight enough -LRB- cause clearly I have no idea how to close a nail polish bottle ? -RRB- . After expressing my disappointment in their awful customer service -LRB- and hence giving them yet another chance to make it right with me -RRB- , the woman forwarded my e-mail to her supervisor who then told me that I 'm basically out of luck cause I did n't report a ` flaw ' in the first ten days.Skip this product all together , it 's not as great as it 's price tag says it should be , I 'd rather have formaldehyde on my nails and deal with a company that stands behind their products 100 % .
 I got my nails painted with this at a salon and when I took the nail polish off , my nails where yellow ! It took over a week for the color to go away and it really pissed me off . Do n't waste your money on this .
 This polish , in color Pippa , is the worst I have encountered by Zoya . It is thick and bubbly . It wo n't spread out and looks like Swiss Cheese as it dries . I have not been able to use it once since I ordered it . I like the seller just fine , but they do not except returns . Still , this is something I would have never paid for had I known . I was really looking forward to wearing beautiful bright yellow polish . I guess I 'll just have to wait a while , as I ca n't get this kind of polish where I live -LRB- I 'd try the Butter color next -RRB- -LRB- on an island -RRB- and shipping for one nail polish is ridiculous .
 This color looks pretty in the picture but it 's very dark and old looking . I returned it . Google images the colors before you buy so you know what the true color looks like
 i bought this because it got really great reviews , but no matter what formula i use -LRB- base coat/topcoat/timing -RRB- , its too soft , and easily smudges . It also chips just as bad as $ 1 Brucci . Worse actually . I 'm not impressed
 This polish is awful . It somehow dries with smudges , even though I sat for an hour to let it dry and did not touch anything . Also looks bubbly when I look at it close up . Never again .
 I searched far and wide for a soft soap scent that was mild enough for me to tolerate and I loved Juicy Melon , which is evidently now discontinued . This new scent is so strong it actually burns my nose and eyes . I am very depressed that they had to meddle with a good product . No endorsement here .
 Juicy melon was the ONLY scented soap I could use as I have terrible allergies to strong/floral fragrances . Now that it has been replaced with `` Melon and Cucumber '' I am out of luck because the scnet is no longer mild but is super strong floral scent -- NOT melon or cuke . I emailed the company and they said there was a lack of interest in the Julicy Melon scent so it has been discontinued indefinately . Well , the new melon and cuke scent smells like a flower factory instead of fruit & vegetables so I can not use it . Bugs my allergies too much and I prefere to be able to breathe . So , guess I 'm back to using unscented bar soap . You lost out on a great customer , Soft Soap ! p.s. I gave it a star only because you could n't do no stars .
 Years ago I discovered Softsoap Juicy Melon to use both as a hand and shower soap . Clean mild fragrance was a major selling point . No lingering scent when washed off . That 's changed . When my Juicy Melon ran out I picked up a bottle of Crisp Cucumber Melon thinking it would be similar . Not even close . Though the name implies a scent of cucumber and melon it has neither . Instead it produces this wretched , overly-perfumed fragrance . The stink wo n't wash off and lingers for some time after use . Horrible ! Softsoap 's `` new and improved '' line of soaps may be designed as something only a Wal-Mart regular can love , but I do n't . Time to move on from the Softsoap brand .
 This little bottle of soap has been sitting by my bathroom sink for a month now trying to tell me that it was actually mammaries , but it 's not ! It 's soap ! And here all this thime i 've been washign my hands i 've been taken in by softsoap 's sumbiminal product label design . Bad Softsoap , Bad !
 Okay , I will be honest -- I have n't received this set yet , although I know my daughter has ordered it for me for Christmas . I have been using Caswell & Massey products for many years , and my favorite C&M scent is almond . I have had almond-scented products from other manufacturers , but they do n't compare . Open one of the bottles , and it is like being in the kitchen while almond macaroons are in the oven . Better yet , the products are high-quality and effective . The only other emolient that I have ever found effective was Keri lotion with a good concentration of alphahydroxy , but Keri stopped making it . I use the C&M hand and body lotion on hands , feet , and legs . The shower gel leaves me gently almond-scented and soft ; it keeps my skin from itching in our terribly dry winter weather . I will be delighted to try anything in the Caswell & Massey line . Did you know that they started as an apothecary shop in 1742 ? I guess making high-quality products really earned them a following !
 I used to have a different model of conair 2-in-1 , which worked pretty well for about a year before it stopped working . I bought this one to replace it , but it was awful . It ripped my hair out every time I used it . My hair would get caught in the straightener between the plastic end and the metal barrel and get yanked out.I recommend not buying this .
 The controls for this iron are located on the handle and you are constantly turning it off when you attempt to turn the iron to do the curls . When you try to compensate for this , you can easily get burned as I have . This is a dangerous flaw in the iron design . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 I bought this because it seemed really convenient -LRB- and required half the space to store it , too -RRB- . Unfortunately , having a 2-in-1 -LRB- like 2-in-1 shampoo and conditioner -RRB- seems to mean that both of its parts are mediocre at best.The curling iron does n't give my hair a lasting curl like my friends ' curling irons . My best friend has a Hot Tools curling iron that she LOVES , and the curls stay forever!The straightening iron only works if you put in teeny bits of hair at a time , and MAN , it rips my hair out!I would n't suggest this to anyone . I think you 're better off having separate curling and straightening irons ...
 The product is good the only problem I have with it is when you use the curling iron part of it the clip does n't hold it closed like it 's suppose to
 Not sure if mine 's a fluke , but the mechanism that holds the straightening plates together so you can use the curling iron instead did n't lock in and would n't lock no matter what . I could still use the straight iron part -LRB- not that great on its own -RRB- , but does n't defeat the purpose of having something that 's supposed to do two different jobs ? Needless to say , I returned it .
 I bought this on Amazon for 29.99 . I had high hopes for this product as I have been a loyal and happy consumer of Conair products for over 20 years . I am very disappointed with pretty much every aspect of this product . It is cumbersome to use , as it is heavy and awkward . It also gets very hot , even on the lowest temperature . There is nothing protecting the device from your skin , so you have to be very careful not to burn yourself.The straightening feature works well enough , but leaves crimps in your hair if you are a novice . The curling feature is totally cumbersome , and very easy to burn your skin in the process . Even with the correct grip , the curl feature just stinks . I use my loyal conair hot rollers to curl my hair.All in all , a total bomb . Will I use the product
 This Flat Iron Combo Curler is not worth the money that I spent for it . First of all it does not get hot enough to straighten my hair . Although I must admit that my hair is very thick and wiry . If anyones hair is the least bit thick it will not work . I wish I had spent more and got the Sedu since it had very good reviews . Now I have to start over and buy a new one because this iron can not be returned if it has been opened . Now , tell me how anyone would know if it works or not if it is not opened and used . `` DUH ''
 I chose this hand soap from all the other method foaming hand soaps because it appeared to be clear , which I associate with pure and unadulterated . Silly me . I should have been looking for the words `` fragrance and dye free '' . I 'm a gal that hates strong perfume smells . I like soap that either has no smell or has a very light smell that does n't linger . So if you 're a person who is n't into perfumed stuff , this soap is not for you . I ordered the `` method naked '' hand soap . I 'll let you know how that works out .
 WTF ! I 'm supposed to get it on June 26 , now it is July 4 , I have n't got anything , and when I want to cancel it , it ask me to ship it back ? What ? I did n't get anything , what should I ship ?
 I found the bottles to be a little too breakable for a house with kids in it . I also was annoyed with having to pump and pump to get my -LRB- admittedly large -RRB- hands soapy enough to clean . It did n't really seem much better than any generic soap.Recently Method started using a video of a naked woman in a shower being degraded by soap bubbles to sell their products in general and claiming that people who do n't like the ad just do n't get that portraying the humiliation of a woman for laughs is a great way to sell cleaning products to women . So I 'm not going to buy any more Method . I recommend Dr. Bronners if you 're looking for a sweet smelling , chemical free , sexism free hand soap .
 I usually use Mrs Meyers hand soap but decided to try something different . I picked Method because of the good reviews . The soap is decent . Nothing special . The packaging is very poor though . The caps on all six bottles were loose . One bottle was completely empty . The shipping box was soaked . The other 5 bottles are about 90 % full compared to the product pictures on the site . I am new to the product so I am not sure if the actual bottles are supposed to be filled to the top like the pictures . Regardless , one bottle was completely empty with a loose cap.Called Amazon . Initally Amazon wanted me to ship all six bottles back . I asked if I can just get a single bottle to replace the empty one . I really did n't want to make a trip to the post office with a soapy box . After being placed on hold , the rep came back and said he would send replacement and I do n't need to return the original package . He gave a small laugh that was almost like a snicker when I thanked him . The laugh/snicker was weird enough that I actually took note of it . Amazon , thanks for the extra free bottles and I do appreciate your amazing customer service . But if you -LRB- or your reps. -RRB- think your customers are taking advantage of your customer service , then do things right in the first place . This is not the first review complaining about packaging . So I am sure it was not the first time you were called about the problem . Should n't someone look into it ? I would rather get the products in good shape and not have to make a call.Update - I removed one more star . The replacement package never arrived as scheduled . Called UPS . Found out UPS returned the package back to Amazon without even trying to deliver it . Apparently the replacement package was in even worse shape than the original package . It was dripping wet .
 I 'm happy to have a safe , natural alternative , but what 's with the price ?? $ 24 comes out to $ 4 bottle . . they 're $ 3 for a 10oz bottle at Target , and that 's not even on sale .
 The soap itself is great , but I see that I 'm not the only person to get a sopping wet shipping box with at least one now-empty bottle inside . It 's not worth the hassle of sending it back to deal with , so I recommend just not buying it -LRB- from Amazon -RRB- in the first place .
 I 've heard foaming hand soap is more economical and eco-friendly , however , the Method Foaming Hand Soap bottles do not last long and therefore , the buying a refill for the pump is pointless . I have a pair of hand pumps that have not lasted past 2 refills because the pump is not sturdy . It is unclear why they break , it seems that after refilling them the second time , they no longer work and while soap comes out , it is n't foamy . I 'm not certain if this then is wasting the soap or what . The soap works great and I still have a large refill container but as soon as the pump is out , I 'm going to buy a different brand for the pump but continue using the soap .
 even brighter in person than in pic and once on . maybe at my darkest in the summer i would wear this . almost neon .
 If you want a natural nail tint , that looks like color of the real nail bed , this is the shade for you . It is not as pink as the photo ; it 's more cream . Really sheer , just perfect for a french manicure . Not for me though , I like my colors more saturated , even with a Fnch.ManiFollow up April 30 , 2011
 this color is way too light and to get the white-ish color you have to have 3 coats . The seller is the BESTS -LRB- not the first time I order from them -RRB- but THIS particularly nail polish is not great ... I 'll just stay with Opi < 3
 Sea Breeze has been my favorite Essie color , and since it such an old color , most stores no longer carry it . So when I discovered it listed with this seller on Amazon , I was pleased . Unfortunately , the polish that I received was nothing like the original Sea Breeze that I have so enjoyed . I 've simply tossed it rather than go to the trouble of returning it . I DO NOT recommend this product as offered by this seller !!!
 Ask plenty of questions about product and merchandise as these items appear new in picture , but merchandise clearly been used or were tester products .
 It 's a really nice color if you apply one coat , but we all know with colors like these you have to apply at least 2 , but once you apply the 2nd coat the color changes . Also after a week I removed the nail polish and it stained my nails . Do n't recommend .
 I bought this based on the reviews . VERY unimpressed . I touch up chips twice a day ! I usually use OPI , which will last two weeks with minimal maintenance . This did n't make it 3 days . The colors are pretty , but even Sally Hanson outlasts Essie , and at a third the price . My first bottle will be my last bottle .
 I really have no idea what the fascination is with this brand . I 've tried so many shades hoping that maybe the last was a fluke . But , this brand is awful IMO . It 's difficult to apply , applies streaky , and chips so easily . I much prefer OPI .
 This nail polish is a good one . But I was expecting more of it . First of all , I say it is very expensive so I thought it would be a great quality , I wanted it for french nails . but for my suprise it came to my house with a thick consistency . I do n't know if all essey nail polish are like this , but this was my first essey nail polish and all I can say is that I prefer buying the inexpensive revlon I have always buyed .
 BLADES VERY DULL . CAN NOT CLOSE AFTER USE AS CLOSER IS DEFECTIVE.BARELY CAN CLIP FINGER NAILS.RETURNING ITEM AS SOON AS I RETURN FROM VACATION .
 To whom it may concern , The item arrived within the time frame promised . I am however very disappointed as there is NO resemblance to the Lily of the Valley delightful smell . I have had another bottle -LRB- diferent make -RRB- but can no longer find the brand . Having bought Yardley products before which were all fine , I am quite disappointed and I would not recommend this one to anyone . I love the smell of Lily of the Valley flowers . I used to go into the woods where I lived to pick the in the wild . Wish I could give you a better recommendation . If anybody knows of a brand which is a true Lily of the Vally product please let me know.Eva Snuffer
 This does n't smell anything like lily of the valley . It 's very spicey -- similar to a man 's aftershave . I checked the box and the bottle because I thought they may have sent me the wrong product.I was trying to find a lily of the valley scent that was n't as pricey as Evelyn & Crabtree 's , but I 'll be going back to them because their EDT spray smells wonderful and the scent lasts a long time .
 Like the fabric , HATE the fit . The fit was sloppy and huge around the wrist . I wear them at night for an eczema issue and one actually came off during the night . Try the ones at Dollar Tree ; these are the only ones that work for me .
 I found these gloves to be itchy and confining . The wrist was way too tight . My wrist is small . I wonder how anyone with a larger wrist could fit into this .
 I still use these despite the fact that they 're a bit too short in the wrist and the stretch out in the wrist area like it 's nobody 's business . Glad they were cheap , but I wo n't repurchase .
 The gloves are pretty thin and stretch out at the wrist . Once washed , they stretch out even more and the lotion on my hands leaks thru them .
 I purchased this washcloth because I was interested in using fewer chemicals to remove my makeup , and this so-called `` wonder cloth '' promised to do just that . First of all , the cloth is very unusual-looking , with long threads in clumps that look kind of furry . Secondly , when using the cloth it has a very strong chemical smell . I 'm not sure if there is something the cloth is soaked in , but it does not smell pleasant and made me wary of using it . Finally , it did not remove my eye makeup at all . Not even eyeliner , let alone mascara . Any washcloth will get off blush and powder , which this one did adequately . However , I feel like I wasted my money . It 's nothing special , and I wo n't be using it due to the bad smell .
 After using cotton wash cloths for many years , I started noticing I had eye makeup residue on my lower eyelid , just below my lashes , no matter how much time I spent going over that area . I ordered several products to try . This product performed poorest of all those I tested . It is an odd , rectangular shape , and not easy to use . I wash my face using my finger tips and cleanser morning and evening , then use a cloth and plenty of water to rinse off the cleanser and remove residual eye makeup under my lower lashes . Because of the odd size and shape , this cloth is too small for me . The fabric has a prickly feel . I thought perhaps it would be good at exfoliating , but it was not for me . It also was not effective in removing the residual eye makeup below my lashes . The other products I tried did a much better job of washing , rinsing , removing makeup and exfoliating . The Bamboo Charcoal Microfiber Wash Cloth , and Plush Microfiber Wash Cloth 12x12 White -LRB- both of which I ordered from Amazon -RRB- , were both outstanding for washing , rinsing , exfoliating and removing eye makeup . I also purchased from my local Bed Bath and Beyond store , their Pure Performance wash cloths which are very soft and made of 88 % polyester and 12 % nylon . These also perform very well for me . After using a Buf Puf for years for exfoliating the less sensitive areas of my face , I never would have believed that a very soft , fluffy , luxurious feeling microfiber cloth could exfoliate , AND also gently remove makeup from the sensitive lower lid area . But incredibly , they do . I also use them to wipe down my bath tub after each shower and they do an amazing job of getting the tub spotless . The Wonder Cloth Makeup Remover cloth will now be relegated to my cleaning rag collection.Update 1-2-13 After using the both White Plush Microfiber Wash Cloths and the Bamboo Charcoal Microfiber Wash Cloths a few times , I prefer the Bamboo Charcoal Microfiber Wash Cloths because their lovely heathered grey color does not show the residual eye makeup being removed . The white cloths do of course show the makeup . Most of it does come out in the wash , but I believe over time , the Bamboo Charcoal Cloths will hold their appearance better . They also feel a bit more plush and soft than the white cloths .
 I read about this product in the Kat James book `` The Truth About Beauty '' . I have to say I was very disappointed . I am always excited to try products from companies who offer a more eco-friendly alternative , but this product just does n't cut it . I do n't wear heavy makeup , and live in a humid climate so I sweat most of it off by the end of the day anyway . However , the Wonder Cloth did not remove any of my mascara-normal everyday mascara , not waterproof or extended wear and would n't even touch lipstick on the days I wore it . I started to break out after about a week of use so to see how effective the cloth cleaned I swiped my face with a witch hazel soaked cotton ball after using it and was appalled to see considerable makeup residue still left on my face . The cloth is VERY slick and therefore does n't seem to `` grab '' the mascara or makeup residue off the face . Instead it just seems to smear it around . A plain wash cloth without makeup remover did a better job at removing makeup .
 I returned this because it arrived with the metal can dented badly . Looked like it was used . The talc itself smelled good . I will order from another vendor .
 Though the canister appears to be from Yardley , the talc does not have the fragrance of lilly of the valley which is what I hoped to buy .
 Seller charged my credit card 2 months ago and still has not shipped the items I ordered . They do not respond to e-mails or phone calls . I had to file a credit card dispute to obtain my money back . I have reported them to the Better Business Bureau .
 I hate this hair dryer , and if I was n't such a procrastinator , I would have returned it . It overheats and shuts off very quickly . I have short , fine hair , so it 's not like I am using it for long periods of time .
 I purchased this almost a year ago to take with me on my trip to Europe.It looks fine , and would n't mind packing it into my suitcase . I did n't think that it was abnormally big.What the problem was , and the only reason for giving it just two stars , is that the dryer has two small tubes -LRB- ? -RRB- , almost looks as though it 's purely for design , that run along the barrel of the dryer . These make it so that the width of the barrel is too wide to accomodate a universal diffuser . I have curly hair and , without being able to find a diffuser to use with this dryer , I can not use the dryer . It is still sitting in my closet , completely unused for a year . Maybe I 'll sell it on eBay , as I 'd already thrown out the packaging when I received the dryer.If you 're not planning on using a diffuser with it , it looks great and seems as though it would work wonderfully !
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 too expensive , found for less on other sites . Took too long to receive . Also , product did n't come as pictured , instead came in very large bottle and product does n't look like the mask I have used prior of the same name .
 This thing made me and my baby break out in a rash , twice ! We double checked but it happened every time we used this product .
 I never used this on my baby . After receiving the product I read the label and noticed it contains parabens . This ingredient has been linked to being a carcinogen . Although I 'm not certain it is known to be it is still questionable and that 's enough for me not to slather it on my baby .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 Clean Ultimate just smells like hairspray to me . Maybe it 's just that fragrances smell different on different people , but I kept trying to wash this off my wrists.The original Clean fragrance is wonderful , though . Smells soapy and shower-fresh , not heavy or perfumey .
 i bought this because it got really great reviews , but no matter what formula i use -LRB- base coat/topcoat/timing -RRB- , its too soft , and easily smudges . It also chips just as bad as $ 1 Brucci . Worse actually . I 'm not impressed
 As I mentioned with the other Zoya color , Regean , this color is nice , but it 's not OPI ! They lack shine and consistency . The product started out okay , but I found that the more I exposed the brush to the air , the polish started to thicken and clump . It 's added to the polish trash pile !
 I purchased a nail polish from Zoya 's website several months ago . I tested it on just one finger -LRB- my thumb nail -RRB- , it was a tiny bit clumpy , I just figured it needed to be shaken more next time before using it . I sealed up the bottle and put it with the rest of the polish I have.Fast forward to this past weekend , I tried using the same polish and this time it was EXTREMELY chunky . It did n't go on well at all and looked horrible . I shook it like crazy and tried it on another finger , and it 's still awful.so , I e-mailed Zoya through their `` contact us '' link on the webpage and waited patiently for a response . Today , they tell me to get rejuvenating drops and try using that , that I obviously did n't put the cover on tight enough -LRB- cause clearly I have no idea how to close a nail polish bottle ? -RRB- . After expressing my disappointment in their awful customer service -LRB- and hence giving them yet another chance to make it right with me -RRB- , the woman forwarded my e-mail to her supervisor who then told me that I 'm basically out of luck cause I did n't report a ` flaw ' in the first ten days.Skip this product all together , it 's not as great as it 's price tag says it should be , I 'd rather have formaldehyde on my nails and deal with a company that stands behind their products 100 % .
 I got my nails painted with this at a salon and when I took the nail polish off , my nails where yellow ! It took over a week for the color to go away and it really pissed me off . Do n't waste your money on this .
 This polish , in color Pippa , is the worst I have encountered by Zoya . It is thick and bubbly . It wo n't spread out and looks like Swiss Cheese as it dries . I have not been able to use it once since I ordered it . I like the seller just fine , but they do not except returns . Still , this is something I would have never paid for had I known . I was really looking forward to wearing beautiful bright yellow polish . I guess I 'll just have to wait a while , as I ca n't get this kind of polish where I live -LRB- I 'd try the Butter color next -RRB- -LRB- on an island -RRB- and shipping for one nail polish is ridiculous .
 This color looks pretty in the picture but it 's very dark and old looking . I returned it . Google images the colors before you buy so you know what the true color looks like
 This polish is awful . It somehow dries with smudges , even though I sat for an hour to let it dry and did not touch anything . Also looks bubbly when I look at it close up . Never again .
 i bought this because it got really great reviews , but no matter what formula i use -LRB- base coat/topcoat/timing -RRB- , its too soft , and easily smudges . It also chips just as bad as $ 1 Brucci . Worse actually . I 'm not impressed
 As I mentioned with the other Zoya color , Regean , this color is nice , but it 's not OPI ! They lack shine and consistency . The product started out okay , but I found that the more I exposed the brush to the air , the polish started to thicken and clump . It 's added to the polish trash pile !
 I purchased a nail polish from Zoya 's website several months ago . I tested it on just one finger -LRB- my thumb nail -RRB- , it was a tiny bit clumpy , I just figured it needed to be shaken more next time before using it . I sealed up the bottle and put it with the rest of the polish I have.Fast forward to this past weekend , I tried using the same polish and this time it was EXTREMELY chunky . It did n't go on well at all and looked horrible . I shook it like crazy and tried it on another finger , and it 's still awful.so , I e-mailed Zoya through their `` contact us '' link on the webpage and waited patiently for a response . Today , they tell me to get rejuvenating drops and try using that , that I obviously did n't put the cover on tight enough -LRB- cause clearly I have no idea how to close a nail polish bottle ? -RRB- . After expressing my disappointment in their awful customer service -LRB- and hence giving them yet another chance to make it right with me -RRB- , the woman forwarded my e-mail to her supervisor who then told me that I 'm basically out of luck cause I did n't report a ` flaw ' in the first ten days.Skip this product all together , it 's not as great as it 's price tag says it should be , I 'd rather have formaldehyde on my nails and deal with a company that stands behind their products 100 % .
 I got my nails painted with this at a salon and when I took the nail polish off , my nails where yellow ! It took over a week for the color to go away and it really pissed me off . Do n't waste your money on this .
 This polish , in color Pippa , is the worst I have encountered by Zoya . It is thick and bubbly . It wo n't spread out and looks like Swiss Cheese as it dries . I have not been able to use it once since I ordered it . I like the seller just fine , but they do not except returns . Still , this is something I would have never paid for had I known . I was really looking forward to wearing beautiful bright yellow polish . I guess I 'll just have to wait a while , as I ca n't get this kind of polish where I live -LRB- I 'd try the Butter color next -RRB- -LRB- on an island -RRB- and shipping for one nail polish is ridiculous .
 This color looks pretty in the picture but it 's very dark and old looking . I returned it . Google images the colors before you buy so you know what the true color looks like
 This polish is awful . It somehow dries with smudges , even though I sat for an hour to let it dry and did not touch anything . Also looks bubbly when I look at it close up . Never again .
 This product is unscented , but that 's all that 's right about it.The listed ingredients are different than what is actually in the bottle . The main difference is that the shampoo contains the harsh cleanser sodium myreth sulfate , which damages the hair and scalp . This was not listed under the ingredients .
 Recently , the company changed the formula for the product . I had used the previous formula for years and loved it and would have rated it 5 stars . The new formula causes my eyes to burn throughout the day and leaves me with a headache . These types of reactions are individual and your results may be completely different . But be aware , if you previously used the green bottle formula , what you will be purchasing now is different so you may want to move cautiously before buying in bulk . They also reduced the amount you get in a bottle .
 I 've been trying multiple types of natural dandruff shampoos . This one rated the worse for me . They suggested this to help dandruff and it did n't do a thing plus it left my hair oily and itchy . Not to go off on a tangent but Aubrey 's has a Selenium formula Dandruff Shampoo that takes care of 95 % of my dandruff problem caused by dermal psoriasis . Aubrey 's is n't offered on Amazon :-LRB- so you 'll have to go to thier site .
 I purchased the Earth Science Fragrance Free Shampoo and Conditioner . I was pleased with the quality and found it to be better than the Jason Brand . My concern was the fact that the ounces listed in both the Amazon listing and the Earth Science Catalog were for a 17 oz size bottle for the shampoo and they shipped a 12 oz size . I had seen this problem listed on one other review and felt it was a one time error . Apparently , this was not so as they continue to ship a smaller size than they are representing . After several phone calls
 The product it 's self is fine , but what you get is 12oz bottles in clear not green bottles -LRB- new packaging I guess -RRB- , and not the 17oz advertised .
 It claims to plump your lips but i did n't see any difference . Really sticky stuff , not pleasant at all , I gave it two stars just for the smell . It 's pricey too so I 'm really dissapointed.Did I mention it kinda burns when you rub your lips a bit ? yeah , your tongue burns too when you lick it . Anyway , it 's only my experience . Maybe someone 's pleased with this product , but not me . If you 're still planning to buy it i 'd recommend trying it on first .
 When I called Jason company and asked what exactly does `` fragrance '' mean ? they said - made up of synthetic and natural stuff '' Thought Jason was suppose to be clean and chemical free . Synthetic means chemicals !!!
 When I rinsed the conditioner out , my wet hair was difficult to comb out . After using this conditioner once , I decided to add oil to it and it works okay . I did n't want to just put it in the trash . That would have been a waste .
 I tried this conditioner for almost a month . I had to stop using it because my hair was so weighted down and flat due to conditioner build-up . I tried using different amounts , Applying it to different parts of my hair , leaving it in longer , rinsing it out earlier , but nothing worked . As a sdie note , I do live where there is very hard water , so this may have effected the effectiveness.On the plus side , this conditioner really does have no scent at all .
 I had called and asked some questions in regards to a few ingredients I was wondering about for my daughter , she is severely sensitive to everything , but I could n't get any straight answers from the lady , and she was SO VERY RUDE !!! She actually told me , `` I hear your baby crying in the back ground , she 's saying mommy get off the phone , the lady does n't want to talk to you anymore '' . Excuse me !?? All her products we 've tried are irritating to even me , and I have no sensitivities ! Do n't buy anything from this lady !
 This product does not rub in , it take a while for it to absorb . It also did n't feel like it conditioned my skin .
 I did n't like this lotion at all . I felt like it did n't really do much as far as moisturizing , and it left my skin feeling strange , like it had a residue or something . I do n't intend to use it after I finish this hcG diet .
 If you never try hena with this product you may need some one experience people to help you . It made Mess my bathroom .
 I had ordered from this company before and the color worked pretty well even though I had purchased the wrong color . This one , NO . My hair hardly changed , and it has a sort of greenish looking tint to it -LRB- which is what color the henna was -RRB- . I followed directions precisely and left it on my hair for 2 hours . It is a mess putting on and gets everywhere no matter how hard you try not to . I have used better henna than this .
 I say do n't waste your time instead of money because this was cheap , but so not worth it ! I used this in hope of getting dark hair on my too-damaged-to-chemically-dye hair . The box itself is so cute , with its little bird . I think honestly that 's why I was lured in , by the way it looks . However , this did nothing at all to my hair but make it smell like hay . I followed all instructions , boiling the water and mixing well . I was really excited for this . But the henna did not mix well at all ! It wasnt finely ground to allow for easier mixing/application . This was the messiest henna I have ever tried . Believe it or not , there are some out there that are n't a mess to mix , apply , and wash out . Oh , and once I washed this henna out , my hair was THE SAME . I hoped in a few days when it `` settled '' it 'd get darker , but nope . I have read many other upset users who believe the leaves are too old to give color , and this company uses `` expired '' product . I would n't be too skeptical about that idea . Do n't buy this if you 're considering . Try Rainbow or Henna Hut !
 I have been using Henna for a while now , specifically Red Henna Hair Dye 100 Grams . I came across this brand and thought , why not?I have very short , light brown hair , which had been colored previously with the Red Henna Hair Dye 100 Grams -LRB- purchased from Amazon -RRB- . It was time for a re-color and thought I 'd use this brand instead . I followed the directions and got ... a very light cover . In fact , it does n't really look like I colored my hair at all.The other brand , gives me a deep , beautiful , red . This one ... well ... you know when your hair color starts to fade ? That 's how my hair looks now . It looked better before I even began to color it , last night . Yay me !!! A waste of money and especially time , for less than mediocre results . Not happy with results at all . Will not repurchase.This being said , my mother likes it . So I guess it 's really a matter of preference . My mother 's hair is medium/dark brown and while it does really make her hair look red as my other henna product does , it 's alright for her . I personally did n't like it .
 I made a batch of this up 6 hours ago and have checked it on a regular basis for dye release , the only stain it left was a greenish tint when checking it . I will not be buying this again and highly doubt I will apply it to my hair , since it seems that it would stain it greenish brown , ruining the nice red henna color I already have .
 Unless you can not find an indian store , then it is ok . I do not like the price , it os overpriced . I found a store , I was lucky , where I was able to buy a five-pound bag and it saved me a lot of money . At least the greys fade , it is not black , but it does not matter , as long the greys hide . I have used this before , and it worked pretty good , I just do n't like the price , it is overpriced compared to the regular Henna I have bought for more volume and a great price !
 I tried to cancel this order like 2 minutes after I ordered it because I had gotten the wrong color . The seller emails me back , the next day , telling me I can not because it was already being processed -LRB- even though they could have -RRB- . But I decided to try this color anyways so I would n't of wasted my money ... YEA RIGHT . I wasted my money . In my opinion this color is not what I expected . I had medium brown hair and it turned out orange ... like a fiery red , sun orange . I hated it so bad I had to go to the store and pick up some different haircolor to get that crap off my head . Someone else may like it , but I sure did n't . And it did n't help the seller screwed me over .
 when i received shampoo , i guess it wasnt locked properly and half the shampoo was all over the box . so basically i paid for half a bottle . very disappointed with shipping and handling . should have been padded more and locked properly and taped.shampoo is a great product tho but way it was shipped was poor .
 True to the title `` fragrance free '' and `` oil free '' this product is mostly water . It is very difficult to work up any lather . Save your money dilute any shampoo by 100 with water and you will be better off and save a few dollars .
 It is oil free and fragrance free , it is very watery I washed my hair with it , I had to use quite a bit to do the job.I like the conditioner , I wish they make a product for heat protectant more importantly a frizz control treatment . PLease .
 With an allergy to fragrances , even herbal and `` natural '' ones , it is very difficult to find a shampoo . Even though this is fragrance free , it is very runny and water-like . With longer hair you would have to use most of the bottle in order to feel clean .
 I was actually given this instead of the baby wash that I ordered . . I called the company and the lady was extremely rude to me and explained that it was the same product as the baby bath/wash . What they do is fill the bottles and keep them stocked , and once you order they will either put the All Purpose Cleanser , or Baby Wash label on , it just depends what you by . She said I could return it , but it would be the same product but different label . I asked why they do n't just make one label then , and she goes `` why do n't you just accept it '' . She would n't be specific about any question I asked her ! Then she goes `` oh , I hear your baby crying in the back ground , she 's saying mommy get off the phone , the lady does n't want to talk to you anymore '' . Excuse me !?? I used this product on myself and it is the most drying soap I have ever used in my life , and no way would I ever let my baby take a bath in it !! Poor poor poor !!! Stay away !!!
 My girlfriends have long raved about the Bumble & Bumble products . I currently use `` Goldwell '' shampoos and conditioners to complement the coloring products my stylist uses , but thought that I 'd give this Bumble & Bumble for blondes shampoo/conditioner combo a try . Each bottle costs about $ 8 more than the Goldwell products , but if it works I do n't care about spending a little extra.The first thing that I noticed about B&B ; blonde shampoo is that it does n't have a pleasant smell . The second thing is that it does n't lather real well . The conditioner worked well to smooth my hair back down , but again it does n't smell pretty at all.After drying and flat ironing as usual - I noticed that my hair seemed to have looked a little shinier , but it did n't have the soft texture like the Goldwell products leave my hair with . The B&B ; almost left my hair feeling sort of coarse and made ends look dry . And maybe this is just my imagination , but it seems like the B&B ; for blondes shampoo/conditioner made the re-growth at my roots more obvious.It seems that Goldwell has come up with a great line of coloring products - and hair care products to support them . I wo n't buy the B&B ; for blondes again ... just is n't worth the money .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 This polish is awful . It somehow dries with smudges , even though I sat for an hour to let it dry and did not touch anything . Also looks bubbly when I look at it close up . Never again .
 As I mentioned with the other Zoya color , Regean , this color is nice , but it 's not OPI ! They lack shine and consistency . The product started out okay , but I found that the more I exposed the brush to the air , the polish started to thicken and clump . It 's added to the polish trash pile !
 I purchased a nail polish from Zoya 's website several months ago . I tested it on just one finger -LRB- my thumb nail -RRB- , it was a tiny bit clumpy , I just figured it needed to be shaken more next time before using it . I sealed up the bottle and put it with the rest of the polish I have.Fast forward to this past weekend , I tried using the same polish and this time it was EXTREMELY chunky . It did n't go on well at all and looked horrible . I shook it like crazy and tried it on another finger , and it 's still awful.so , I e-mailed Zoya through their `` contact us '' link on the webpage and waited patiently for a response . Today , they tell me to get rejuvenating drops and try using that , that I obviously did n't put the cover on tight enough -LRB- cause clearly I have no idea how to close a nail polish bottle ? -RRB- . After expressing my disappointment in their awful customer service -LRB- and hence giving them yet another chance to make it right with me -RRB- , the woman forwarded my e-mail to her supervisor who then told me that I 'm basically out of luck cause I did n't report a ` flaw ' in the first ten days.Skip this product all together , it 's not as great as it 's price tag says it should be , I 'd rather have formaldehyde on my nails and deal with a company that stands behind their products 100 % .
 I got my nails painted with this at a salon and when I took the nail polish off , my nails where yellow ! It took over a week for the color to go away and it really pissed me off . Do n't waste your money on this .
 This polish , in color Pippa , is the worst I have encountered by Zoya . It is thick and bubbly . It wo n't spread out and looks like Swiss Cheese as it dries . I have not been able to use it once since I ordered it . I like the seller just fine , but they do not except returns . Still , this is something I would have never paid for had I known . I was really looking forward to wearing beautiful bright yellow polish . I guess I 'll just have to wait a while , as I ca n't get this kind of polish where I live -LRB- I 'd try the Butter color next -RRB- -LRB- on an island -RRB- and shipping for one nail polish is ridiculous .
 This color looks pretty in the picture but it 's very dark and old looking . I returned it . Google images the colors before you buy so you know what the true color looks like
 i bought this because it got really great reviews , but no matter what formula i use -LRB- base coat/topcoat/timing -RRB- , its too soft , and easily smudges . It also chips just as bad as $ 1 Brucci . Worse actually . I 'm not impressed
 This &#34; universal &#34; item would n't fit on my hair dryer , so I bought a new one . After forcefully shoving it on , very little air was able to come through . Then the diffuser kept popping off the hair dryer . So the box is gone and now I 'm stuck with it . A waste of money .
 Both Mascara Flextencils were very dry . I am wondering if the products sent via Amazon.com are old products sent back by stores after the expiration date.Most likely , I will not order these again on Amazon.com .
 On December I bought lipsticks from World Shoppers . I ordered # 16 Apricot Fantasy which is a very light pink/apricot color . I received a VERY DARK color -LRB- Chrome -RRB- . After I gave the company a bad review through Amazon , I received an email from World Shoppers telling me to contact them to resolve the situation . I emailed them as instructed and never received an answer back from them . I will NEVER use this company again !
 The product image is misleading because it shows two bottles . Because of this , I purchased this item when otherwise I would have purchased a different item . Only one bottle arrived in the mail .
 It did n't work at all . In fact , if you were to ask me , it made the puffiness under my eyes even worse .
 On December I bought lipsticks from World Shoppers . I ordered # 16 Apricot Fantasy which is a very light pink/apricot color . I received a VERY DARK color -LRB- Chrome -RRB- . After I gave the company a bad review through Amazon , I received an email from World Shoppers telling me to contact them to resolve the situation . I emailed them as instructed and never received an answer back from them . I will NEVER use this company again !
 I 've purchased this for several years and it has always been great . But not this time . The product inside the container was not the correct product . This is suppose to be a paste product and what was found was more of a gel product . The company I purchsed the product from evidently mispackage the goods . Also the containers were found to be half empty .
 I have used this product for over 15 years . I 've always liked it because of its refreshing smell , the hold and texture it leaves my hair with . For these reasons , the product has always been a 5 + star.Now I 'm giving a low rating to the seller -LRB- FraganceNet -RRB- , not the product , because the product they sent me has a very strange and unpleasant smell . It smells moldy ... the way it smells in places where it 's always damped and closed ... e.g. Under sink cabinets.I highly recommend this product , but do n't buy it from FraganceNet.I 've previously purchased this same product directly from Amazon.com and been very pleased with it .
 The product that I received was not at all what I was accustomed to . It arrived in the same bottle but the gel whip itself did not smell the same nor did it look the same . I was brave and went ahead and tried it . It does have some hold to it .
 I was using a similar product and found these to try . It seems to take off the color in layers , so multiple wipes need to be used . Also it leaves the color you took off all over your finger tips . Overall , very messy . I gave them away .
 I like the small size of the packets , nice to have in purse , make-up bag , etc. , BUT the polish remover does not work well at all . I have to rub and rub and rub , then it still does not remove all the polish . And this was on pale polish ! I would hate to think how many pads it would take to remove dark polish ! I would NOT purchase this product again .
 I rarely submit reviews , good or bad , so please take note on this one ... I purchased the shampoo and conditioner because the Paul Mitchell versions suddenly became price prohibitive . First couple of uses were fine , last night I decided to use a little more than usual , but nothing outrageous . As soon as I got out of the shower , my entire left eye area starting burning , itching , oozing , painful beyond imagination , blurred vision , burning around eyelids , eye socket , upper cheek , etc. . Almost the same time today I am not much better off , heading to an eye doctor within 15 minutes . The packaging clearly says `` do not get in eyes '' , but it does n't say what to do if you actually do get some in your eyes , or rather around your eyes , not sure what my case is exactly . In any case , the company has no contact information on the packaging or on their Web site other than an email address for customer service . Not too surprised that I have n't received a response back to my email as well . Unless you have a burning desire to cause some serious damage to your eyes , I would say you should probably look elsewhere . Btw , I just checked and a couple of places are offering the Paul Mitchell at the old price again , much better product , used for years , NO BURN !
 I ordered this lotion because a friend said it was fantastic . I have really sensitive skin . It burned and itched my face . I had to wash it off right away. , so I use it on my hands . Not very good moisturizer . My hands were dry again after a few minutes . I would n't recommend this for really sensitive skin . My husband likes it .
 This product does n't sell well and/or is n't popular because it contains BHT and EDTA . Please stop using this ! Some people will put anything in/on their bodies ...
 It made my hair soft , but I had to use a lot just to get my hair clean . I does n't lather .
 I had used up an earlier bottle that was truely herbal and based on yucca without all the bad petroleum products that are poisoning us . Imagine my horror at receiving this expensive bottle full of all those products ! Another good product bites the dust ! What a betrayal .
 being the container says shampoo on it I would think it would lather , it does n't . They even sent me a new bottle just in case there was a little mix up at the plant . The new one does n't lather either . I personally do n't like shampoo that does n't lather . It has the same look , smell , and consistency of the conditioner . Did anyone else try this shampoo ? does it lather for you ?
 The shipping was quick ; and the color looks very nice ; but , that 's about all the positive comments that I can provide ; becasue the umbrella stoped working after one day ; It did not stay open , the sections kept folding backward , I had to keep opening them every other second ; since I threw away the packaging that 's why I could not return it ; I was very disappointed .
 I do n't like flowery parfums , and was hoping for for something classic and timeless . Immediately I was shocked by very strong , unpleasant chemical vapor . I must say it gets better in about an hour , but the first impression right after applying ruins it for me .
 I used Cabochard many years ago . It was introduced in the 60 's . This product is not the same as the original perfume . It has a very strong and unpleasant -LRB- to me -RRB- aroma .
 Okay , for the price I took a chance . The smell is quite vile and seems to be perfumed with chemicals rather than essential oils . I was seduced by the description of the fragrance notes
 This smells just like Aramis mens cologne ! NASTY , AWFUL . What on earth was Madam Gres smoking when she created this one !!!!
 before I did n't know that Tweezerman nipper made in India . I always think it 's made only in Germany . Or may be this item is not original ? I do n't know what should I think ?
 Very cheap . I dont know what else to say about this . nit a good product at all . dont buy it .
 The Pre De Provence Milk Soap smells nice and is good for washing your hands , but be careful if you are looking for a body soap . This soap is not good for sensitive skin . I was looking for a soap made only with natural ingredients , so the name of the soap is somewhat misleading . It is made `` with '' natural herbs , but this only means the natural herbs are added to the main ingredients rather than only containing natural herbs . If you are looking for a natural soap that is good for sensitive skin , Pre De Provence Milk Soap is not recommended .
 Do n't even think about buying this product unless you already know what it smells like . It is a nasty sweet powdery smell that reminds me of Charmin toilet paper . I could not even get it off of me with soap and water . What was Monsieur Jacomo thinking when he made this travesty ?!?!?! I did not even want to return it so that nobody else has to smell this nastiness . Straight into the garbage it went . I paid $ 20 to learn never buy a fragrance based upon internet reviews unless your nose was already there . You have been warned .
 I have bought and loved this lotion for years , but they have changed the formula and , to my nose , it smells awful . The chai notes are much heavier and the vanilla is almost entirely overtaken by the spiciness . The bottles I received have `` new fragrance '' printed on them , but that is not indicated online . Also , the color of the lotion has changed from a neutral off-white/cream color to a light brown , which might not matter , but the sheen left behind seems distinctly shinier to me compared to some of the old formula I have left . Overall , this is a huge disappointment and I disliked it so much I actually returned both bottles , including the one I opened . If I thought it was no longer a favorite but bearable , I would have just used up the bottle I opened . It 's really a shame because I genuinely loved this lotion and always received enthusiastic compliments about it . I guess it 's time to find something new !
 smells really good at first , but after about 20 minutes it smells bad , like plastic/rubbery , nothing natural about the smell . I Threw it out because I just could n't stand the smell .
 When I saw the pictures for this eyeshadow , I thought it would be great ... after purchasing it , I wish I could take it back . The ads make it look really luminous and have a metallic sheen . I bought the silver color and it came off looking like just plain gray . Did not look metallic whatsoever ! Thought that maybe I needed to apply more but instead it just became a darker gray and creased instantly . Even blending with my finger did not help , it just looked horrible . I ended up wiping it all off , would NOT recommend this product if you are wanting the look in the ads .
 I thought I would get all 5 but only the one dark one came in the mail ... Who else ordered this please tell me if it 's the same with you !! I 'm very mad
 You think you 're getting more than 1 eyeshadow . The word boxed is misleading and the picture w / 5 eyeshadows is a real fooler ! I would not buy a blinded color again !
 I bought Ivoire De Balmain for years in department stores in NYC . Loved it , always got compliments and requests for what perfume I was wearing . Because I received gifts for several recent years of another wonderful perfume I had not purchased Ivoire . But I missed not being able to use it ; but could not find it at any department store in NYC , including Bloomingdales . So I went to Amazon . What a shock to discover Ivoire was no longer but a `` shadow of its former self . ''
 i thought i ordered ruby woo , a matte red . instead i receive a brownish color . it read retro instead of ruby woo . the package it came it was torn looked like it had been re used . I order the correct color from mac which i should have done in the first place . overall horrible service . i have pictures but am not sure how to post .
 i decided to use the murine ear wax removal and boy do i regret using it !! i read the positive reviews and decided to try it myself following the instructions carefully.hours later my eardrums were in constant sharp pain !! i read up on some other reviews from other websites and have noticed that many others have had similar symptoms but they all recovered by the following day , which was the same for me.I will prob never use this product again . Maybe i was one of the few that had reactions to murine . im sure it worked for others but unfortunately it did not for me . i am not sure as to why my ears hurt so badly but i can not take the chance and reuse this product .
 I bought this ear wax removal because I 've had a hard time hearing for the past year . I put the drops in at 11:30 pm and woke up at 3 am with the worst pain I 've ever experienced in my ear !!!!! I was in tears and was tempted to go to the emergency room . I looked up online if other people have experienced this and they have . So I took a few Tylenol and woke up in the morning with no pain . It was the most terrifying experience I 've ever had !!! Do not use these ear drops !!!!!!! I 'm telling you it 's a very scary experience !!!!!
 Alright , I purchased this kit at my local Longs Drugstore hoping to eventually hear a bit better . I had a notion that my recent degraded levels of hearing were due to wax buildup.I followed the directions to a T. . . I did not see any wax leave the ear after the warm water irrigation . Three hours later , I was in EXTREME pain . I have never had an ear infection -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- in my life so experiencing this major ear pain was the pain sensation I never knew could exist to say the least . After literally shedding tears over the pain in primarily my left ear and trying to deal with it via OTC pain meds , I had my husband drive me to a clinic.If I were n't in immense pain at the clinic , I would 've felt like a douche crying to the intake person , the vital signs checker , and the doctor about my idiotic choice to clean my ears this way . THANK YOU DOCTOR for whipping out some RX-level ear numbing/painkilling drops . They did the trick like , super fast and she also informed my -LRB- in a semi-lecturing tone -RRB- that I had absolutely no wax buildup and I need to throw the box of cleaner away and never again venture into earwax cleaning realm.Perhaps I had an extreme allergic reaction to the drops , but perhaps many people do -LRB- I read some other horrific similar stories on the internets -RRB- . If this is the case , the Murine folks need to put a better advisory on their box and make people aware of the likelyhood that some people experience EXTREME PAIN after these drops are administered . If I can prevent ANYONE -LRB- even my worst enemy -RRB- of experiencing this horrific ear pain , I feel a bit better about the world .
 WHAT A RIPOFF . I bought two boxes of this product , and used it as directed.It DID NOT REMOVE ANY WAX out of my ears at all .
 After reading the rave customer reviews about this product , I decided to give it a try and used it exactly as directed . Nothing happened . I 'm so disappointed . The only thing good about it was the price , that I did n't lose much money because of it . If I thought it would do any good , I 'd return the product to the company and ask for my money back . Would not recommend it to anyone . Such a let down .
 it did not worked for me , I still have pain in my ears from the drops after 24 h , there was nothing coming out and due to the pain as after affect I am not going to put the drops again in my ears , the syringe ball is not really unpractical for my ears eater , i feel like wasted my money with this product .
 I used it on just one ear and put in 3 drops . Went to bed and woke up with excruciating ear pain . Two hours later still pain , 400 MG motrin still pain , I then flushed my ear with hot water . Less pain but NEVER AGAIN ! Im headed to the dr in the morning .
 The container is cute but i thought it would smell better . Disappointed ! I would not tell my friends about this .
 I always wonder about expiration dates on products . I would have to guess that this may have been discounted because it may be out of date . I 'm very familiar with the product line , and this is not what I was used too . Essentially , there was zero progress or difference in my skin !!!
 cheap battery cells , but if you get it cheap , like $ 2-3 , worth it ; otherwise , its GE junk ! I doubt it is really 1300mAh . Probably more like 700mAh w / a short life .
 When I received the product , I thought it had a yellow crust on top . But , the yellow is all through the tub . According to my stylist , it has done something to the ends of my hair . I have used this brand for many years , but the quality of the products from this supplier is n't great .
 I have combination skin and mild rosacea . This product smelled wonderful , was pleasant to use and calming but left my skin extremely dry and flaky . I purchased it because I use and love other Dermalogica products , especially the Multi-Vitamin Eye Lift treatment . I 've returned to Dove for Sensitive Skin at a fraction of the price .
 I ordered 4 different products from the bare mineral line on amazon . I had previously gotten facials done at a spa that used the dermalogica line and loved the way the products really helped out the dryness/redness of my cheeks . I received the products and right away noticed that they didnt even smell the same as the stuff in the salon . I tried it anyways . . used all 4 for over a month and saw absolutely no improvement what so ever . I guess that 's what I get for buying them at a discount .
 this product was not as i expected it to be.this perfume has very light smell which wont last more than 30 minutes ... u can hardly smell it fragnance ... so i wont recommend this product ...
 I get the product for incorrect address ; thank resubmit to the following address liberty 8536NW 66TH ST miami FL 33166 2635
 Make the purchase , the debited from my credit card and I get just a perfume of the two that came in this package .
 Stay away from this seller!The perfume turned out to be either fake or old and the cap did not fit . Did not smell good.Legendz requested return for analysis . I requested a shipping call tag from them since my UPS store would not accept the perfume for return shipment . It is ` Hazardous Material ' . Have not heard from them since . It has been over a week !
 Although the package of Chanel perfume was sealed , it reeked of either cigrette smoke or fire damage smoke . . the perfume itself smells rancid -LRB- beyond it 's shelf life -RRB- ... . I 've worn this perfume alot in the past so I know the difference between good perfume or rancid ... . so it seems I am stuck with it & SWAG will not refund my $ $ $ back to me . I still have all the packaging together . The only positive was the shipping was done in a timely manner.This was my first & only time I have ever used Amazon.com or SWAG ... do n't think I will ever try either again.I registered a complaint to SWAG Fragrance ... but their only response was ... ------------- Begin message ------------- I 'm sorry unfortunately , I ca n't really do anything about that .1 of Allure Sensuelle by Chanel for Women , Eau De Parfum Spray , 3.4 Ounce -LSB- ASIN
 i spent too much money for that , not even close to the original , not lasting , that so called fragrance is so fake , i am soo disappointed ...
 Buyer beware ! I 've been wearing Chanel 's Allure Sensuelle for a couple of years and it 's my favorite scent . It has a very distinct and deep fragrant . I can no longer find it in stores , so I was excited when I found it on Amazon through one of their vendors . I am very disappointed with what I received , it really smells like some knock-off brand . If it was a Chanel original , it is extremely old . The scent is very faint , almost one-dimensional , and does not stay .
 Buyer Beware !! I believe I was ripped off when I received this product from `` All in Beauty '' . Cheap imposter ! Neither the shampoo or conditioner has the mint tingle at all . And both products smell like cheap Men 's cologne !
 I 'm not sure what 's going on here or why there are such discrepancies between the reviews but recently I received this product from Beena Beauty Holding Inc. . I was expecting to experience a minty tingle on my scalp as I have with the Paul Mitchell Tea Tree product I 've used before . Unfortunately the shampoo went on just like any generic shampoo except with a very strong and synthetic lavender -LRB- and to me unpleasant -RRB- odor . This definitely does n't jive with the majority of the reviews and I 'm wondering if Amazon has n't mixed all the Paul Mitchell Tea Tree product reviews together . The strong synthetic lavender scent lingers for a very long time . I wo n't be able to use this product due to the strong odor . I plan on looking into this to see if I can get to the bottom of it . Hopefully I can return these two bottles .
 I only used the product itself once , it left my hair FEELING nice , but I got an instant headache from the scent . A few of the other reviewers noted how the scent stays with you all day long . They were right . I initially thought that I would like the scent because I usually like the smell of mint , and I also like the smell of lavender.I however , never thought about the two smells combined . It is n't EXACTLY like patchouli , but WAY too close for my comfort !
 I assumed it was a spray for the price I paid for it . You know what happens when you assume , do n't you?It was not a spray . It was a shake in your hand , then put it on your face . This is what I call B.S. !
 I have a question about this product . It arrived fine and appears to be the original Santa Fe cologne - but the top of the bottle appears to be missing . There is just a hole where it looks like the sprayer should go . Help !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I was so excited to find a mini eyelash curler in hopes that i could get my outter and inner most eyelashes ... I went with this Zhen one ... the most expensive one and it is CRAP ! It does no work ... i tried it a few time and finally i have given up i just use my regular curler . I tried lightly pressing ... squeezing ... using it w/o mascarra tring it once i put mascarra on ... EVERYTHING and nothing worked ! I ca n't say enough bad things about this . Would have returned it but wasnt worth it to have to pay return shipping . WORST purchase ever !
 YOU CAN BUY THIS AT ULTA , TOO . I DID N'T KNOW THAT UNTIL RECENTLY . THIS IS ALL PLASTIC AND CHEAP . I WANTED AN ALTERNATIVE TO PLUCKING MY CORNER LASHES BECAUSE THEY ARE IMPOSSIBLE TO CURL EVEN WITH THIS ! OH WELL I TRIED AND DID NOT LIKE .
 I am very disappointed with this hair dryer . I thought it was suppose to dry my hair in less time , it does n't . I also purchased it because it was suppose to be light weight , it is not.If I had it to do again I would not purchase this hair dryer . I also would not recommend it to anyone .
 I loved this hairdryer for the first three months I had it . Then , it started whining and smoking . I thought , `` No problem , I 'll return it to BioIonic , and they will replace it . '' I had saved all the warranty information so read the directions . BioIonic wants $ 18.95 to send it to the repair center . That is completely absurd ! They charge over $ 100.00 for a hairdryer that only works three months , and they want me to pay more ? I will never buy anything made by this company again .
 OHHH NO THEY DID N'T !!
 The way this is advertised , it appears as if you are getting 4 of this item , in ` assorted colors . '' Nope , you are just getting ONE , in whatever color they choose to send you . Yes when I read further I saw it was just `` one . '' I was willing to pay more for shipping than for the item itself , believing I was getting all four colors displayed . Since I just got one , and realized my mistake for not reading the details , I would recommend you not buy this item . Definitely not worth it .
 I purchased this scrub because I love most of the aveeno proucts , was in need of a facial scrub , and thought I would give it a try . What really got my attention , was that right on front , it says `` gentle scrub to even skin tone and texture . '' That was exactly what I was looking for ! I have noticed my skin has gotten somewhat flakey lately , and the texture needed a boost , and i also have a sort of red t-zone . I DO moisturize . I have found a happy medium for my normally combination skin . ANYWAY . I also have sensitive skin , so this prouct seemed like the obvious fit.I was really disappointed . I 've been using it for a few weeks now , and I 'm just not happy . The first time I used it , I was surprised it had tiny tiny beads . I figured it was because it is a `` gentle '' scrub , so I was okay with that ... except it did n't expholiate my skin at all . I sat there for a good 5 minutes , and it really did n't do much at all.I 've kept using it , because sometimes products just take time for you to see a difference , but I have n't seen any good changes in my skin . The opposite actually.I definitely needs to be paired with a facial cleanser . But I have noticed that I have had 2 pimples , that keep flairing up , while using this product . Usually a pimple will come , be ugly for a few days , then go away . For some reason , if you have a pimple and use this scrub , it might go away for a few days , but then it comes back , and will feel like a brand new pimple . I 'm completely confused as to whats going on with that . BUT , overall , I 'm just disappointed .
 I like the Aveeno products I 've tried , including this one . However , considering the reasons I purchased this product , I would have to say I 'm disappointed with it . This product is generally not working for me.First of all , some others here mention the smaller beads . That might seem like a small concern . However , I think the beads are the reason this product wo n't work for everyone -- I believe that this product is mainly for those with sensitive skin , and that 's what they should advertise so the rest of us can save our money . I can see how big/harsh beads can irritate some people 's skin , and I 've seen reviews of this product where many people have mentioned a scrub by St. Ives as an example of a harsh scrub . However , unless you have that problem of most scrubs irritating your skin , the seemingly non-existent beads in this product are just not going to get the job done on your skin ... or maybe it will , but it will take a long time.Second , this product claims to do some things I do n't think it does , or maybe -- again -- it only does it for those with sensitive skin . For example , I have not seen my skin `` brighten '' so much as look shiny/oily in certain spots , particularly my forehead . Another thing is I do have uneven skin tone and texture , and it is not doing a thing for that . The product also does n't really lather that well -LRB- unless maybe your face is soaked ? -RRB- , so I , personally , have to keep squeezing more out and wetting my face to get enough on as you need to rub this scrub in pretty good and for a while.Third , I assumed that a product that would exfoliate the skin would also help with acne and have been led to believe by some reviews I 've seen that it HAS helped some people with acne . In fact , the reason I bought this product in the first place is that my mother has it and suggested it for my skin . I used hers at her house a few times and liked the way it made my skin feel , so I decided to buy one of my own . At its price , now I 'm kind of sorry I did . My acne is just the same as ever -- pimples/scars did not fade one bit with this product -- and , in fact , every time after using this product the same spot on my chin has become inflamed , i.e. itching/stinging sensation that just would not go away -LRB- this would go on for hours -RRB- and a raised spot , kind of like a small swelling . The last time I used this product , I applied it to my forehead and cheeks only and my chin did not become inflamed . Aside from that slight inflammation , it 's as if the product does nothing but moisturizes my face , not exfoliate it.I give the product two stars because I did like how it made my skin feel in general , especially right after using it . If I want to moisturize my skin , I will definitely use it . But I 've already moved on to another product to try and treat my acne and help with skin tone/texture , Clean & Clear Oxygenating Scrub . I 've been using this for a very short amount of time , but I can already note some key differences -- bigger beads , a much nicer feel after using it -LRB- definitely feels amazing and like it 's working -RRB- , some of my pimples feel like they are shrinking within an hour of usage , skin feels INCREDIBLY soft -LRB- even my hands -RRB- , do n't have to use much to rub it on your face and feel it working , etc. . I think this Clean & Clear scrub is going to be what I was looking for and might recommend this to people who need a stronger scrub than Aveeno 's but a scrub that 's not TOO strong -LRB- this C&C ; scrub says it 's good for daily use just as Aveeno 's does -RRB- , but I will write a separate review under that product after I 've used it more and can report more reliably . As for this Aveeno scrub , I have the foam cleanser and I 'm not sure I can tell the difference between the foam cleanser and this scrub . If you have one , do n't buy the other ...
 I 've been using this for a little while and I noticed my face broke out more often when I was using it . Then I bothered to read the ingredients and noticed it contains Sodium Hydroxide . Sodium Hydroxide is , among many other industrial purposes , used to turn animal carcasses into pulp . Granted , SH is the last ingredient but I ca n't help but think that using this product over time could be a cancer or skin damage risk . I 'll just copy and paste what I found on a website called truthinaging ... `` Sodium Hydroxide is , however , a known irritant . Studies by the National Institute for Occupation Safety and Health found that this ingredient causes `` Irritation eyes , skin , mucous membrane ; pneumonitis ; eye , skin burns ; temporary loss of hair '' and recommends that consumers prevent skin and eye contact . The CDC reports that `` Skin contact with sodium hydroxide can cause severe burns with deep ulcerations . Pain and irritation are evident within 3 minutes , but contact with dilute solutions may not cause symptoms for several hours . Contact with the eye may produce pain and irritation , and in severe cases , clouding of the eye and blindness . '' Solutions as weak as .12 % have shown to destruct healthy skin cells within one hour . Other studies acknowledge Sodium Hydroxide as a strong irritant that is corrosive to the skin , eyes , and respiratory tract , but that the severity of the effects are related directly to concentration and pH levels , as well as the length of exposure and skin type . `` I think I 'm going to be switching back to Queen Helene facial scrub .
 My skin
 There are many Aveeno products I love and work very well . This is a decent scrub minus the brightening . Aveeno needs to toss this one because the results -LRB- zero -RRB- make you feel like you are either not sure what brighter skin means or lied to .
 I usually try new face cleaning products . I want to find the ONE that makes my face radiant or at least I see result =--RRB- This is the first time I tried Aveeno and it has disappointed me immensely and harmed my face . I would not have mind if I did not see results , rather than feeling like I am had a chemical peel gone horribly wrong.Supposedly this is for sensitive skin , well I never labeled my skin as sensitive , but after using this product I do not know how people with sensitive skin can use this product ! I only use the product twice . I have already experience both skin irritation and dryness , mostly around my lips and nose . I am constantly aware of skin 's condition and there is a slight burning sensation . I stopped using it and I am now trying to put face creme but it only makes the burning sensation feel stronger . I need to buy a deep moisturizing creme and a new daily scrub . Back to my Go 360 Clean Deep Exfoliating Scrub dependable product for the time being , until I feel safe trying a new product ...
 I had tried different face washes but really needed a scrub for my combination oily/dry skin . I get oily but seem to have dry patches with flaky skin , but do not have very sensitive skin . I tried Aveeno and was disappointed . Not only did I think it could have bigger grains to exfoliate , it completely dried out my face and made it feel tight after it was dry . After about a week I tried the Clean and Clear scrub and absolutely love it . So this might be good for people with sensitive skin or who do n't want too much in the way of the granules in the product , but it did n't work for me .
 Aveeno has always done wonders for my skin so I decided that I would try this and see what happens . I was sadly disappointed . This product didnt lighten my skin at all and I used it for a month and a half and used more than half the bottle . Even after that I saw no evidence of skin lightening . I have severe acne and I know that it wasnt going to work miracles . When I used this product I paired it with the Aveeno Oatmeal bath bar . I just wanted to see a small change and I didnt even get that . I did give me this `` clean '' feeling on my face and my skin felt smooth to the touch after using it . But thats not what I bought it for . Other than the fact that it was supposed to lighten my skin , there are no cons to using this product . Maybe you have to have a certain skin type to see results .
 I have oily , oily , oily skin . I would wash my face with this scrub , go to bed and then wake-up and my face would be extremely oily . It 's like my oily glands went into overdrive . I did n't notice any of the skin brightening claims . The only thing I love about this product is the smell . I love the smell and that 's it !
 This stuff is terrible . It makes my skin break out because it leaves a waxy residue on your face after you wash it off that clogs my pores . Also , the `` microbeads '' are a joke - you can barely tell they 're there and they do n't help exfoliate at all . Worst of all is that this scrub is like a gel , and I prefer scrubs that are like a cream . To top it off , it does not `` brighten '' or even out my skin tone at all . I would not buy this garbage again .
 I have been using this product for the past 2 days and so far , my acne has worsen and my skin has been feeling itchy .
 I gave this stuff a chance and used it for a couple months.The tiny stones or whatever those things were only irritated my skin . It evens out your complexion alright , by making your face and cheeks abnormally red from the irritation . Since it advertises evening out complexion , I figured the red blotches from this product would even out eventually but to no avail . If that 's what they call radiant , stay far away from this product.Only when I stopped using this product and went back to what I was using before , my skin actually got better than before I started using the Aveeno scrub.I 'd like to believe the Aveeno brand is in business to help improve skin tone and texture , but this formula was just not right for me . I would not recommend this product to anybody and I hope they discontinue this product .
 The scrub did not live up to my expectations , no brightening of skin , didnt feel it cleansed well enough : -LRB-
 The conditioner version of Magic Botanicals for Thinning Hair , Fragrance Free , does not have parabens , and I must have misread the ingredient list or not seen it , because this shampoo has parabens . The product is also very thin and watery , which makes it difficult to pour into your palm before lathering in your hair . The conditioner is also a bit thin , and I will not be purchasing either product again . I have many allergies to fragrances , parabens , balsam of peru , etc. so I get excited when I find a product I am able to use . This is just another disapoitment . : -LRB-
 Unfortunately Total Block did not work well with my rosacea sensitive skin . It caused my skin to become very red and irritated by the end of the day . I do n't doubt this is an excellent sunblock , just not for my rosacea sensitive skin . I use it now on my arms with no problems.I do feel it is very expensive for so little product so will not repurchase .
 Another failed sunscreen!It does not go on clear as advertised and it stains clothes.It dries out the skin and makes wrinkles more pronounced . I also had a breakout with this one on my face and neck as I did with the one for sensitive skin.Something in these Fallene products does not agree with my sensitive skin . This was the 2nd one purchased at the same time .
 I bought this sunscreen at the insistance of my mother who was just diagnosed with skin cancer on her face . I am naturally quite tan and she is not . So after applying it I looked like I had a significant chalky hue to my face and my face was much whiter than my neck and arms . It did not `` sink in '' no matter how much I tried to rub it in . It did not apply well on my kids faces either . So I gave that to my mom . I switched to Neutrogena Ultra Sheer dry touch SPF 70 . It works very well with all of us and was recommended by my dermatologist . I did also buy Fallene Cotz SPF 58 -LRB- a slight deal if you buy it together with Total Block -RRB- and it also does not rub in but I will use it on my kids until it runs out since it does n't burn their eyes .
 This product feels like grain on the face , I do n't care for that feel . They should improve that . Other wise I suppose it does the job .
 I decided to give it a try because of the previous good reviews of using it for outdoor activities ... After received it , I have been using it for months mostly for my water sessions , which are about an hour to two hours each session . I will not reapply it after getting out to the water , and i think it should be able to protect my skins for at least an hour or two ... however , it does n't , my skins still get tan after each session , and the worse is the sun spots on my face are darkening ... and I have to use a special face cream to fade the unwanted sun spots after showering ... so what 's the point of using it ??? for outdoor activities , i do n't think it can fully protect human skins from the damage of sun exposure , like i said earlier , and it is much more expensive then those sun blocks -LRB- around ten dollars -RRB- in the drugstores . I did n't return it because I could n't tell the actual result from using it on the first few times ; however , after 30 days of ordering it , i confirm its ineffectiveness when i have used it more ... well ... two stars are for its light weight , non-greasy texture , and decent smell , so it can be applied under the foundation for daily use ; however , there are tons of similar products that gals can use it under the foundation and are much cheaper ; or tons of foundation already have spf . perhaps guys ' skins are n't that delicate as gals ' ... my husband uses it too ... but i still see his sun spots on his face ... he just does n't care about that ... does n't mean that works though
 We used this product today and found that we still received sun burns and that the product has a foul odor . I would not recommend it .
 My face burns very badly , I have tried just about every sunblock out there and still burn just different degrees of it . I bought SPF 65 Total Block because it had good reviews here and thought I had finally found my answer . It did keep me from burning better than other products but it did not go on clear as stated I am fair skinned and when applied it went on with a white tint and this isnt acceptable to me as I deal with the public in my profession . I wont purchase this product again .
 I 've been using Fallene Total Block UVA/UVB clear SPF 65 sunblock for a few years . I was so happy to have discovered this product since I was allergic to most other sunscreens . I recently ordered a bottle again and I used it once . I GOT SUNBURNED ! I could n't believe it , because it used to be totally effective . I compared the ingredients to my old bottle and the active ingredients have changed . Very disappointing . I have switched to Blue Lizard for sensitive skin and I like it but it 's only SPF 35 not 65 .
 I was looking for a good total block . I still got freckles with this block even when using it diligently . It is kind of runny but very sticky . . If it spills on anything it is hard to get off .
 I purchased this as I do most Amazon products -- based on the reviews . Unfortunately this product was too thick to spread on my face , even when I moisturized first , mixed moisturizer with the product , applied to a wet face , added water , nothing would evenly distribute the &#34; cream &#34; on my face , rendering it useless .
 This is NOT Mac make up ! First of all , the product was oily and did not apply like traditional mac . I kept using it thinking it got too hot and that was why it was oily , but then I discovered the product is half full ! It 's a false bottom . Real Macs container is about 1/2 '' deep , this stuff is barely 1/4 '' deep ! I would request a refund but the process takes forever and the aggravation is not worth the $ 10 I 'll probably get back . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE !!!
 WARNING !!! This seller is selling fake products . I 've been using the real MAC product for years , and decided to order this because I 've been working too much to find time to get to the MAC store . So I took a chance ... BUT this is not it . The packaging looks real , but the product seems to be a completely different consistency , like it was cut with vaseline , or god knows what . DO NOT BUY !!! FRAUD !!!!!!!! I will report them . Selling fake cosmetics is dangerous , and not hygienic .
 I can buy this product for cheaper on Mac website or in store . Why would one want to pay nearly $ 10 more ?!
 The product is fake ! It has a different smell , a different texture , and it does n't do the job well , it 's not covering my daughter 's zits .
 I give this item 2 stars because I like MAC . But this item from this seller was shipped USPS and by the time I got home and took it out if the mailbox it was completely melted and had leaked out if its container . I did not use the concealer , I threw it away .
 It made my face feel like leather . Not worth the $ $ you spend on the little tube they give you . Spent $ 75.00 trying to repair my face after I used it .
 We 're a Molton Brown household but this is a bad product . It smells weird enough that when I first used it , I went searching to find out what smelled bad in the bathroom to find out it was my hair !!
 I agree 100 % with the reviewer that rated this product badly , in my case the perfume is way too old as well . It was poor judgement on my part since I remember the date was advertised , I ordered it anyway since this particular perfume is n't made anymore for women , it is either for men or Eau de Adrien for women . When I used it 8 years ago , it was a heavenly fragrance , everybody asked me
 Came and was old , very disappointing to the recipient aas it was to have been a big surprise . I emailed and called with no response so notified American Express and it is being investigated . Also earlier had ordered lotion and it came as a tester with no Box - am warning friends not to order from fragrance.net
 I had purchased this item as it had been highly recommended , however I wish to inform customers of the problem I have encountered . After TWO uses the product failed on me , it did not switch on . Having spent a large some of money on the product I am very very disappointed at the result . I highly recommend customers to think very carefully prior to purchase .
 I do n't think this is the genuine product . I think it is one of those `` like '' perfumes . There is no information on the bottle re
 I was really looking foward to using this iron based on research and reviews and am very disappointed as the iron does n't heat up well . It could be that I received a defective product , but the seller will not exchange it . Poor iron/unreliable seller.Bionic I-Smooth RTX-2 Nano-Ionic Conditioning Straightening Iron , 1 ''
 Frances Denney is marketing this '' imposter '' as Interlude bath and body perfume ! At one time I think it was called a bath and body oil . I have used this fragrance for many , many years . The last few years , the formula has drastically changed . The origional formula had a slight oily feel and lasted all day and evening.Had lots of compliments . The best smelling part of the house was my closet.I loved the lingering scent on my coats and jackets.I have contacted Denney quite a number of times over the years . They certainly are not the most cordial company , nor are they concerned about customer service . If they bothered to respond at all , I was told the formula has never changed.I would have to call them LIARS.Would love to find a company that has some old product .
 I wanted an alternative to mascara . This product is messy , diffucult to apply , and you have to use a q-tip and the oil they provide to remove it from you skin . Also , it was supposed to last a few days - my thinking was that I would actually wake up with eyelashes . But that was not the case - gone by the next morning .
 Headband is a little too large and no way to compensate for that . Also stretches out a lot from one use and does n't shrink back up after washing and drying . Not worth the time and money to return .
 I bought this Acqua Di Parma Colonia aftershave balm -LRB- 2.5 oz -RRB- from Archipelago Botanicals because my stock , bought from Nordstrom , was running out . On a per ounce basis , this was a great deal , and I bought several bottles . That turned out to be a mistake.One morning , I finally ran out of the Acqua Di Parma bought at Nordstrom . I had already put aftershave on half of my face , but I had n't finished the job . So , I took out a bottle bought from Archipelago Botanicals . Immediately something seemed wrong . The Archipelago Botanicals bottle had a different label from the Nordstrom bottle . I opened the bottle , and the Acqua Di Parma bought from Archipelago Botanicals smelled different from the Acqua Di Parma bought at Nordstrom . There is no reason that the same aftershave should smell completely different.I do n't know if the `` Acqua Di Parma '' bought from Archipelago Botanicals was fake or if it was just very old . But it was not the same as the much more expensive -LRB- but new and genuine -RRB- Acqua Di Parma bought at Nordstrom . I can not recommend buying Acqua Di Parma from Archipelago Botanicals.Follow-up
 Hate it ... never will i buy cologne online without smelling it . It had good reviews so i thought of buying it
 I purchased this deodorant after reading the great reviews , but I have to say it is the worst deodorant in the world . Yes , it smells good , but the scent is short-lived . To keep it going you would have to probably reapply 4 or more times a day . Besides , it does n't even have an anti-perspirant ingredient . So while I agree the scent is great , the performance is not . I ca n't believe I spent $ 35 for a deodorant that does n't work .
 This powder does n't smell like much and certainly not Aqua di Parma . I would n't spend your hard earned money on it . I love A di P and was willing to pay extra for the talc but this is a HUGE disappointment . I think it 's a fake and I recommend not buying it .
 FOR ALL OF THE POSITIVE THINGS I HAVE READ ABOUT THIS FRAGRANCE , I ORDERED IT AND WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE FRAGRANCE . I HAVE USED IT ONCE AND WILL PROBABLY NEVER TRY IT AGAIN . ACQUA DI PARMA COLONIA IS WAY TOO UNPLEASANT FOR MY TASTES .
 I read all the reviews and decided to try the normalizing shampoo . I 've only used it a couple times , but each time I use it , it leaves my hair too dry . It makes my hair hard to comb through . I do have oily hair so I do n't understand why it is n't working for me . I think it 's due to the fact that this shampoo containes sulfates which I think I 'm sensitive to .
 `` Biolage normalizing botanical complex deeply cleanse the scalp without drying hair , leaving hair fresh , full of body and responsiveness `` They promise a `` deep cleansing '' without drying out your scalp . Yipee . That 's what EVERY shampoo does at the least.I 'm not spending thirty bucks on something that claps it own hands for doing the basic minimum . I have oily hair , and I want a shampoo that helps eliminate that - not an overpriced megabottle which promises nothing more than `` not damaging '' my scalp .
 I bought this based on the great reviews , but , at least for me , I did n't like the scent . Not soft or pleasant , but a bit too harsh ... too `` cliche perfume-ish ''
 Not received as advertised . Told by customer service that complete description was available if I had clicked the pic . Do n't think so . Finally after some time and discussion was told the correct item would be shipped . After no notification for two weeks , called again . Told that it was out of stock and my refund check would be sent . Over a week and no refund check . Bought the product at Ulta in Sac for same price once shipping was added . First disappointing transaction in years .
 I ordered the 1.7 EDP . Was sent the 3.4 EDT . Very dissapointed . If I would have wanted the EDT I could have gotten it for much cheaper from a different seller . I wanted the EDP because it is stronger . I did not bother to send back because I had been waiting for it , and did n't want to have to wait a few weeks longer .
 I got this thinking that it would be better than the savon de marseille soaps . The minute I opened the box , I was hit by this really strong smell . One thing is for sure , this stuff will linger on your skin . The scent was all over the box and it was n't even out of the packaging yet . Unfortunately , unless you like the way it smells right away , you wo n't enjoy this product . It reminded me of one of those old lady scents , so I returned it .
 Was so excited to receive this soap - I waited a really long time to receive it . The verbena scent is very nice , but there is an underneath smell that is unbearable to me . I triple wrapped it and gave it away and that person hated it , too . Maybe it 's the shea butter that smells bad - I do n't know . I 'll stick to the other French soap that has rose petals in it .
 This stuff peels right off . For all the hype I expected more . I applied 2 coats and still it was peeling off the next day . A far superior product is OPI Nail Envy .
 It was hard to find the ingredients , but for those who have had bad reactions to other nail products with formalin/formaldehyde/tolulene , here are the Rejuvacote ingredients : Ethyl Acetate , butyl acetate , nitrocellulose , toluenesulfonamide/formaldehyde resin , isopropyl alcohol , n-butyl alcohol , trymethyl penthanyl , dissobutyrate , camphor , hydrolized wheat protein , hydrolyzed keratin , hydrolized soy protein , calcium pantothenate.Update
 I thought this product would be amazing . Until i applied it onto my nails and it BURNS , i dont know why but it does . It feels like my fingernails are on fire ! Do not waste money on this product .
 Toxic ingredients . All around DANGEROUS.Ingredients
 had to wash it off , it is the strongest smelling hand cream I 've ever used .
 I love Gucci Rush , but I was really shocked how high the price was for a sample.I found an ounce on ebay for 45.00 . And the shipping was free.They were very quick to refund my money though .
 Item pictured was NOT the item I got . I wanted the older version , as pictured , but got the newer one . Very dissatisfied .
 Though the shipping was fast I opened the package only to find a completely different kind of hair gel . Instead of my Power Control Style Gel , Mega Hold ... I got Extreme Style , Ultimate Hold Power Gel . They could be the same but the packaging design is completely different ...
 This expensive thing only works for a couple of months ! And my wife is not even a heavy user , only using it 3 times a week ! Tried follow other users ' comment on how short it last & the way to fix it , but in vain .
 I really was n't happy with this straightening iron and do not find it at all worth the rather hefty sum it costs . I have long naturally wavy brown hair and was expecting better results from this flat iron that the usual ones you can pick up for about $ 20 at a department store . Instead , my hair was limp and lacked shine , even when accompanying the use of the iron with some hair smoothing milk . The flat iron failed to straighten some areas of my hair ; there were kinks left even after using the iron for 20 minutes . I do not recommend this product .
 My daughter has been very happy with this straightener , except that our second one in the last 10 months just broke . Just as others have written -LRB- SHANTEC gives the best description -RRB- , the cord will break internally where it connects to the body . The green light will flicker , then it will only work if you hold it in a certain position -- making it impossible to use -- and then it will fail completely . The manufacturer should be ashamed of this design which it surely knows about by now . So the bottom line is this
 I had submitted a review in February after owning this iron for about 10 months . Now that I have owned it a year and no longer have a warranty it has quit working . It is a great iron , but only plan to have it for a year . If you are only interested in a short time using a great iron , and then spending the 100 + dollars again , then GET THIS IRON . I was VERY disappointed when it broke , as I thought I 'd get 2-3 years out of it . It is made really lightweight ... so I guess it should not have surprised me . I just hate spending more money so soon . I am going to send it to the company and see if they will help me . SAVE your receipt . I typically ALWAYS do , but for some reason I ca n't find this one . ugh
 I got my first sedu about four years ago -LRB- the first one , that is -RRB- . I praised it and suggeted to my family members that oooohed and ahhhed to get one as well . After almost 6 months I plugged it in and sparks shot out of it . I know what you 're thinking
 I LOVED my Sedu !!! I loved it so much that I purchased a second one because the first one got a short in the wire after I had it for a while . I bought my second one off of an auction site and within 2 months , the same thing happened ! There is a short in the wire and it wo n't stay on . I contacted them to see if they will except an exchange although I do not have a receipt or the original packaging . I have yet to hear back . Although this has been the best flat iron I have ever used , I will not purchase another and suggest that you do not waste your money on this as it does n't last long !
 Counterfeit !! Bought Oct 15 and it stopped turning on on Jan 15 , so at exactly 3 months old . Tried to contact the manufacturer for the warranty info but the item is missing the serial numbers needed . They informed me that it is a counterfeit item which they have been having a lot of issues with . After much prying and a lot of time , Amazon finally refunded . But buyer beware !!
 I wanted to try the Sedu because of the raves . The best thing about it is how lightweight it is . The worst thing about it is that the exterior gets very hot - it 's definitely hot enough to burn your skin . So you can only hold the Sedu with one hand which makes it difficult to steady the iron from different angles.I 've used several types of flat irons , and own the Chi Turbo and the T3 . I 've never seen an iron that has this problem . I do like how lightweight the Sedu is ... but I like not burning myself more . I think this is a serious product defect , and I would not recommend it.Another reason Sedu loses credibility with me is that they claim to have been featured in Allure magazine , and they also claim to be used by celebrities like Jennifer Aniston . -LRB- Both have been proven untrue . -RRB- In addition , Folica also gives $ 5 credit to customers for positive mentions of their products online.This makes all Sedu raves questionable , especially considering that the product is defective , and potentially dangerous . You can do better with your money .
 It looked used and had pieces of hair and makeup stuck between the iron plates . Overall , I was not satisfied with this product .
 I had one of these flat irons for a few years and it worked great . After about 3 years , it just stopped turning on for no reason . I got a new one and it lasted a year and ended up not turning on again for no reason what so ever one day . Just for the fact that I 've had two of the same exact product just stop working in the same way , makes these flat irons too unreliable . Would recommend for someone who does n't mind buying a brand new one every year .
 I bought this iron for my wife in July 2009 . She loved it but the iron developed an electrical short where the cord enters the iron . After doing some research my wife told me that 3 years is about the maximum life expectancy for a straightening iron . On June 18 , reluctantly , I ordered this same straightening iron as a replacement . This one has shorted out in the same place but after only 4 months ! Not impressed ! Save your money -- buy something else .
 My hair is very wavy , dry , and a little course . I read the reviews and I thought this product was going to be right for me . It worked fine at first , but no better than a Chi you could buy at Ulta with a coupon . I was not impressed with the way it straightened . To top it all off , I only bought it in June and it completely stopped working mid March . Save your money and buy a Chi .
 My first Sedu lasted almost five years so when it finally died , I immediately set out to get a new one . The only difference between the new Sedu and the old Sedu was the cord . The new Sedu 's cord does not swivel . All was good for almost three months when suddenly one morning , the Sedu would not turn on . Because I had purchased the Sedu through Folica 's store on Amazon , I decided to call Folica to initiate the return process since Amazon 's 30 day return period had ended . Unfortunately , Folica had no record of my purchase and claims that someone is fraudulently selling items on Amazon using their storefront . I tend to think the problem lies with Folica and their incompetence . I would think that if Folica had been hacked like they claimed , they would want to make the situation right with their customers . Unfortunately , they did not . They offered no help and referred me back to Amazon . Fortunately , Amazon is a stand-up company with unmatched customer service and made the situation right . If you must buy this defective product , I would not purchase it from Folica . There are several other retailers that are Sedu authorized sellers .
 I bought this after buying into the many rave reviews and was rightfully disappointed . My hair was not &#34; softer , silkier , or smoother than ever ! &#34; . The plate edges are straight rather than beveled , and clamp rather than float , so it does not glide through your hair without catching the ends and DOES leave impression marks . The swivel cord is so rigid that my iron will only lay on it 's side.I just ca n't imagine what the other reviewers were using before they bought this over-priced , average , hair appliance .
 I ca n't complain about the results that the Sedu Pro gave me -- that 's what the stars are for . Really , after using several brands of flat irons , including Solano and CHI , I can say with certainty that the Sedu gave me superior results and was also easier and quicker to use . There 's no coating on the plates that starts to flake off like you find on other irons , and I suspect it 's the sleek plates themselves that contribute to this product 's success . BUT ... What I * can * complain about is the shoddy construction of the rest of it ! I 'm on my second Sedu now -LRB- 1.5 years -RRB- , and what seems to be happening with this iron is that the handle gets loose and the plates wo n't align with each other . This morning , the plates finally gave way completely , the handle `` dismantled , '' and the iron is toast . Looking at the pieces I have left after the Sedu practically crumbled in my hand , I can see why this happened -- only a couple of strips of thin plastic keep the handle attached.Now , I only flat-iron my hair a couple of times a week , so it 's not like I 'm giving the iron a workout . I really want the Sedu to work for me -- like I said , it gives me excellent results , far better than any other brand . But the construction of the device leaves a lot to be desired , and I really do not want to dish out another $ 100 + for an item that wo n't even reach the year mark . Does anyone out there have a better recommendation ? I 'm willing to pay a little bit more for a product that 's more durable.EDITED TO ADD
 I loved this flat iron until it stopped working . I returned it after having it for 6 months . They sent me a replacement . 6 months later , I 'm having the same problem again . it 's not under warranty anymore , so I 'm stuck with a pricey , not working flat iron.I use it just for my own use . So it 's not on a lot . Just for 15 minutes each day when I do my hair .
 My hair is naturally curly , but also professionally straightened with a cold smooth system . My stylist told me you get what you pay for when it comes to straightening irons , so I decided to order the Sedu . What a disappointment ! It works no better than the straightening iron I bought at Sharper Image a couple years ago , which costs less than half the price of the Sedu . I 've now had two stylists recommend the Chi and think I will try that . Do n't waste your money on the Sedu !
 In Quantum physics , when you send negative ions around the space you are in they can often cause there to be overpopulation of these negative ions compared to the positives in your body , this can cause a unbalance in how your body and mind functions . This device will eventually do just that .
 I bought this in Jan , 2012 for my daughter and it already stopped working . It is not worth it . I will not recommend anyone to buy it .
 I needed a new iron after my -LRB- I guess looking back at it -- VERY DEPENDABLE -RRB- CHI of a couple of years died . So I looked at many reviews and everywhere pointed to this iron as the freaking god of all irons . It lasted only THREE months before it just stopped working . The green light would just turn off , and I would have to hold it in the most impossible angles just to have it start to heat up again . Then finally , two days ago , it just stopped working all together . After relentlessly waving it around in different angles for 10 minutes , I just gave up . Should have looked into this `` cord problem '' more intently , even though its not a swivel cord anymore . Stupid , crappy engineering ! While it worked , it DID straighten well , too bad it lasts as long as something that should be priced 10 dollars should last . I 'm literally never buying a Sedu again unless they figure out how to produce non-crappy irons . I can not believe I wasted my hard-earned money on this piece of junk . If you 're going to be spending this much on an iron , might as well just go ahead and spend more on one that does n't have a breakage problem . Right now I 'm going to try the Babyliss Pro Nano Titanium iron and see if it does n't break within three months . - ____ -
 This iron worked very well for about 4 months . Unexpectedly the cord stopped working and I was no longer able to use this flat iron . I have used Sedu in the past but this model was terrible , unless I just got a lemon .
 This was a great hair straightener for two months . Then two months and four days after I bought it , it just stopped cold as I was straightening my hair . I used it twice a week at a 360 degree setting , and it had done a great job before it broke a little more than two months later . Save your money and buy another brand !
 Ughh , let me just say how shocked I was on the body of this flat iron . It is very cheaply made . Compared to other flatirons in the same price category , I was so shocked that this is what people have been hyping . What is the hype about ?! I flat ironed my african american kinky hair and it did a sub par job . It was n't anything to run home about . I actually had to grab hold of my other iron to finish off the job . This flat iron is seriously overpriced !!! I 'd soo prefer a solia !
 After using this for about a week , I found that it was no better than a cheaper brand I was previously using . The iron gets super hot and there is no place to hold on to it without burning your hand . I do n't know if they are all like this or if mine was defective . For the price , I was not impressed .
 This stuff is really really thick and will feel greasy on your skin ... It 's only good for tiny tiny tattoos ... trust me , you DONT want to rub it onto a large piece . . if you take this to the beach , sang will get stuck to your tattoo.Also , you 're only receiving a .45 oz stick !!!! You can easily buy a 10oz bottle of sunblock lotion for the same price , and it will absorb into your skin .
 This scent was too strong . I was hoping for a light rose scent , but this smelled heavy and very old lady like .
 after reading all the great reviews i figured i should give this perfume a try . especially since it was so cheap . big mistake . it STINKS !!!!! i normally dont rate things i buy on amazon but i had to this time .
 My husband got me the tea rose perfume and the KISS perfume . the kiss smelled amazing but the tea rose was probably the worst thing i have ever smelled .
 I 'm rarely , if ever , sensitive to perfume , but this perfume is one of those exceptions . I 've tried wearing it on more than one occasion , and every time I 've ended up with a headache . Also , the rose scent is sharp and unnatural .
 I could n't wait for this fragrance to be delivered - it was one of my favorites many years ago and I wore it on a daily basis . Most reviewers raved about this product . Wish I could have felt the same . It does not last , smells synthetic with hard edges instead of like a freshly opened rose . I tried using it is a room spray but again , totally disappointing . Sad but , for me , true .
 The smell is strong and not anything like rose or sandlewood . I am sure the product is a copy of the original . I would n't use it .
 I did buy it severals months ago without testing before . And when I received this , I could n't breathe because of it 's dark strong smell . I had a headache immediately !
 I thought the reviews for this product sounded good and it was inexpensive . I have to say that personally I found the scent to be stale and sort of a chemical smell . It reminded me of something gone bad , rather than fresh roses .
 like my title said that this is a very bad perfume one could call . no wonder it is cheap . you pay what you get indeed .
 I really think that this perfume smells like ammonia after a while . At first it smells like roses , then like cat pee . Yuck . I 've tried it several times to make sure that it was not just a weird fluke , and it really does remind me of cat pee . It is like one of the low notes in the perfume smells like ammonia . I also do n't think it is just that the fragrance does not mix with my body chemistry , because it does the same thing on clothes .
 Remembered this lovely fragrance from my grandmother , who was the best-smelling woman around . My mother told me that she wore the `` original '' Perfumers Workshop Tea Rose.After receiving this product I can only surmise that either this is not the `` original '' , is a different Perfumers Workshop , or they have changed their formula.This smells very artificial , almost plastic-y . When you spray it on your arm , the scent is completely gone in an hour or so -LRB- probably good in this case -RRB- . Fortunately it was not an expensive product , so it was n't a great loss . I miss the lovely fragrance that my grandmother wore , and hope that somewhere out there it still exists .
 I bought it because of the good reviews and because I was looking for something natural that smells of roses . Very disapointed . I simply do not like the way it smells . Makes me think of cheap air deodorizer .
 It certainly smells like roses but its overpowering and far too strong . Higher quality perfumes tend to be more subtle and this was more like a room spray with spicy undertones . I read some of the other negative reviews and they claim this EDT smells different than the perfume , so perhaps this is why there are so many positive reviews . It does n't smell as bad as other cheap perfumes because the smell of alcohol is faint , but its not a pleasant smell and the lack of the alcohol scent was its only strong point , even the bottle looks cheap . I ended up giving mine away to a thrift store . I have found other perfumes under $ 20 that smell like higher quality perfumes but this was n't one of them . Do n't make the same mistake as me and buy it based on reviews . Smell this before you buy it to make sure you like it .
 This product feels okay on the skin but leaves a highly visible white film on the skin . I 'm not sure if it is apparent on other races but it is very noticeable on African American skin tones . It looks like I 've applied cheap foundation shades too light on my face.I can not wear it outdoors in front of people during the day -LRB- and I 'm cheap ! :-RRB- -RRB- so I use it as my night time moisturizer before bed . Imagine using an SPF moisturizer only to bed ... Will not repurchase once I 've used it all .
 This is a very good product but according to the product specifications on this website you are buying one that has already expired . So if you are interested in the product be aware of the conditions you are buying it .
 I tried this product cause it specifically say face lotion . . They should have said its a face mask or somethig . . it really leaves a white mask on face and I would say dont go for it . . but not sur eof the protection from SUN Cause its soo embarassing to wear it and go out !
 I Bought this good looking unit 1 year ago and it stops working in half way this morning . So I had to put on a cap and get another clipper from a local store , embarrassingly.This unit looks good by the first sight . No surprisingly , it gave a good performance for the first few times . Smoothly and precisely . I use it twice a month and maintain it after every use , of course , following the instruction . By now it dead after about 25 uses.So I made a call to the customer service dept. of CONAIR . The interesting thing happened , the service rep did n't recognize the model number HC318R which was engraved on the unit ! After I attempted get her help to find the model number , she started to yell at me
 I 've been cutting my own hair for about 16 years and I was excited to try out some wireless clippers because the cord is annoying . These clippers look good , but they pulled my hair like crazy . I would not recommend these clippers .
 The scent of this handsoap is far too strong and it does n't smeall a thing like the lemon verbena plants I love to grow . It was disappointing .
 I gave it 2 stars , because it cleans and feels fine , but it smells so horrible I had to soak my hands in baking soda and vinegar for 20 minutes to even diminish the odor . It said LEMON ! VERBENA ! WHICH I LOVE ! But it smells like some kind of vomit mixed with flowery perfume from some place cheap and bad . Seriously , it is one of the worst smelling soaps I have ever encountered.I hope they change the fragrance .
 Mrs. Meyers ' hand soap kills your hands . Mine are cracked and dry unlike ever before . I 've been using the Basil and it 's a nightmare - it 's not just a bit of dryness , my hands are sore . I 've never had a problem like this with any soap or with excessively dry hands until I met Mrs. Meyers . It 's the Chinese drywall of hand soaps .
 After reading all the glowing reviews , I decided to order this soap . What a disappointment it was . It was rather harsh on my skin and the fragrance was not lemony at all . In fact it was rather unpleasant . Unfortunately these six bottles are going in the garbage can . I 'm still in search for the perfect liquid hand soap .
 we ordered the lavender and it was horrible ! it smelled so awful !!! it would n't even come off my hands after washing them with a different soup !!!! ewwww .
 This is a good soap and smells great , but I am really disappointed that it has harmful toxins in it . I guess it is environmentally friendly , but people seem to care more about whether it 's safe for the environment than being safe for their own bodies . Check for yourself on -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I spent over two years reading all kinds of books on the ingredients in cleaners and cosmetics and when I read the ingredient label on Mrs. Meyer 's I was so disappointed because it had all the ingredients that I have learned are not good ingredients . I had heard so much about this brand that I had hope I could use it and love it , but with these ingredients , I will avoid it like the plague . Too bad , we could use some more good natural products and I was investigating these as Christmas presents but now I can not in good conscience allow them anywhere near my grand children or my children . I am so disappointed .
 I bought the lemon verbena fragrance in this hand soap . Although it cleans well , I found the product to be very irritating , causing itching , dryness and redness of my hands . If you 're searching for a natural hand soap , I recommend Dr. Bronner 's Castile Soap . It 's SLS free , great for your skin and the environment , and a little goes a long way .
 First let me say this is my first review although I have been buying from Amazon for years . I also have been using Mrs. Meyers products for several years . I believe my most recent purchase of Mrs. Meyer 's hand soap is a knock off . I have the real stuff from the company and this order of hand soap does not smell or feel the same . It smells pungent , very drying and the bottles were broken . Ingredients are slightly different and the back label is different . I am going to contact both Amazon and Mrs. Meyers company , but I felt I should warn others .
 This soap 's fragrance is very strong . I have it in my kitchen and , if I use it before I eat , it can overpower my meals . My wife and kids mus n't like it either as it sits beside the Soft Soap and goes unused . I 've tried and enjoyed some of the other cleaners in this line , but the hand soap is too fragrant .
 This gets 2 stars because its soap and it works like soap - it gets my hands clean.In the mean time , though , it smells awful . The scent is sooooo overpowering that my husband and I pretty much hate it . We have the Lavender scented soap and it is just bad . It almost has a sort of metallic tangy smell to it - not like any lavender I 've ever met .
 I really wish I could love Mrs. Meyer 's body products . I think they smell amazing , but good grief , my skin has never been so dry than when using these products . I have tried the hand soap in Basil , Parsley and Lavender - all smell great , all leave my hands literally cracking and peeling from dryness . I have also tried the bar soap for use in the shower - same thing - Smells great , leaves my skin ashy , white and flaky . I do n't have sensitive skin either , it 's just something in these products that strip my skin down to nothing . Maybe you 'll have better luck , but I do n't recommend this product to anyone with dry or sensitive skin .
 I bought this product with the hopes that it would help to clear my mild to moderate acne . At the time I started using the productI had very litte acne on my face . I used this prodcut for 4 weeks , I actually just stopped yesterday . It had ben making my face worse by the day ; I was getting little white heads and red bumps all around my lip and chin area . The day time lotion is very greasy and leaves your skin shiny . I finally had to go back to proactiv . I do no recommend this product nor will I purchase any further clearasil products .
 I bought this set and am very dissappointed . . I did not get it at Amazon . . It takes 15-20 minutes for the curlers to heat . . the strips that are supposed to make it easy to curl cause problems with putting the clips in to hold the curler if they wind up in the wrong spot . . which happens most of the time . They are very hot to handle . They do produce great results if you can get past all the issues .
 I owned this set for about 2 and a half years before I finally just gave up and switched to a different brand of hot rollers -LRB- I used it about 4-5 times per year -RRB- . First off , the rollers are very heavy so when you have them all in place , it feels like you are carrying a laundry basket on your head . Second , the rollers are hot to the touch so burning can be an issue when rolling up your hair . Third , the clips used to hold the rollers in place are fantastically difficult to use . I would roll up my hair -LRB- which would take like , 30 minutes because of the difficulty -RRB- , and if I walked around the house to watch TV while I waited for my hair to set , the clips would spring out of place and shoot across the room . I eventually lost like 6 clips from the `` springing out '' thing.The results of these rollers were great , though . I used them on my wedding day and people loved it . Good results , but not worth the time and effort to use these rollers .
 I purchased the Conair 20 piece roller set only because the rods were all the same size . I had some old rollers from a Clairol hot roller set that wore out . I had that set for probably 5 to 7 years . It lasted a long time and I wish they still made them.I have had 4 of the Conair sets in the past 2 years . It seems the longer you use them the longer it takes for them to warm up . I threw them out because I thought they were bad sets . I should have called the company and complained but I did n't know if I still had the receipts.I have n't found any other hot roller sets that will work for me . I have very thin & fine hair and I have to use a spray gel to set my hair . So the velvet rollers do not work for me . I have tried one of the ionic roller sets but they were so hot I burned my fingers.I have also tried the curling irons , but my hair does n't hold curl very well with them . I am still looking for a set similar to the old Clairol set . If anyone has found something similar please let me know .
 I have used this Conair hairsetter for 3 months . The rollers take a very long time to heat - allow a half hour . The clips are too big for the rollers at the curved end and the rollers fall out easily - moments after putting them in . I use the clips from an old Clairol set that I had saved . And ... though I have shiny curls upon removing the rollers , the curls fall out completely after an hour and my hair looks like it was n't styled at all ! I have wavy hair that 's not hard to curl . I 've owned ten sets of rollers over 30 years . This is the worst . What 's up with this BAD product from Conair who are the granddaddys of hair appliances ? I 'm throwing them out and wo n't buy Conair again !
 I do n't know what happened to this product , but whatever it was , it was n't good . I had purchased my first vial nearly a year earlier and was thrilled with the scent , and it lasted all day . It was sweet , sensual , wonderful . This new edition is none of those things.First off it does not smell the same , there is no longer the sweetness , the floral tones so important , obviously . Second , it does n't last , which is now I suppose a good thing.I ended up pitching the whole thing , I was n't going to wear it , it was just taking up space . Too bad , it had been my favorite .
 Too strong ! Not my scent ! It gives me headache . -- I bought this several months ago and tried several times to appreciate the smell since all the reviews were great but this is really a strong scent and I ca n't take it . Sorry ...
 Is my mom 's favorite perfum , in Mexico I have troubles to find it . I bought it in this web site but I received the perfum opened and somebody used it because the original package was open .
 I ordered this because I heard good things about using clay on your hair but this just did n't do much for my fine , thin hair .
 This is a not for sale sample that does not stay the way the real perfume does . I wish the Glamourous comes back to market soon ...
 Very poor quality cheap ! don not buy you are better off spending more for better quality ! I wish I would have returned it when I had the chance
 No good as a Pedicure Kit or my toe nails are too tough . Wasted my money on this item . Ray B.
 I expected to use the electric manicure/pedicure kit for my finger and toe nails . I am 67 years old , and doing my nails is not easy any more . This product worked but required alot more time to do finger nails than it did with clippers and nail file . Forget about it doing any kind of job in trimming toe nails ; even filing seemed to take a much longer time . It needs more speed and better/stronger filing tools to get the job done in less than an afternoon .
 My wife being from Europe , is really into foot care , so I thought I 'd buy her one.Save your money !! She hates it !! The revolutions are simply not high enough to get rid of callouses.It 's probably fine for fingernails , but not for stubborn foot callouses.It is not worth the money .
 This product is very elementary and has no power behind it to do any kind of pedicure job . I was very disappointed in it , it looked good , but is certainly NOT anywhere near a professional tool and I would not recommend it to anyone .
 I previously had the Medicool TurboFile II device but it broke down so I decided to purchase this one as a replacement . The device does work , but it is nowhere near as powerful as the Medicool device . For harder nails , the increased friction from applying increased pressure easily -LRB- and constantly -RRB- stops the head from spinning ; it simply does not possess the high torque of other devices . I would recommend this product only for light tasks .
 Did not have the proper attachments for a pedicure . Lost charge quickly . IO had to do pedicure/manicure in stages while waiting for the tool to recharge-definitely inferior to Dremel .
 I am not thrilled with this product , as it lacks quality and is NOT durable . Attachments are very small and need replacements . Very little power for the job it was designed to do . Since I 'm not long on patience , it ended up in the garbage !
 The electric tool is just fine , but the bits are worthless . I used the fingernail bit once and it was worthless after that . Better to get a Dremel and use their bits .
 I am not happy with my purchase . The ad said it was electric and it is actually battery powered . Tried it and wish I had not purchased it .
 For that much money , I expected a REAL Tool with Real Power and Serious Implements . This is a toy !
 I received this about a year ago and it worked great ... but now it does not hold a charge at all and is not usable .
 I bought this kit and it is a huge disappointment . They included two of one type of file for acrylic nails that I ca n't use and omitted the one I could use for natural nails . After no less than 6 phone calls , waiting on hold , calling manufacturer and amazon , many emails and promises , I still do not have the missing piece I paid for . buyer beware ; : - -LRB-
 its not what i expected ... its like water in a tube that burns your lips . . the package does not even look like the one shown .
 I order this item and I have not seen any results from using it at night . It suppose to help your eyebrow and lashes grow , but I am only using for my eyebrow . I have been using it now for about three weeks . I will not recommend this product to anyone .
 I have yet to receive this product and received no response to the emails I have sent regarding the status .
 The reviews about `` musky odor '' made me think it would be suitable for men . Q10 works for our skin too , right ? Apparently not . My partner hated this . Her comment
 The ingredients in this product have high toxicity ratings
 I thought I should share some info about this product . I am a big fan of Neutrogena . However , this lotion tends to run into my eyes and it really burns and stings . I use their 30 + sunblock stick , and it does not sting when you touch your eyes/face . I am SUPER disappointed b/c I really need to find an awesome moisturizer with high SPF that does not sting/burn when it is applied on my face .
 This may be an excellent product , but if the manufacturer is unwilling to list `` active ingredients '' , it is of no value .
 My family and I have been a fan of Watkins lemon creme lotion for several years . It was the best lotion I think we had ever used , never greasy and a yummy lemon creme `` cookie '' scent . My last purchase made in Dec. 09 I now regret . I received my 3 bottle shipment only to discover that Watkins had changed the product ! They changed the label , but hey , most products change their label , no biggie . WELL , they changed more than their label ! The lotion now is kind of greasy and it smells more like lemon furniture polish ! YUK !! I called the Watkins company and the woman I talked to said that they have been getting complaints about the changes . Why would they change such a good product ? The only reason I can think of is , of course , greed ! The stuff is not inexpensive as it is . I plan on returning my purchase and looking elsewhere for a better product . My advice is , do n't buy this lotion .
 I had high hopes for this shampoo after reading so many positive reviews . I think it might have done good things for my scalp but it kind of wrecked the texture of my hair . It took a couple of weeks of treatments and a hair cut to get it mostly back to normal . Also , the smell ? Not so great . Quite overpowering actually and I 've used shampoos packed with strong levels of tea tree oil and neem - both of which can be pretty stinky - and they were nothing compared to the chemical smell of this shampoo .
 This product stains ! And it does n't adhere to the hair . After wearing two pink streaks all day long , every time I 'd run my fingers through my hair they 'd turn pink . My shirt also got dyed pink throughout the day . If you want pink streaks you 're better off bleaching the hair and using cool aid as pink dye . If you want a Halloween pink hair look you 're better off with a pink wig .
 Thought this would be a great sunblock , and I 'm sure it is . However , for some reason my foundation will not apply correctly over it . After the foundation is on , my face starts flaking ... like the sunblock is coming off and mixing with the color . I have to completely wash off everything and try again . Having done this several times to no avail , I stopped using it . Does anyone know why it would do this ? Wish I could use it ... do n't like throwing money away .
 ****** When I first used this product , I liked it . -LRB- See my original review , below -RRB- . However , after using part of the second tube of the two pack , it , too , separated into a clear oil and a white creme . When I squeeze it onto my fingers it is a disgusting mess . The product is now unusable . With both tubes having gone bad , I have a very low opinion of this product . Moreover , after over a month of using this stuff , my skin began to break out regularly in areas where I applied the product . Coincidence ? Maybe . ****** Apart from the fact that it works well and is supposedly better at blocking rays that age and promote skin cancer , I did have a small problem . After using it for about two weeks I squeezed some out into my hand , one morning , only to find it had separated into a clear liquid and a cream . I shook the tube but it never had the same consistency -- always a little bit of clear liquid on the edge of the white creme . Still seemed to work the same , though . Would be a five star product but for this issue .
 the quality of this product is poor . I 've tried so far 3 colors & none gave me a good definition . It does not glide easily & gives you a dirty line . the lead breaks easily even if I keep it very short . One pencil hardly lasted 2 weeks because you keep on throwing the unused broken pieces of lead . It 's not worth buying
 after two months i still have not got my aftershave and company not replying now !
 Carefully read the ingredients before you buy this . It has parabens in it and tons of other ingredients I would n't want on my skin ! You can buy an all natural alternative for the same price .
 I am very disappointed!I have never rec 'd this item or a credit -LRB- refund -RRB- for this item . I have called customer serviceseveral times & keep getting the run around.No resolution has transpired for this purchase .
 I ordered a four pack of the product -LSB- Clean & Clear Cooling Daily Pore Toner , 8 oz -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB- -RSB- , and received only one ! The product was filled to the top . When I opened it , it did n't have any smell . This is a facial cleaning product that normally has a strong smell . It appeared that someone had filled it with water . I am VERY disappointed . $ 10.00 lost . It went in the trash . CD
 Bought this for my wife to try . We both agreed
 this perfume is strong , offensive , the type that will give you a headache . there are no hints of captivating notes . there is no allure , nothing mysterious or beautiful . it smells like a concoction of random toxic chemicals direct from a test tube . it is the kind of perfume someone with no taste slaps on just for the sake of wearing a perfume . then for the rest of the day everyone within a 15 foot vicinity suffers .
 I purchased this mirror for my fiance for Christmas . I was embaressed when he took it out of the box ! It 's poorly made , the mirror looks warped no matter which way you turn it , the shelf is too flimsy to hold anything ... As if that 's not bad enough , the first time he used it , it completely fogged up ! This was a complete and total watse of $ 54.00 . I would n't recommend this mirror to anyone .
 I have purchased many fog-less shower mirrors from Zadrow . The last purchases I made the mirror was not mounted properly within the framework of the item and fell off shattering on my shower floor . The second purchase the mirror itself was again not sticking to the double back sticky tape the manufacture uses to mount the mirror to the body.I placed a third order and finally received an item that performs well.The bottom line is the manufacture must have had a production run of improperly assembled mirror to body units and I was unfortunate to receive two of them.Poor quality control will make me more cautious about reordering this item again .
 First the mirror : * It fogs ... maybe not at first , but eventually it will fog up regularly . * The suction cups do n't work for long ... most nights I 'll awaken to the sound of it falling in the shower at 5am . * It looks like it 's metal , but it 's plastic.Now for the company ... The warranty is pathetic ... Zadro warrants all their products for only 90 days ! And you have to pay $ 5 to have the product fixed under warranty . -LRB- In addition to paying shipping ... but most companies require that -RRB- . How can a company not stand behind its products for more than 90 days ? And why would you want to do business with such a company ?
 I brought the sample size at Wal-Mart for $ 1.00 or so , thank god I did n't invest in a full-size . It says its for daily use , but I find that hard to believe . This stuff dries my skin out like no other product ive used . It has exfoliating beads in it that are way too harsh for my face . It you insist in getting this , set aside some money for a moisturizer , you 'll need it .
 I brought the sample size at Wal-Mart for $ 1.00 or so , thank god I did n't invest in a full-size . It says its for daily use , but I find that hard to believe . This stuff dries my skin out like no other product ive used . It has exfoliating beads in it that are way too harsh for my face . If you insist in getting this , set aside some money for a moisturizer , you 'll need it .
 Very thick and plush , but definately not practical as a spa slipper . You wo n't be able to polish your toes before inserting because the individual spaces are tight together after the huge space from the big toe . Nor practical after inserting toes either because of the fluffiness.Also , it 's design throws the foot at a weird angle . You can adjust the first toe to line it up so your foot is correct on the slipper but the individual spaces after the first toe are too far from the first toe and they throw the foot sideways off the side of the slippers . I will have to remove most of them if not all of the individual ones.Worth keeping though as comfortable flip flop slippers for the $ 12 .
 Purchased from cosmetic solutions on amazon and the tube arrived used ! I contacted the seller and did n't get a response . It looks pretty enough but I guess I 'll never know how it looks on -LRB- me -RRB- .
 It does not smell like the Cashmere at Macy 's . But , kept it just to use for everyday until it runs out .
 After being impressed by a `` sniffer '' in a newspaper supplement , shopped online . Found this , appeared to be the best deal . Disappointed because I did n't notice that it 's toilet water , not perfume . Oh well , it 's only seventy bucks . Also , the `` sniffer '' smelled better .
 DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY !!! Yeah it 's true it 's a steal for $ 41.00 until they charge the $ 28 for shipping and handling . No wonder they can sell the item for so cheap , they make up for it by over charging you on shipping . I would advise that if you 're wanting to save money , buy at the store , it 's $ 58 at Macy 's which is $ 11 cheaper than buying from this company . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY !!!!!
 Was excited to try this product , have tried so many others for puffy eyes , but wasdisappointed to find it does not work , in fact , have not found , at any price , aproduct that does?Will keep trying !
 Someone recommended this product for me . Naturally i bought it in search of reducing and fine lines around my eyes and I looked forward to all the benefits this eyecream promised.Well that 's all it was - promises . I saw none of the benefits.I would not buy it , there are numerous products that are far superior to this one .
 Ordered this for my wife as she has used it for years and was running out . Amazon did a poor job packing it and the bottle was broken when delivered . Naturally , amazon wo n't do a thing about it and I 'm out $ 20 ! I also can not return because it is listed as a `` hazardous material '' . I expected more from amazon than what I got -LRB- which was nothing ! -RRB- .
 I have been buying this perfume for years from The Perfume spot and Fragrence net and never had a problem . Tried it through Amazon and Perfume World and as far as I can tell it is fake . If it is n't fake it is very old . The bottle does not have the signiture G on it and it does not smell right or last . Of course I did not realize any of this until it was to late to return . I have never bothered to write a review before but I 'm not happy and do n't want others disappointed too.It 's a great perfume but do n't order from Perfume World and if you do it 's at your own risk .
 This perfume is old , I ca n't smell anything . . all I smell is anxiton ... very bad . . I want to return but amazon wo n't allow me to . Very disappointed at this product
 I ordered this product for Christmas . Never received any notification that it was shipped . Never got the product . I 'll be checking my January CC statement for charges then notify the bank .
 i 've had cheaper products work much better . gave it a 2star bc it was not greasy but otherwise nothing else . returned it 3weeks ego and still no answer from seller . will update if i dont hear from them
 The bag as shown has a velcro closure for the handles . No velcro closure . It was advertised as the original Baggalini , but it has less storage inside . The one that was delivered the zipper was ripped on the interior . Save you rmoney , buy something else . I returned it .
 Baggallini Complete Cosmetic Bagg - The Bagallini cosmetic bag is not as well made as I would expect from them ! I have three of their other style bags and love them ! This bag 's material is thin and translucent -LRB- not their usual -RRB- , and offers no padding or protection for your contents , which may be fragile . The compartments are not well thought out -LRB- too large -RRB- and are impractical or impossible to access without other items cascading elsewhere out of the bag . Access to some compartments require you to twist sections of the bag upside down while hanging -LRB- very awkward -RRB- . The most annoying aspect of this bag is the single zipper tab , where two would have made more sense . It is difficult to locate and access contents quickly . The hanger is flimsy . Although I love the turquoise color I chose , I would not recommend this bag to anyone !
 The bag as shown has a velcro closure for the handles . No velcro closure . It was advertised as the original Baggalini , but it has less storage inside . The one that was delivered the zipper was ripped on the interior . Save you rmoney , buy something else . I returned it .
 Baggallini Complete Cosmetic Bagg - The Bagallini cosmetic bag is not as well made as I would expect from them ! I have three of their other style bags and love them ! This bag 's material is thin and translucent -LRB- not their usual -RRB- , and offers no padding or protection for your contents , which may be fragile . The compartments are not well thought out -LRB- too large -RRB- and are impractical or impossible to access without other items cascading elsewhere out of the bag . Access to some compartments require you to twist sections of the bag upside down while hanging -LRB- very awkward -RRB- . The most annoying aspect of this bag is the single zipper tab , where two would have made more sense . It is difficult to locate and access contents quickly . The hanger is flimsy . Although I love the turquoise color I chose , I would not recommend this bag to anyone !
 I only like the feel of the polish when I use it - It has a way too strong smell that is not as nice ; nor is it as nice as your lavender polish was - The lavender was the best I have used ever .
 I use Pureology shampoo only because I have keratin straightening treament on my hair . After buying the bottles at a high markup at the salon for 2 years , I decided to order online . I noticed a change in my hair after using the bottles I ordered vs the ones from the salon . The shampoo and condition smell real and may not be 100 % fake but are definitely diluted or are fake and just smell and look the same . I had to get my hair restraightened after 2 months -LRB- and for $ 400 -RRB- vs after 7 months with the salon shampoo . DO NOT buy this product !!!
 Just read the review about the change of ownership ! Now I know why my new 33.8 supply of Hydrate shampoo has changed from the last and is no longer great . Scent is missing ; shampoo is thicker and lighter in color , and it leaves my hair too soft , limp and difficult to manage . Never again will I buy this product ! Why do large corporations always ruin a good thing ?
 I love this shampoo . But what is up with the huge price increase?When I bought this same item -LRB- same size -RRB- in November of 2009 , it was $ 36.44 . Now it is $ 51 ? The shampoo market is too competitive for customers to continue buying if there 's a 40 % markup .
 It is not possible to give a review , becose we never recieved the parfum.We are still waitting till we recieve the OSE parfumWhit best regardsJohn Niessen
 I was charged an additional $ 22 to be able to pick up the item ? was told it 's duties by the broker ?
 I bought this item from a local beauty supply store . I had several problems w / the flat iron . First , my hair is fairly long , and when I would slide the hair along the plate , hairs would get caught between the plate and the plastic that held the plate , breaking the hairs . It did n't matter how big or small the section of hair was , some would get caught.Second , the iron completely stopped working after about six months . It was if the `` on '' switch stopped working . Setting the appliance to `` on '' did n't cause the power light to come on , and the appliance did n't heat up . I sent the appliance back to Helen of Troy , only for them to tell me they did n't have a replacement model in stock , and they could n't tell me when they * would * have on in stock . They did n't tell me this until 4 weeks after I sent them the item for replacement.Long story short , save your money , buy a different appliance !
 For the first three months of use with this straightener , I was thrilled with the results . My frizzy , thick , dry , curly locks had been transformed into sleek , shiny strands . It was great ! About 3 months into using it however , it stopped heating . I had done nothing to the appliance , so I figured it was just a defect and sent it in to Helen of Troy -LRB- the company that produces it -RRB- for a replacement . 11/2 months later , I receive my replacement . Things are going good until yesterday , it stopped heating again ! Something is definately wrong with the way these straighteners are produced . I would recommend getting an HAI instead . My friend has had her 's for over 18 months and has had no trouble whatsoever . Remember - always go with ceramic for less damage to your hair , and make sure that the straightener produces at least 170 watts of power . Happy shopping !
 I am so disappointed in this product . This is nothing but mineral oil lotion . There are no ingredients for healing or itch relief . The ingredients list includes `` fragrance , '' which is hardly necessary and usually left out of products for sensitive skin.My advice is to buy an unscented , allergy-tested lotion in the local discount store and save money .
 I have made a choice to avoid personal products made in China . You should let customers know these are from China .
 Perhaps it 's just my hair type . Totally possible . I bought a $ 15 straightener at a drug store and prefer it over this one . My hair is still super frizzy when I use it , and it pulled my hair . I 'm no new iron user , so I 'm not retarded . It 's supposed to work a certain way and it did n't . Maybe I just got a defective product , who knows . I 'm optimistic . But unfortunately I 'll never buy anything from HairArt again .
 I purchased this product 3 times total . Once for my friend as a present and twice for myself . The product works wonderfully if it can keep from falling apart . The one I bought for my friend broke after a month and the 1st one I bought myself broke after 2 weeks . The replacement for my 1st one just broke after 7 months -LRB- taking and burning a chunk of my hair in the process -RRB- . My roomate also has a hairart flat iron that broke soon after buying , in all these cases the plates fall out . In short I would not waste my money on this product . Spend it on one that will at least last a year .
 broke after 8 months on a year warranty . messages for refund and or return to the seller have not been responded to nor acknoledged . poor item lousy service-don ' t buy
 My mom was sold this straightner from her hair stylist and they said that it worked really good , just as good as the chi 's . Since she did n't use it all that much she gave it to me after my HAI broke -LRB- which staightened my hair pretty well , i miss it -RRB- . But no . No it is n't the same as a chi at all . Or hai . I have wavy , curly hair and after i use it i have still have puffy , wavy hair ten minutes later because my hair is so thick and it wont staighten it fast enough . Save your dollars for another staightener . Preferbly the chi . But dont buy the chi from amazon aparently since it does n't come with a warranty .
 This was a gift I ordered and did n't know that it was different from what I ordered until my sister-in-law told me . I contacted the company twice about sending it back , and they never responded . So , my sister-in-law kept it and I bought her another gift , as well . Very disappointed in the fact that the company just never responded .
 I do n't like that scent . The other Mariella scents are much better but now you can not get them and if you find them they are sooooo outrageous . What is going on ?
 I am a huge fan of Paula Dorf makeup . I use her oil free liquid foundation and all her brushes . I have been ordering this powder for over 5 years . The last 2 pressed powders I received are a different formula . They now have a horrible orange hue undertone . I even have an old powder and I compared it side to side and it definitely looks different . They must have changed the formula or something . The first powder that looked bad , I thought was an anomaly . But the next one I ordered was the same . Both of those are in the garbage and a costly mistake at that . I am very dissappointed . I will now have to find another powder .
 Eau Du Soir BY Sisley For Women - 3.4 oz EDP SprayI am very concerned that the product I purchased is a fake ! I smell too much alcohol in the product and it gives me a headache . The product was wrapped in bubble wrap and did not come in a box as I thought it should . I will not know for sure until I can get to a store that I know carries Eau du Soir and do a comparison . I wanted to wait until I compared my product to one at a department store that carries it but I do not know how soon I can get to the mall so I am submitting my review.If indeed when I sample the product at a retail store and still believe it is not a legitimate product , I will report it .
 I am usually open to all things sweet & cola-ish , but this was just a weird , alcohol like scent . Maybe good for layering & a decent price , so all was not lost .
 Sounds like I was n't the only one that this happened to . Talk about disappointing . I also waited and waited for this product and come to find out weeks later I get an e-mail stating they no longer have this product.I can not even begin to tell you how upset I was , well actually I still am.I can only rate this product 1 star , even thou I have never gotten the chance to even use it . I would like to rate this a zero star just because of how this whole thing was handled . I usually have pretty good luck with ordering thru amazon but the one product that I really was patiently waiting for just let me down.Over all thou I will have to say , I love shopping at Amazon !
 I wish I could review this , but I never received it . I think it would do a pretty decent job with exfoliating my skin ... although , there have been a couple of AB Hydroxy acid products which caused little pimples -LRB- mulluscum ? -RRB- on my skin
 I waited and waited and waited and only after emailing the company did I find out I was not going to get my product !!!
 I saw this product on Dr. Oz , so I ordered it . I have very sensitive skin ... it cause a rash on my face . Unable to use it ... waster of my money : - -LRB-
 I 've been wearing this perfume since 2003 and the product that I purchased from Aromadiscount is not the same product that I 'd buy in the mall . The smell is off and the perfume inside the bottle has a yellow color to it . I heard that this perfume is being discountinued and at Christmas time some department stores were not even stocking it . So I figured I 'd buy 2 bottles to have for the future . I 'm very disappointed in this purchase . It 's a total knock-off . It does n't even deserve to get 1 star .
 I bought this as a Mother 's Day gift for my mother . She just now -LRB- Sept 2nd -RRB- informed me that this product was a counterfeit . She said it started to lose it 's fragrance after a month . She wrote to Ralph Lauren and was told to return it . Of course , since it was a gift , she could n't do that . She then talked to a local merchant that carried the product and was told to bring it in . It was at that local merchant that she was informed the product was a counterfeit . So , I 'm out the money and she 's out the gift . She was also informed that counterfeit fragrances can have dangerous chemicals . I would not have expected this from Amazon . Guess no place is safe to shop these days .
 I ordered this product online because apparently this perfume is n't available anymore in stores.I never received my item because it was delivered to someone else in a completely different state . I do n't know if the mailing label got put on the wrong box or what happened but I never received anything . When I notified the seller I never got any response . I emailed 3 times and still nothing.I finally got an email from Amazon . Not the seller but Amazon saying that my account had been credited the full amount . Fine , but I really would have appreciated the seller contacting me and apologizing for the mistake or just letting me know what was happening . I did n't even want a refund . I just wanted what I purchased.Like I said , I 'm very disappointed and will never order from Cosmetics Plaza again .
 I spent 80.00 on this , its a complete fake , My mom and myself have worn this for years . It did not smell the same , also the packaging was not right and the perfume liquid has floaties and particles in it . I tried to return for refund , but its not allowing me to . Really unhappy as its a huge waste of 80.00 . Would give 0 stars if I could .
 We never received this product . I suppose it was lost in the mail and now if we want it we will have to go to the post office -LRB- imagine going to the post office at this time of the year , and have them research it . Knowing our postal service , this will create more of a mess then the product is worth . At this point , we both agree that ordering anything thru Amazon is not reliable and we probably will not use your service again . I think it is better to go to a store and have the product in our hands when we leave .
 I ordered two bottles of Ralph Lauren Blue and I kept one and my daughter has the other , we both agree that it does not compare to our first purchases of the same fragrance from a retail store . The smell does not compare . These two bottles I ordered from Amazon smell very weak and the fragrance is only there a very short time . We 're both disappointed.We also do n't understand why the bottles came unboxed .
 it 's not the real perfume . I did n't like it . maybe it as been exposed to the sun for too long .
 I have never received my 2 items . Asking for more money to reship . Need to writeto the French customs and the post office ask for money to deliver it . no news
 i would not recommend purchasing this product . when i sprayed it on , i could barely smell it . 15 minutes later , there was no smell . i have purchased this product in department stores locally , and it was a very pleasant smell tha lasted thruout the day . dont no if it was old or just a bad batch but definitely not worth purchasing .
 The price I paid was much too high . I got caught up in the fact I could n't find it in the department store . Totally over paid . Recently found it at Kohls for 1/2 the price .
 Ive used this eye cream for 2 + months and it does work some but there are pluses and minuses for me : First
 I used Bath and Bodyworks Brown Sugar and Fig several years ago and loved it . They must have changed the formulation or something because now I find it way too cloying and heavy and very perfumey . What used to be a light musk scent is now a strong flowery scent . I wo n't be buying this again .
 When I saw this on Amazon I thought this was a normal person curling iron ; but alas it was not . It is meant for an octopus to use . I do n't even know how a professional uses it since they have only two hands to try and use all the twisting and rotating wands . Too complicated and I just ended up returning it and getting the regular one .
 This item broke after only 6 months of use . The cord must be defective since the iron is now only getting intermittent power and the on/off light is flickering . Because of the flickering power supply it no longer heats up . Have tried different outlets in the house - same problem . Amazon wo n't take returns after 30 days so now have to deal with Helen of Troy to hopefully replace this . Since my prior Helen of Troy iron -LRB- same model -RRB- gave out like this as well , eventually losing power and not heating up , I can only deduce that the wiring in this product is substandard.I still like the IDEA of this iron but it seems to be manufactured poorly . Bummer .
 This product was a waste of $ 34 for me I can not use it.I have used curling irons for years and thought I was buying another Iron that would last me a long time . There was no mention in the advertisement for this product that one person can not handle this iron . It takes two hands and someone else working on your hair.The top bar is too hard to work by yourself.I had to buy another iron elsewhere and felt I had been deceived with a false add and it was expensive buying two irons .
 This perfume does not even smell close to the `` real '' Jessica Mcclintock perfume . YES ! I am requesting a full refund . I will not buy from this person again .
 Unfortunately , this was not the scent that I thought it was when I ordered it . It is overpowering , heavy , and I found it sickening sweet . I tried it for a couple of days , hoping it would fade into something lighter and more tolerable or maybe I would just get used to it . The perfume stays on strong for hour . My co-workers noticed the perfume immediately , which is not a good sign .
 Think this is not a genuine Jessica Mcclintock . I gave to my wife as my gift , but she told me that this not a genuine Jessica Mcclintock . Be ware of it .
 Quite disappointed as the scent is not the same as the many that I 've purchase from Macy 's or Nordstrom stores ! It has a cheap cologne scents that you get at the pharmacy ! It is very unfortunate that Amazon does not allow returns or exchange for perfumes !
 Do not waste your money on this perfume . I immediately could see a distinct difference in this perfume and the identical perfume i already had at home . Immediately you could tell the color of the liquid in the bottle was different .
 This is not the same original light scent . It 's a lot stronger and sweeter like what a couple others have said . So strong that it gives me a headache and makes me sneeze . I am disappointed in this product .
 Sadly , the product was never received by the person I asked the cologne to be shipped .
 This review is to let you know that I Havent recieved this item . And The Reason That I Havent Called Or Contaced You Is Because I Did n't Print Out The Confirmation Number . And I Dont Have The Phone Number . If You Guys Wan na Call Me This Is My Number To Let You Guys Now , So Please Call Me . -LRB-909-RRB-936-3808
 What we got was very disappointing . First of all , the bottle was an opened tester -LRB- labeled tester , did not have the black lid -RRB- . And , when compared with a bottle bought at a local department store , the fragrance was clearly much weaker , as if the testers were diluted versions of the standard product . My father was seriously disappointed in what he received .
 Sure wish I knew before I ordered this perfume that there was no returns ! It smelled terrible ! Must have been on the shelves way too long . Talk about throwing money away ! Thats exactly what I did , threw it in the garbage !
 Yuck scent . No wonder it was priced so cheaply . But , if you savor heavy orientals , maybe you 'll like it . I immediately resold the product on Craig 's List at a loss .
 The entire transaction of this sale went extremely well ! I was very excited to receive the package in just a few days . However , I was disappointed in the product itself . I do not believe this to be the authentic Joop Eau De Toilette fragrance . I usually purchase my fragrances overseas and the Joop I get in the UK is definately not the same as the fragrance I recently purchased online . The UK purchase has more definate `` tones '' , much stronger/longer lasting qualities.I 'm not saying `` do not purchase '' . I just prefer the UK 's version of Joop .
 the bottle was half empty when I got it.You need to find a better way to ship perfume.Wouldn ' t order perfume from you again .
 This perfum smelt abrasive and old like it had been sitting around for awhile . It was so harsh I did n'tfeel like I could wear it . Not like an expensive perfume you just received . A total waste of money . I will not be buying from this seller again , whatsoever !!!
 I buy my husband the Joop for men and I love the smell of it . I took a chance on this hoping it would smell as well as the men 's colonge . I ca n't imagine any woman who would wear this fowl smelling perfume . I wasted $ 23 . Right after I opened the package and took a whiff , it went right into the garbage can . I would not recommend this product to anyone . Keep your money . I learned my lesson , never buy perfume online unless you know how it smells .
 What we got was very disappointing . First of all , the bottle was an opened tester -LRB- labeled tester , did not have the black lid -RRB- . And , when compared with a bottle bought at a local department store , the fragrance was clearly much weaker , as if the testers were diluted versions of the standard product . My father was seriously disappointed in what he received .
 This review is to let you know that I Havent recieved this item . And The Reason That I Havent Called Or Contaced You Is Because I Did n't Print Out The Confirmation Number . And I Dont Have The Phone Number . If You Guys Wan na Call Me This Is My Number To Let You Guys Now , So Please Call Me . -LRB-909-RRB-936-3808
 Sadly , the product was never received by the person I asked the cologne to be shipped .
 I am so disappointed in this mirror and this company ! The mirror they sent me weighs 5 lbs and is a light weight piece of cr@p . It is not the mirror pictured as I used to have that mirror . The mirror pictured is much heavier and sturdier than this one . Do n't buy this .
 Thermal air brush 1.5 '' 800 WATTNot what i expected . Very Hard to useCa n't really push the button in and twirl the barrelThis product does n't really curl your hairIt needs definite improvementDo n't recommend to anyone
 out of the box , it worked fine . after 2 months , if failed to work . absolutely nothing happens when you plug it in and turn it on.it makes no sense to return it for repair , because the warranty states that a $ 10 return shipping fee is required . add this to the postal fee for shipping the unit to be repaired and it is senseless to do so .
 The hot tool is too hot . I do n't use it that often ... the air and the barrel gets too hot and can easily burn your skin if you are not careful !!!
 I specifically bought this brush roller/hair dryer because of the tangle-release button . Straight out of the box , the tangle-release button did n't work , not once , not ever . The amount of trouble it 's going to take me to re-package it , re-box it , and return it , is not worth it . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 The brush bristles are very short therefore does not hold the hair as you try to blow dry . Heat is acceptable but gets hot at the tip so you have to be very careful are you will get burned .
 The part of the product is that it does blow-dry the hair when rolled-up . However , it is extremely hot and I had trouble not burning myself . Also , the &#34; curl release button &#34; either broke right away or never worked . In the past , contacting Amazon about problems was too much trouble so I have n't bothered and just do n't use the product . I hate to throw that much money away , but rather than spend time fooling around with it , I 'll probably toss it .
 I ordered this product to replace another hot air brush I was using . I have worked in many salons where professionals have used Hot Tools products so when I read the reviews I did n't hesitate to purchase this . Upon receiving the product and opening the package , I immediatley thought it felt cheap . It is only 800 watts and it took forever to dry my hair , which is not very long or thick . After using it twice it stopped woking and smelled like it was burning . I wish I could return it , do n't waste your money !!
 Using this for drying and curling hair is nice , but the tip gets pretty hot . I have another brand that does not have this problem . My grand daughter , age 9 loves this brush but I had to get her a different brand because of the brush having hot spots . I would n't recommend this product , there are others for a little more money that work better and do n't get too hot to the touch .
 This product was a HUGE disappointment . When styling your hair you can easily burn your fingers and it stopped working after I used it for about a week ! I returned it to Amazon !
 I purchased the Hot Tools 1073 , Hot Air Styling System , 800 Watt . I used it less then a minute and it was in motion during that time . I could smell my hair burning . I turned it off , waited a few minutes and I decreased the switch from high to low . Once again I could smell my hair burning . I 'm assuming the product is defective . The Amazon 30 day return policy has just lapsed
 This product did work well for a while but it only lasted about 11/2 years before burning out .
 Mine lasted through about 10 uses and then would not even turn on . I have semi-thick , wavy hair and I do n't think it did a very good job drying and styling at the same time , at least for my hair . I need a more powerful dryer .
 The scent was not what I expected . It is also very strong . I recommend not more than 1 spray . Lol .
 These clippers were very noisy from the very first time I used them . I bought them while I was in school & they maybe lasted 6 months before they quit working completely . VERY disappointing to say the least ! Even my instructor said that they should NOT be as noisy as they were for being brand new & asked me if I was sure that they were n't refurbished . Do n't get me wrong , they did cut great for short time they worked which was the only reason I did n't return them because of the noise .
 This product was very dry , it seemed old and really did not work at all , I do not recommend , waste of money
 totally un satisfied . product clumply and ner hard in container . paid $ 22.00 for nothing
 I was happy to see this product because I am a dog walker and out in the sun a lot . The first time I used this product was on my arms and neck 4 days ago . It goes on so nice BUT it gave me a rash and I have been itching ever since . I have never been allergic to anything in my life - until now .
 This is a very nice looking trimmer from an excellent company , but the trimmer lacked the power to get through my light beard . And the amount of actual trimming time between each charge was too limited as well .
 Sick of going through a $ 20 trimmer ever year or two , i decided to buy a nice one for myself . I was very wrong , or maybe just mistaken , this trimmer has no business going near your face . I do not have a very thick beard , but it has trouble cutting any amount of facial hair , it pulls when i gets stuck because it lacks the torque required to cut hair.If you just want to trim the peach fuz on the back of your neck , this trimmer is for you , but who needs that
 I BOUGHT THIS CURLING IRON BECAUSE IT WAS RECOMMENDED TO ME . BUT I HAVE TO SAY THAT THEY FRIZZ MY HAIR AND IF I TURN THE TEMP DOWN THEN IT DOES N'T STRAIGHTEN AT ALL . AND THE PART WHERE THE CERAMIC IS IS HOT AS WELL . I 'M TURNING MINES IN FOR THE GHD 'S BRAND
 So , I read all these reviews in November and thought wow it must last so long . So I bought it , and it 's now the end of July , and it doesnt work now . This is horrible . I straighten my hair every day and now I ca n't . This is n't good at all . I really would like a new one or a refund .
 Bought this flat iron after reading all the positive reviews online . It 's the first time I would have to say I did not agree with the reviews . I only paid about $ 20 more for the CHI that this iron was to replace but the CHI is worth the extra bucks . It does a much better job . Leaves hair shiny and totally frizz free . I guess if you do n't have frizzy hair in humidity this iron would be adequate but I did not find it to be at all . Wish I could return it .
 Product too narrow for my keloid . Hard to evaluate result . Please send wider sample of 11/2 '' or 2 '' patch . Thanks.Dr . Arturo UyF.A.C.O.G .
 Although I love the Pure Abundance shampoo and conditioner , i can do without this product . I see no difference in volume . Now for an updo , when you dont want a single hair to move , it would be fine , but you cant comb through it without breaking hair .
 Bought this while I was in New Orleans . Got suckered in by the giant television screen displaying a model with big voluminous hair ! Took it home , tried it and nothing ! My hair is flatter to my scalp than if I 'd used no product at all ! And it smells awful ! I live 21/2 hrs . from where I purchased it . Would be a waste of gas to return the product. : /
 I ordered three items of Aveeda . One was this Pure Abundance Hair spray . Condtioner came within a very short while . Still waiting on the shampoo but the hair spray just arrived yesterday . Well , I used a tad on my hand to feel it and the odor of this product blew me away . Unlike another poster stating a devine smell , this smell was all but devine . It had a strong medicinal , alcohol , smell . I could not use this product and smell this bad . I called Amazon and they are taking care of this . Never again , will I buy health/beauty products on line .
 This perfume has to be the most disgusting thing I have ever smelled . First sniff and instant vomiting feel . The seller was prompt in their delivery , but the product is gross . I do not recommend , unless you really like some old strong powder smell . All I can say is YUK !
 I came here to rant about this hand creme and see someone else has beat me to it . This is the first Philosophy product that has let me down and let me down in a big way . The creme is light and feels good , but it does n't look or feel like it goes on or absorbs well at all . After it 's applied it glistens , and I 'm constantly noticing areas that lack that effect and looks dry , so I find myself constantly reapplying it . And now after a week and a half of daily use it 's half gone . I did n't have this problem with L'Occitane so I guess I 'll go back to that unless I find something better .
 I have many Philosophy products and have been overall very happy with the quality and value . This one disappointed miserably . I am a nursing student and wash my hands often . This handcream does n't go very far at all and I was out by the end of the second day . Washed right off too so if you wash your hands a lot like I do this one 's not for you .
 I just received this lotion . It is ok ... i wouldnt say its amazing . the tube is so small -LCB- for $ 10.00 -RCB- I had to make sure that it wasnt just a sample bottle . I think it should last me about 2-4 days at the most . the smell is lemon and light ... nothing great . If you want to try a great hand and body lotion that is not at all greasy and very light weight try body drench !!!!! the lotion is great and you could buy it -LCB- on amazon -RCB- for $ 8.95 and its a big bottle and will last you forever . It is even great as a facial moisturizer and the scent is very light and nice . I would not reorder this stuff again .
 I needed a good handcream that would leave my hands feeling soft and not rough , so I purchased this little bottle in hopes it would do the trick.I 'm actually very disappointed with this handcream . It is rather greasy and almost sticky feeling . From the picture I assumed a normal handcream with maybe a mild scent , but my bottle came labled as being `` Handmade Lemon Custard Hand Cream '' . While the scent was delicious -LRB- and made me crave Lemon Bars ... -RRB- , the product itself left me rather disheartened . Even twenty minutes after thoroughly rubbing in the product , my hands are still greasy feeling.Perhaps it is back to the drawing board for philosophy on this one ...
 This is my moms favorite lotion , so I bought it to try it out . It just seems like regular over priced lotion to me . Ill stick with Bath and body works
 I am extremely disappointed with this product . It does n't control frizz or flyaways . It also left my hair feeling greasy when I only used a tiny amount . I plan on returning this product . Do n't waste your money .
 I purchased this cologne from another company . The cologne is weak , disappointing , and a rip-off . I would never purchase it again and would strongly warn other consumers against buying it .
 Do n't get me wrong ... i LOVE JLO 's perfumes but this one is a miss ! It smells like a cheap hotel soap and is overpowering . If you are looking for a great scent try her `` Live '' perfume which smells amazing . I wear it daily and gets compliments all the time.Stay away from Glow ... unless you were an exclamation fan back in the 80s .
 I thought I would try it because I herd it smelled fresh . It smells cheap like body lotion from The dollar store . I am not happy .
 I was fairly certain that my wife had accidentally doused herself with room deodorizer , but no , it was Glow by JLo . We had to wash everything the perfume had come in contact with as it reeked of Oust or Lysol .
 I meant to order Miami Glo instead of this one . I love !!! the scent of Miami Glo . Regular Glo gets just two stars from me . Too Flowerey for my taste !
 I bought this without smelling it first . What a mistake this stuff smells just plain awful .
 IT SMELLS LIKE DEAD ROSES . TO ME ITS A PERFUME FOR OLDER PEOPLE . IN THERE LATE 50S MABEY . I RECOMMEND yU NOT TO BUY THIS PERFUME .
 This perfume is gross . A word of warning . It may smell good in the beginning - but after only a little bit it smells like very old and pungent - and you think hey - this is J.Lo , it 's supposed to smell alive and fresh ! If you want to buy one of her perfumes from her line try anything other than Glow .
 I have worn this scent since it first came out and have always loved it . When it was on a terrific sale at Amazon , I immediately order two . I had just run out and open the perfume immediately sprayed it on and was very disappointed . I do n't know if it was stored improperly or is a fake , but it not Glow . There is a possibility that they have changed the scent at the manufactures for some reason . I am now on the hunt for a new fragrance . I called to return it and was given an immediate refund -LRB- Thanks Amazon -RRB- .
 Grapefruit , orange flower , neroli , rose , amber , sandalwood , jasmine , vanilla , orris & a base of musk come together in a curvy bottle to form a soft , feminine & sensual scent which deserves 5 stars.However , half an hour after application my skin flared red , blotchy & very itchy . A real shame as the fragrance is brilliant , so good that I kept on using my 100ml bottle despite the irritation.Try before you buy !! * ` Live ' , her third fragrance is fabulous - I suggest those with sensitive skin like myself to try it !!!
 It did n't smell pretty on me . I tried to give the bottle away . No one liked it .
 The product arrival was indeed on time but the item was an imitation . The scent would be lost after half an hour of spraying onto the skin .
 The product is not the original Glow by JLo . The scent is just nothing like it . I have been using this for a long time now and I am very familiar with the smell.It is just not the same .
 This review is from my sister . I gifted it to her but came to know this as a imitation . It is not even lasting for more than 1 hour . Do not waste money on this item .
 I 've been wearing glow for many years . I know the scent and the staying power that it has . I revieved my item very fast and was excited to open it . I sprayed it on my skin and within thirty minutes the smell was gone . It seems to be watered down because it is n't the normal rosey color that glow is .
 When I bought these two bottles of J Lo Glow I believe they were about $ 15 less -LRB- each -RRB- than what I pay in stores , which is GREAT ! Almost like 2 for 1 . The perfume smelled like Glow but for some reason the scent was n't as strong , & did not last all day like Glow normally does for me . In addition , the whole time I used these bottles I did n't get the usual compliments to my scent that I always get from everyone -LRB- male & female - they like the Glow plus the hair stuff I use -RRB- . Once I went back to store-bought J Lo Glow , the compliments returned . All is normal again . : -RRB-
 I did not receive any of the colored combs listed in the photo .
 When I ordered this doll I needed it for my state board exam and the bonus was the table clamp , as our state board requires to have the table clamp and not a stand alone tripod -LRB- which is what I already had -RRB- . Also the cost of the doll head with the clamp was cheaper than buying just the doll head at a local beauty supply store . Upon receiving the doll head , the hair length was not as long as shown in the picture , the hair length is uneven throughout the ENTIRE head . There are very short layers around the parameter and even shorter pieces and layers inside and throughout the rest of the hair . The hair is very coarse . I ended up having to purchase a new doll head anyway . So I spent $ 30 on a table clamp and another $ 30 for a GOOD dollhead . Dont bother with the deal of the clamp and doll head , its not worth it !
 I am a salon owner and cosmetologist for over 30 years . I ordered these manikins for the hair length specified in the ad . These were to be used for a braiding class . The hair is not even the specified length at the top of the crown . However , the clamps are excellent . These are good for hair cutting classes only .
 I purchased this doll for my Cosmetology haircutting class . It seemed okay until I needed to blow dry it and use the flat iron . The hair melts under heat , it is not 100 % human hair , it 's half synthetic . I returned the doll -LRB- purchased from a local beauty supply store -RRB- , and was given a better one at no extra charge . You can cut it , but not dry or style it .
 The reviews I 've red are accurate , I purchase this doll head to practice hair cutting and is so difficult even to section the hair , because it comes with different lengths of hair all over the head . The hair is coarse but natural , and after many shampoos , hair treatments , and few hair cuts , now with few inches less that hair looks healthy and shiny.Now if you want to take a challenge this is a good head . For cosmetology state test wo n't work , but for esthetician state test -LRB- CA -RRB- will work wonders . Just gentle remove undesired makeup .
 For quite a while i was dying the bottom longer layers of my hair bright red or pink and the top layers were blond . -LRB- I know it sounds weird but it looked really cool -RRB- Anyway , I was tired of semi-permanent and i wanted to go forever red but it seems like unnatural hair color doesnt come in permanent ! By all means if you can find something affordable to prove me wrong please do ! So I finally found this stuff , I got it in fire and ... dark red i think and i did the bottom layers dark red and a little further up the fire color which is actually kind of orange and then my blond on top so it made a kind of fireball effect -LRB- awesome i know -RRB- and it lasted a week and even then there was severe fading . Maybe I misread something on the description but this did not stay on long at all !!! But I do have to say the bottom-est layer was a bit damaged due to bleaching so the color might not have wanted to stay in that hair , but that does not explain why it refused to stay in the layers above that ... So my search continues ...
 I know it 's called intense red but man is this color INTENSE . wayyy too intense . Think bozo the clown but with a more cherry hue . I felt like when I looked in the mirror I looked at my hair before I even looked at my face . And when I walked PAST a mirror all I saw was red red red . Dont get me wrong , I love different and funky but not this dang bright . This was too much . My suggestion to you if u must see to believe ? Buy some color oops at cvs beforehand and have it ready to use in case u feel the same way I do -LRB- which is what i did , only I did n't buy it beforehand -RRB- .
 Save your money if you have dark brown hair . I bought the copper red and had to hold my hair to the light to see any hint of `` copper red '' . I dyed a blonde swatch and the color turned a med brown red . So much for drama . This was using a 30 volume peroxide for 30 mins . No high-lift properties as advertised .
 While I love , love , love this product , placing an order with this particular vendor was a mistake . It did arrive in a very timely fashion , however it came in the small , sample size packaging . I could have gone to the store myself and purchased the full size version for a couple of dollars more . This was a complete rip-off & I am very dissatisfied due to the fact that no where in the description was it mentioned that this was the small size . Wo n't be placing an order with them again !
 I used to have a laster version of this product , this seems like a sample size . It said the shipping weight was 4 oz , which I assumed meant it was the size I had before , since I could not find the size description anywhere . Apparently not because this looks like a sample size . It 's .02 oz .
 HOW DO I CONTACT THE MERCHANT , THEY HIT MY MASTERCARD TWICE FOR THE ITEM . THEY CAN E-MAIL ME A REFUND PER MY ORDER # .
 this eyeshadow is a very bright kelly green . I personally wanted something closer to the pictured color . I gave the product to a friend who likes to wear more adventurous makeup .
 When it arrived it was empty . Had nothing in it . Product was in good condition that was about the only good thing I could say about it .
 This mirror is cheaply made . My great complaint is that the metal hoop that forms the rim of the mirror has sharp edges , where one could easily get scratched . Furthermore , on the side of the concave -LRB- magnifying -RRB- mirror , there is a gap between the edge of the rim and the glass.I needed a mirror that extended about 20 inches from the wall . The only such mirror I could find that was of better quality , was the IRVING RICE for $ 260 . The latter price seemed too high to me . Therefore , I covered the sharp edges of the rim with hot-melt glue , and kept the mirror . I was left with a mirror that is serviceable , but looks jury-rigged .
 I had sampled this at a store once and absolutely loved it . But the bottle I have smells acidic and chemically and the sent hardly last . Wish I had returned it . : -LRB- Too bad I normally love their stuff . The seller was prompt and cool and all that .
 My friend and I absolutely love Captain Jean Luc Picard , and so when I saw this online I had to order Tea . Earl Grey . Hot.It did n't really smell how I expected . It had more of a chemically smell rather than what I had hoped for -LRB- the smell of a strong cup of tea ! -RRB- Still , it was passable and I guess it 's the thought that counts .
 Reasonably good at removing the eye make-up , so I kept using them , despite the yucky greasy feeling . After a couple of weeks , I developed a severe allergic reaction , puffy , itchy , red , swollen lids . Yuck ! Since I was n't positive it was the remover pads , I went for a month with no eye make-up . Was feeling better , so I used a brand new mascara and shadow , then cleaned them off with two Andrea 's pads . The next morning , puffy and itchy again . Double yuck !
 Yikes ! These are super greasy pads , and they left my vision blurred , despite my best efforts to wash it off with facial cleanser . Yuck .
 It 's very interesting that my review was n't on this link.I just re-purchased this product and as I stated ... It SHOULD come with a seal ... mine did not.Also , mine was a quarter full , while the new one I purchased was full to about a 1/4 inch from the top .
 While the pads did remove my makeup , they are SUPER greasy . The worst part is that my sister used one and she had an allergic reaction to it ! Her eye was swollen shut ! And there was n't even a warning on its case . No more Andrea eyeQ for me . It does n't even deserve the star I 'm rating it .
 Did not like this product at all . The eye pads are extremely greasy and not that pleasant to the eye area . I was looking for a good way to remove eye make-up-this is definetely not the way TOO OILY
 I do n't care for the smell , I was thinking it would be more like a green apple scent but it was very disappointingly week scented and not pleasent like a perfume should be . The scent lasted less than the EDT did ! Save your money on this one !
 Reasonably good at removing the eye make-up , so I kept using them , despite the yucky greasy feeling . After a couple of weeks , I developed a severe allergic reaction , puffy , itchy , red , swollen lids . Yuck ! Since I was n't positive it was the remover pads , I went for a month with no eye make-up . Was feeling better , so I used a brand new mascara and shadow , then cleaned them off with two Andrea 's pads . The next morning , puffy and itchy again . Double yuck !
 Yikes ! These are super greasy pads , and they left my vision blurred , despite my best efforts to wash it off with facial cleanser . Yuck .
 It 's very interesting that my review was n't on this link.I just re-purchased this product and as I stated ... It SHOULD come with a seal ... mine did not.Also , mine was a quarter full , while the new one I purchased was full to about a 1/4 inch from the top .
 While the pads did remove my makeup , they are SUPER greasy . The worst part is that my sister used one and she had an allergic reaction to it ! Her eye was swollen shut ! And there was n't even a warning on its case . No more Andrea eyeQ for me . It does n't even deserve the star I 'm rating it .
 Did not like this product at all . The eye pads are extremely greasy and not that pleasant to the eye area . I was looking for a good way to remove eye make-up-this is definetely not the way TOO OILY
 Received a squeeze tube and was expecting spray . Cotz is an excellent product but I already had a squeeze tube .
 First let me say that this review has nothing to do with Amazon , but the company Evecare , who I ultimately ordered the product from -LRB- through Amazon -RRB- . I never had a problem with any other Guerlain face powders or meteorites , however this product left me with terrible rashes on my face ! I tried to contact Evecare to return it and I now have a chain of 9 e-mails where the customer service reps tell me I had to send them proof of the redness to return the product . So I put it back on and sure enough , blotchiness all over . I e-mailed the pictures and they said my money would be refunded in 3 business days . That was WEEKS ago !!! I sent 3 different e-mails asking for the protocal to return the item -LRB- you need a log in to process a return form from their site ... and because I ordered from Amazon , I cant do that . -RRB- They e-mailed me back to tell me to mail it to them . No address was given , NOTHING !! I 'm actually going to have to contact Amazon directly regarding this to see if they can help me . I dont know what the heck was wrong with the product , like I said , never any problems with Guerlain . But the online store Evecare , NEVER AGAIN !!! Worst customer service EVER !!!
 Guerlain Meteorites are exellent , but be careful , seller evecare.com sales not real Guerlain Meteorites , but counterfeit , moreover , it has expired use-by date .
 Number one , you can get this product if you stay on the outlook for it for under $ 50 . I have never seen it so overpriced . It is discontinued , but that is no reason to gouge like this . That 's just wrong . Number two , this is not a great product . Save your money and buy a full sized Meteorites of the shade that you think will work best for you . The mini set used to be a nice way to test all three shades , but now that all three shades are discontinued , it 's not . Plus you do NOT get 1/3 the number of balls in each container . You are much better off getting a full container , which retails for $ 53 . This packaging is plastic and CHEAP . I prefer the old Guerlain full sized cardboard packaging -LRB- cardboard but something elegant about it -RRB- and the new Guerlain metal-finish packaging . This is PLASTIC and VERY cheap looking . The brush is bad , too . I got this for less than 1/2 the price offered here -- an identical set -- and it was n't worth that . Do not be ripped off by this product . Learn the lessons of others . And get some Meteorites because they are wonderful , but get the full sized ones from a reputable vendor . Or , if you have to get these , get them for under $ 50 -LRB- which is not hard to do -RRB- .
 I opened my product container and the inside contents does not seem the same as the original one I purchased from the store . I will not buy from this vendor again . I thought it was the same as the bottle looks brand new . Scent and consistency are NOT the same . The Shampoo inside this container is NOT S Factor . I have been using S Factor for years .
 Looks like the same cologne I have used for years with same name and company . It was a total different smell and it made me sneeze . I reorderd one called Animale Animale and it is awesome .
 My girlfriend bought this for me as she is absolutely in love with the scent . I do n't blame her , it 's a nice scent even if it is overwhelming at times . So based on the smell I 'd give it a 4 out of 5 . Once you start looking at the ingredients though you notice that the majority of the bottle consists of cheap sudsing agents without much in the way of natural or secondary ingredients . I ca n't fault them too much on this because many companies do it , but I have to subtract a star for the fact that the entire bottle is basically a dirt cheap surfactant and some fragrance thrown in . I think the Axe people can step it up a notch in this department and actually innovate instead of relying on a fancy advertising campaign.The other main feature of this soap are the scrubbing beads , which I presume are intended to exfoliate your skin as you scrub . It 's a neat little touch , but I ca n't help thinking that they all do n't wash off and that one day I 'm going to come home and find scrubbing beads in my underwear . Has n't happened yet so I ca n't fault them there , but if you actually study the beads themselves you quickly come to the realization that they are polyethylene , aka PLASTIC ! That 's right , everytime you scrub down you are flushing plastic down the shower drain . I could n't believe it either ! Warranted polyethylene is the safest plastic around , but it is completely non biodegrable , at least not within a thousand years or so . On principle alone they should get knocked down 2 stars for this , but I 'll only knock them down 1 star in the hopes that they come up with something a little more environmentally friendly.So if you enjoy manly smells and do n't care much about the environment I 'd say give this one a shot . However , for those people who have an issue with cheap surfactants and plastic beads going down the drain look elsewhere or write to Unilever to make an environmentally friendly version of Axe !
 I do n't recommend this product , unless you 're buying it because it reminds you of days gone by . Otherwise , it 's made of too many unrecognizable ingredients , and the rose scent is dull .
 I had a pretty high expectations of the smell ... I dont like the smell . It was not nice smell ... Not like a baby smell .
 Instead of this Rose milk which I ordered and really wanted I got a can of &#34; Zippo &#34; lighter fluid instead . . There is no excuse for this mistake . Both items are entirely different so I was very displeased . I do not know hw the Zippo passed the mail inspection either because it is not allowed to ship items like this to APO addresses . I ended up never getting my Rose milk !!!!!!!
 My wife and I are now going through our sixth -LRB- that 's right -- 6th -RRB- Andis wall mounted hair dryer . You 're thinking , `` sixth ? why sixth , if the product stinks ? '' Right ? Well , here 's why
 Waaay overpriced and the color is terrible . Turned a yellow color on my beige toned skin . Do n't waste your money . Anything from the drugstore is better than this stuff .
 Waaay overpriced and the color is terrible . Turned a yellow color on my beige toned skin . Do n't waste your money . Anything from the drugstore is better than this stuff .
 it did not worth the money paid for it . it was not a good a choice and I will not buy it again
 i think they should pay more attention to the quality of the packaging , the sprayer stopped working on the second week , and the bottle is still full .
 I 've been using this particular cologne practically everyday for the last three years ; I bought several vials of it and know the fragrance well . The container I purchased from this seller was NOT the same cologne !!! Not even close . I 've bought colognes in the past that have expired and lost their potency , but this is basically apples against oranges . For only $ 15 , I 'm not too upset , but if you 're looking for actual Diesel Zero Plus cologne , that is n't what you 're going to get .
 I still have the bottle I 'm replacing -LRB- almost out -RRB- and the new bottle design font and smell do not match . Avoid at all costs . Would have returned but the product arrived one day after the return cutoff .
 compre 11 perfumes y me llegaron destapados y derramado todo los frasco se le quito la pintura y no tienen olor a nada
 I bought this cologne un-sampled because my favorite scent is actually made by Diesel so I figured this could not be that drastic of a difference . I was very wrong . The closest thing I can compare this too is the smell of bug spray . I am not exaggerating on this and still love my other Diesel cologne scents I have smelled . I am going to end up throwing this one away though -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- . Buyer beware if you are a fan of the brand and have never smelled this before . Hopefully this helps someone else who thinks they may be purchasing a different scent . Happy hunting .
 This is definitely not the cologne I remember it to be.It seems like it was filled with a knock off that smellsobnoxious and unattractive .
 This frange smells like baby powder with a little touch of cinnamon . I only bought to try it , but definitely do n't smells well
 The set of three small bottles has delightful packaging with dried pink rosebuds in the box along with the products . It came with two free very small vials -LRB- perfume sample vials , if you are familiar with them -RRB- , one of vanilla and the other of patchouli . The samples were useless to me as I dislike both as perfume scents . I wish they 'd given me at least other floral scents to try.The three main bottles are
 I only found this item on Perfume Victoria seller at the purchase time . Glad for found and unhappy when the product arrived in a unsealed box . I was told the product condition was NEW and I tought that means sealed box otherwise I couldnt tell it was unused.Shippment was fast .
 This product was not what I expected . I purchased it based on the raving reviews I read on this site and other shopping sites . The product had an unusual odor . That did n't bother me too much , as it faded upon application . However , the coverage was extremely light and was not buildable . The only thing good about the product it it 's hygienic packaging . Since I could n't return it , I was forced to sell it at a very high discount . I would not recommend this product to anyone looking for medium-to-full coverage in a foundation .
 I just purchased this cleanser and found it to be harsh . I have good skin , but it 's sensitive and was quite disappointed to find my skin very tight and dry after using it . I think it 's better suited for normal to oily skin.If you want a high quality skin exfoliate that does n't leave your skin dry , check out louisebianco.com - they make a product called Derma Polish - it 's not listed on their website so you have to call them to order it . It 's about $ 25 but it 's remarkable in that it removes dead skin and leaves your skin feeling moist and looking great .
 I am a BIG Earth Science fan and LOVE their facewash and moisturizers -LRB- been using them for years -RRB- but this scrub creme I DO NOT like . It smells bad and it 's just a thick , sticky , gooey , gross mess . There is barely any materials in it to `` scrub '' -- I guess that is why it 's called gentle -- but I do n't notice any exfoliating results like I achieve with other exfoliating cleansers . It 's sticky on your face and is hard to wash off . I highly recommend Earth Science but NOT this particular product !
 When the product arrived it looked nothing like what I had ordered . I used it anyway , and my hair WAS NOT soft and silky . Instead my hair was like HAY ! Dry , brittle and rough !!! I am very disappointed !!! I have used `` Fudge One shot '' in the past , and my hair NEVER looked , or felt this way . YUCK!Kim Martin
 Waaay overpriced and the color is terrible . Turned a yellow color on my beige toned skin . Do n't waste your money . Anything from the drugstore is better than this stuff .
 I ordered this as a gift for my mother who uses the product on a regular basis and thought it would be the same . I was embarrased when she opened it and could barely squeeze anything out because it was so dry . Waste of money , and embarrasing ! Lesson learned to always buy cosmetics from a department store !
 This product looks rather gray when applied and does not cover as well as one would expect given the exorbitant cost !!
 This is not the real Realities by Liz Claiborne , not even close . Although it is a nice scent , it 's just not the real deal . Notice in some photos its titled Realities by Realities and in others it actually reads Realities by Liz Claiborne . Dont be fooled , I thought maybe they changed to a new bottle design/shape , but the squared-bottle -LRB- not triangled -RRB- design is the real Realities . I will re-order it , but not from a company that falsely advertises .
 never sent me the makeup , never refunded my money , never heard anything else ... contacting them is useless too . i love bioelements and recommend anything bioelements but will never order beauty bridge again .
 Very difficult to apply the color in a thin line . I ended up not using it and throwing it away .
 It still smudges , but gives a good smokey eye look . Clinique no smudge worked better for me and is about same price .
 I bought this mirror based on positive feedbacks . . well , now I can write my own feedback , and its negative-I did not like the mirror at all-I am not even sure that it s made from glass , not clear to see and changing from one to another is a chore . I will return it to the store and get something more stable . Besides , it was a poor quality and too big to attach to the wall mirror .
 At first a like my mirror , until it fell from attachement several times on my foot.Do not use it , waste of money !!! Getting more and more disappointed with Amazon .
 when i opened the box , it was missing the slide on suction mounting bracket , the main reason i bought the mirror.the mirror itself is ok , but probably wo n't be buying products here again .
 Dove apparently did n't think their soap was mild enough , so removed all the scented oils that made the soap have a lightly pleasant scent . Dove told me that the oils were meant to cover the original smell of the soap , and I can understand why they were needed . The soap now smells mildly repulsive , if you are sensitive to smell . They no longer make or carry the original formula , nor do they ever intend to . Shopping for a new soap ...
 Waaay overpriced and the color is terrible . Turned a yellow color on my beige toned skin . Do n't waste your money . Anything from the drugstore is better than this stuff .
 I purchased this product because I am very fair and CAN NOT tan . It is very important that I have a sunscreen that works and works well . I put it on a half hour before I went out or even before I got dressed to make sure that I would have full coverage.The bottle says it is WATERPROOF , which was important to me since I was going tubing and would be on the river for 4 hours . I took the sunscreen with me so I could re-apply just in case , but that DID NOT seem to matter . As soon as I got in the water this `` WATERPROOF '' sunscreen was coming off in the water , I could see the film on the surface of the water , which at first I did n't realize was coming from coming from me but as it turns out it was , stupidly I was still hopeful . About an hour and half in I reapplied the `` WATERPROOF '' sunscreen to my legs to ensure that I would not burn , but to no avail . My legs were burned so badly that I may as well have not put on anything.That evening my legs were so red they were almost purple . I found myself with sun poisoning and felt ill most of that night , being cold and hot at the same time and unable to cover up because of the pain.If you are a fair haired fair skinned person I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT AT ALL .
 For 9 bucks a bottle , I was expecting a better product . It has a very mild and pleasant smell and rubs in easily leaving behind a slight greasy feeling . Sun protection was mediocre at best . I applied it once every 2 hours with no water exposure and I still got burned . They claim it is `` sweat proof '' and that it will not get in your eyes and sting ... Totally inaccurate . I have never before experienced such a stinging sensation around the eyes from a sunscreen before.Terrible product and I will not be purchasing this again .
 I HAVE ORDERED ZINO FROM SEVERAL DIFFERENT SOURCES AND NEVER !!!! HAVE BEEN DIS SATISFIED . ACTUALLY I WAS DELIGHTED THAT THE FRAGRANCE WAS LIKE IT WAS MADE 25 YEARS AGO . IT WAS PERFECT !!!! THIS LAST ORDER HOWEVER , SMELLS LIKE SOME TYPE OF DOG WASH. . I WILL RETAIN THE 3 BOTTLES THAT I ORDERED TO FRESHEN UP MY CAT LITTER BOX . NEEDLESS TO SAY , I AM MORE THAN DISAPPOINTED . I AM `` PISSED '' AT MYSELF FOR ORDERING 3 BOTTLES . 12.6 OUNCES OF PURE GARBAGE ... MINUS MY $ 93.00 SPENT .
 Lip Ink is overpriced and does n't last all day -- in fact , it is almost gone by lunchtime . It is time-consuming to put on -LRB- 3 coats plus shine -RRB- . There are many colors to choose from . You may return it only if it is unopened -LRB- then how do you try it ? -RRB- or if it smears -LRB- it does n't -RRB- . The drugstore long-lasting brands , such as Maybelline or L'Oreal , last a bit longer and are cheaper .
 I must confess that this product burned my lips terribly -LRB- and made them peel -RRB- when I tried it . It was n't a `` tingle . '' It felt like a burning sensation and I literally wanted to put ice on my lips to make it stop . Plus it smelled like nail polish remover when I first opened it , so that was very weird . I have very sensitive skin and assumed a natural product that is meant to be beneficial would n't be a problem . Unfortunately it was for me . I mean , I 'm glad it does n't have wax in it , but I 'll take one of the hemp lipsticks or Burt 's Bees wax lipsticks over this and just deal with wax vs. the burning and peeling . The one thing I did like is that I did n't really need to worry about lip liner , as the `` ink '' itself really lines the lips if you are careful in the application.I also did n't feel that it lasted much longer than any of my other longlasting lipsticks . It lasted a slight bit longer , but not enough to make a difference and the `` shine '' that you put on top is a little too gooey of a lip gloss for me . While you only leave behind that clear gloss when you kiss someone , it 's still a `` goopy '' on them and not much more of an appealing alternative than leaving a lipstick mark . So your spouse will probably still prefer your lips sans lipstick or lip ink.Also , it would be helpful to have the layman 's terms for the ingredients of this product . The scientific names make it harder to understand exactly from where its natural ingredients derive and those of us with sensitivities really need to know what 's in the products we use .
 I purchased this thinking I was ordering Organic Cologne as stated ! Well the only thing organic is the alcohol ! Big deal ! The rest is `` fragrance '' Not Organic fragrance . If its ' not Organic than what is it ? Chemical most likely or they would proudly state what the heck their lovely fragrance is . Nothing listed about essential oils or flower waters . Printed Directly on the box the cologne came in says
 I use and enjoy the HC Dusk soap , deodorant , and aftershave balm , so I thought I 'd buy the same fragrance as a cologne . It does NOT smell at all like the other Dusk products . This smells like the cheap , awful colognes my aunts used to buy me when I was 12 . It reeks and one spray made my room smell like rubbing alcohol for hours.I 'm concerned that I got a spoiled/bad batch or something , seeing as I really like everything else in the fragrance/brand .
 For the customers who are interested in knowing if this product is truly organic it is NOT . I recently visited WholeFoods market in search of a natural cologne . I came across this cologne and immediately disliked the smell . However , for the sake of inquiry I ask the cosmetics employee whether the product truly contained the listed ingredients and no synthetic derivatives of fragrance . She replied with , `` I honestly do n't know , but I will look into this question on your behalf . '' A few days later I received an email from this proactive employee with the following statement from a representative of the Company who promotes the cologne : `` In your email you asked if our cologne carries synthetic ingredients . The Essential Oils EO -LRB- s -RRB- listed on the side of the product carton are just a few of the MANY EO -LRB- s -RRB- in this fragrance . Since the fragrance is NOT 100 % organic we ca n't guarantee there are NO synthetics since some EO -LRB- s -RRB- are derived through synthetic processes . We hope this helps clarify the issue . Feel free to contact us with any other questions . `` Customers who wish to inquire further regarding this product or others can contact the company at the following email address
 E mailed many times , never returned my e mail ... . Will never by from there agian ... you cant return anything you buy from them . Buy direct from amaxon not ... amifume
 I find most Lush products to be more for fun and entertainment than actually having benefits for the skin.This eye cream is n't really fun or entertaining , and it certainly does n't perform any miracles around the eye area . Very expensive for a cream that does n't have visible results . I recommend finding something with anti-aging/anti-wrinkle benefits .
 After reading the reviews and how this is great for very thick hair without weighing it down , I was excited . It smells nice but that 's about it . I do n't find it amazing or worth the price tag . Rather use Loreal 's line for 6.99 .
 This product does not seem like the real thing . My hair feels different and the product looks and smells different than the stuff I hav bought in the salon .
 I opened my product container and the inside contents does not seem the same as the original one I purchased from the store . I will not buy from this vendor again . I thought it was the same as the bottle looks brand new . Scent and consistency are NOT the same . Conditioner inside is NOT S Factor .
 I have pretty curly and THICK hair that is hard to maintain . I 'm always looking for different types of shampoos/conditioners every few months and somehow ran into this one . I ca n't say it made my hair smoother or shinier , but it did help me de-tangle my hair ... so it pretty much worked like any other cheap conditioner . Very nice smell though .
 I never received the order . I tried repeatedly to contact the seller , with no response.The only redeeming factor is that Amazon arranged for a full refund .
 I have been using this perfume for more than 3 years , and I always bought them in DutyFree shops . I needed a new one and I am not traveling so soon , so I decided to buy at Amazon . However , when I received , I notice that the smell was not exactly the same as the one I have . I still had some left from an older bottle , so I could compare.I do n't know if this can be possible , but it seems to me this was a fake perfume . I would not recommend .
 I got this one because I saw people talking about it in a beauty forum and they recommended it as a nice citrus scent . Boy , are n't they wrong ... Not only I do n't smell anything citrusy , the scent also smells very cheap , and teenagery . If you are used to the designer brand types of perfumes like me , do n't even bother to try this out . So I think this is on me to trust those recommendations online so easily.And the worst part , you ca n't even return it , because Amazon lists this as hazardous material , therefore you ca n't return it . Definitely lesson learned on my part ...
 I can not believe how tiny this is . . It 's half the size of my finger . Probably will only get only 5 uses out of it . What a joke . SAVE YOUR MONEY EVERYONE ,
 It does n't smell like the first one i got.It smell different , the first one I got in chula vista store smell better , I do n't know why , the package is the same ... but smell different , I have the first bottle and I can compare ... Please Amazon ask your supplyer ... Was a valentine 's gift for my wife , and she open it a month after that day , so I ca n't sent it back . Is a shame , I love this fragance.I will buy it again in the store .
 It is an ok perfume . I smelt it and bought it but it is not my favorite . I got tired of it really fast , specially since it does n't seem to be very unique . Smells too much like light blue , which I hate . Try Live in Love by Oscar de la Renta , it is a far better buy and smell .
 I go through a lot of eye lashes so I like to buy them in bulk . I am not a fan of these .
 I ordered this because my 3 year old daughter loves piggy bubble bath ... kinda random but I was glad to find a retailer that offered it . I was a little disappointed when it came . It had obviously been sitting discarded on a back shelf , it was battered and dirty . The sticker was barely staying on any more and it was marked with a 2009 expiration date . The bath jelly barely comes out and is obviously old . I give it two stars because it was shipped and arrived in a timely manner and honestly my daughter is just happy to have the piggy packaging , the bath gel was an after thought . That being said , for almost $ 10 -LRB- and just over 3oz -RRB- I would have hoped for better attention to detail on this product and I personally would avoid this retailer in the future .
 I was excites about this one ... smelled great in the store , but when i put it in the tub , there was almost no scent . It was n't moisturizing at all , like most of LUSH 's products . The only good aspect was the color that the water changed.Save your money , or buy a different bomb .
 Actually ... I 'd give it 0 stars . Read the ingredients !! Would you want to actually soak in this stuff ? You absorb so much through the pores of your skin when bathing . Do yourself a favor ... get some real , high quality essential oils . Ylang Ylang oil from Young Living , for example . It 's wonderful !! Just add some drops to the bath water . These are oils proven to have very high vibrational frequency to them ... and you can definitely feel the difference !! Anything that has `` perfume '' on the label is nothing more than a synthetic chemical `` smell '' and nothing like the real deal !!
 This smelling like disgusting Maryland stream mud water . So nasty . I feel bad I spent my friends money on this -LRB- I got a gift certificate -RRB- . DO NOT BUY . Unless you like to smell like mud , of course .
 Or even garner much attention . However , writing it is the only way I know to show principle , gumption , verve , and nerve . Let me cut to the chase
 I dropped this bath bomb in the tub on my birthday , and it made me laugh . It filled my bathroom with a noxious cheap perfume scent that friends commented on for DAYS , made my tub greasy and bright pink , and it irritated the hell out of my girlparts . Wo n't be using this one again . The first star is for the random squishy flower that came out of the bomb and floated around in the water . The second star is for the buttercream and the soap samples that came with it .
 Yes , my bath smelled good and was a pretty color , but this is a waste of money . Costs too much for what you get . Better to stick with the Bubble Bars . They 're pricey too , but you do get several uses out of them .
 This was My very first lush product . The smell was SOOOO strong it gave Me a headache ! now if it had been a scent I liked the strength might not of bothered Me as much . It also perminatly dyed My tub stopper pink ! I do n't know if I 'll buy anymore lush products . It did however leave a ok smell on My skin after the bath , even smelled it the next day , but cant handle the strength during the bath , will not buy again . it also dryed out My skin on My hands .
 I was so excited when I ordered the bath bomb -LRB- s -RRB- from Lush . I am a bath fanatic . After the stress of kids and family , there is nothing I enjoy more than a hot bath and a book . I settle in for an hour at least . So imagine my let down . I had read all the wonderful reviews and was looking forward to using them -LRB- I ordered a few different ones -RRB- . I can not even tell you my disappointment when I took my first bath . The smell is one of my favorite things about bath bombs and bubble bath but these lacked that . With the bombs they also sent me samples of their soap - I do not recommend that either , even my children did n't like the smell ! I will not be ordering from them again .
 I enjoy hot baths for relaxing after a stressful day and for headache relief . Breathing in hot steam is theraputic and I often enjoy a lightly-scented bubble bath . The scent in this product , however , CAUSED a headache and is overpoweringly obnoxious . My husband has scrubbed the tub to no avail trying to remove any residual ODOR and we have the bathroom vent along with two air purifiers running simultaneously in the bathroom ... 24 hours after using the sex bomb ... trying to rid our home of the fumes . After breathing the thick , contaminated air permeated by this product , we feel like we 've coated our lungs with something really , really noxious . Sex bomb ? No way ! This would make a better BUG BOMB !
 I LOVE Lush products but this particular Bath Bomb had an overpowering scent that did n't seem sexy .
 Dissapointed . . this ugly soda ball makes my skin very dry . . people be aware dont buy it ... i buoght two pieces used one and sure will throw one ... ugly ball
 I purchased the Sex Bomb Bath Bomb along with several other LUSH items . The soaps , shampoo bar , bubble bars and the other bath bombs I bought smell wonderful . The Sex Bomb truly smells like something from a bog . Yes it does a great job of leaving your skin soft & silky but so do the other bombs & they smell much better . LUSH products are expensive but they do a wonderful job of making your skin feel great . I was very disappointed in the Sex Bomb Bath Bomb because of the smell .
 This bath bomb is just `` meh '' for me . I have used several of them and every time I keep hoping that it 'll just be an amazing experience but really , after the fizz dies down , you 're left with colored water and some random stuff floating around . The scent is a little overpowering in the tub , but it does n't stay on my skin very well . If I 'm going to take a $ 5.00 bath , I would much rather use one of Lush 's bath melts ... they leave your skin feeling much softer than the bombs and tend to smell better too .
 I like Lush products , but the dye in this one was way too potent . Weeks have gone by and I still ca n't get the pink stains off the bathtub , even with softscrub.Try the Butterball bath bomb instead - it feels sublime , and melts away stress without staining the tub .
 I saved this for a bad day and was disappointed . I dropped it into the bathtub which turned neon pink - ok , fun . Then the strong scent of a cheap perfume permeated the bathroom , and I was less happy because it was really pungent . When I drained the bathtub , the pink pigment stained it and I had to scrub it out which was not at all sexy.I recommend Titsy Totsy instead , also from Lush .
 After using the Sex Bomb Bath Bomb for the first time , I must admit I was greatly disappointed ! The pink water was kind of attractive , and it was quite fun watching the ball explode into a fizzing fountain , but the smell was similar to musty , heavy talc powder . '' As I bathed , I tried to convince myself that the smell was n't that bad until my seven year old son opened the door and stopped in mid sentence to ask , `` what 's that aweful smell ? '' I could n't deny the obvious and pulled the drain plug . As I watched my efforts go down the drain , I noticed my squeezed out washcloth draped over the side of the tub with a memorable tinge of bright pink to remind myself not to buy the Sex Bomb again . The bathroom smelled for close to a week , it was terribly strong ! I definitely would not buy another one of this scent but did since order the Butterball Bath Bomb and it 's fabulously rich in moisture , like taking a bath in lotion and very faint butter cream smell !
 I have tried 4 bath bombs from Lush . Each one has disappointed me . While the scents range from ` ok ' to ` really good ' , the bombs fizz out in under 5 minutes and leave massive amounts of * navy blue * grit in the bottom of the tub -LRB- no matter the type of bomb -RRB- . This is not fun to clean at the end of a relaxing bath . I 've also been turned off by the heavy staining characteristics of the bath bombs . If they lasted longer and left my skin feeling more moisturized instead of dessicated , I 'd be more forgiving of it . Bath bombs are mostly scent-infused baking soda . Big deal.If you 're looking for something that gives lots of bubbles , more pampering for your skin and amazing scents , go for the bubble bars and bath melts by Lush . You 'll have some grit in the bottom of your tub afterward , but the trade-off is a longer-lasting , better product .
 I have very sensitive skin and when I opened it the smell was very strong . I did not even try it on my skin since mine reacts to any type of fragrance , had to return it for that reason alone . But found a great alternative , from the Earth Science line , Clarifying cleansing lotion , Apricot night cream , Fragrance free moisturizing lotion etc. . These products are a little cheaper and they are on Amazon , but if you look up the website for earth science , they offer FREE SHIPPING for orders over $ 25 . Well worth trying . Or find the products at Fred Meyers .
 I have loved the face wash -LRB- see my other review -RRB- and tried the face cream today . I found it caused a burning sensation on my face , was greasy feeling and made my skin shiny . It smelled terribly perfume-y , so much so that I ended up coughing . I 've had better luck with Aveno lotion on my face , but it too has a subtle unpleasant odor , although it is described as `` fragrance free . ''
 I was looking forward to using this product and ordered the hand cream and body lotion also . I was so surprised to find that it had an extremely sweet smell that got on everything I wore and touched . A product advertised as being for sensitive skin should be unscented . People with sensitive skin are often sensitive to perfumes !
 This product may work , but I really could n't stand the horrendous smell -- I ended up washing it off my face and hands before I could experience any benefits . I gave it to a friend to try and she commented on the strange smell as well .
 I was expecting this color to be a tad more red than it actually came out . I have naturally blonde hair , but it still looked too orange for my taste . If you are looking for a more blood red color this is not the one for you ! It 's a good dye do n't get me wrong . Just was n't what I was expecting .
 It was a very good color , which even covered my pretty dark hair , but it washed out in less than a week , even with shampoo for colored hair . Really disappointing .
 It 's so weird that I hate it , everyone else seems to love this shampoo.My hair is really thin and not too curly , but i have some natural curls.This shampoo leaves my hair feeling hard and somehow freezy , I 'm now starting to use with conditioner to see if it makes it better but so far I have n't liked it at all.Also it smells like a man 's shampoo , which is such a turn off , it would be great for my husband but not great for me .
 this is fake paco xs . the bottle and sticker is not the real one !! smell right but does n't last long . very up set to order
 does not have the same fragance intensity as what I previously purchased.it is a cheap knock-off so Do n't waste your money
 The Paco Rabanne that I received from Amazon.com does not have the same fragance intensity as what I previously purchased in a store near me which leads me to beliee it is a knock-off of the original product . I will not purchase this producr from Amazon.com again.Thank you for the opportunity to comment on the product.E.G . Kinal
 This is the second time I 've purchased this product . The first time it lasted a year before it broke . This time it has n't even been a month since I 've had it and it broke . I closed the case and the back broke off . I have to duct tape it together so that it closes properly . I feel like I just wasted my money and could have just duct taped the other one that I had .
 I bought this product based in some good reviews , but , really , it does n't work . Does n't hydrate the cuticles . I bought , try use many times a day for many days , and nothing was better.Don ' t buy it !
 My nails are brittle and break easy . I like trying new things , but this was not a good option . I liked the apricot smell , but the cream did n't really absorb into my nails , they kind of got moisturized , but not protected , and definitely not as good as other brands I have tried . I would recommend Solar Oil or Burt 's Bees Lemon Cuticle cream . I even like Lip Smackers Bubble gum flavor lip balm for my nails - it is super cheap , rubs in quickly , and gives a beautiful shine . It may sound weird but it works !
 All three pacs came with a loose lid -- therefore , the basically great product was dried out !! I have bought some of these in Wal-Mart in the same shape !! Now , I can hardly find this anywhere in stores , so thought I 'd try online -- guess I 'll just have to try something else -- have used this for years & was very disappointed !
 I am trying to find a good cuticle cream . I have tough cuticles , and this product did nothing . I 'm still looking for a good cream .
 As a top coat , it is absolutely useless . If i could give it no stars i would . But since it is a pretty decent base coat , a fair rating will be 1 star . Here are my tests.Week A
 I have been using this product for a while and consistently have had the same issues . As a base coat , Double Duty works decently . I use a lot of polishes containing glitter , and Double Duty makes it really easy to remove the polishes - otherwise the glitter sticks to my nails and is next to impossible to remove . However , it also tends to peel up at my cuticles , and eventually my polish will catch on clothing or a towel and peel off in a large sheet . It makes removing polish easy and fun -LRB- but horribly unhealthy for my nails -RRB- . As a top coat , this product is the worst . I can let my nails dry for 4 hours , go to bed , and wake up with imprints of my sheets in my nails . Hours after using it , I can still leave fingerprints on my polish or smudge it . There are other base/top coats out there that are similarly priced and work much better . Would not recommend .
 My manicure -LRB- with OPI polish -RRB- chipped off rather quickly . The base coat did n't seem to adhere well to the nail bed . I only used it as a base coat ; I 'd heard on the internet that it was dreadfully slow to dry as a top coat . Should I have bought from a pricier line -LRB- Seche Vite , Essie -RRB- ? Maybe so .
 This product `` dries '' -LRB- and that 's a generous word -RRB- very gummy . I 've been sitting here with it on my nails for over 30 minutes and it 's like I just put it on from the bottle . I wish I would have seen these reviews before I wasted my time and money on this .
 What a disappointment . It takes forever to dry and stays gummy for an incredibly long time . Even after sitting without moving for 20 minutes , I ended up with with that nasty rough finish on my nails because the stuff still had n't fully dried . Waste of money - threw it away after the first use .
 It 's decent as a base coat , but this brand also has base coats that work better and provide other benefits such as strengthening your nails or making them grow faster . I 'd recommend other base coats from this brand , just not this one . It does n't seem to dry hard enough to work as a top coat either . Buying separate base and top coats would more than be worth the extra effort .
 As this is the only product I 've been using for months now , I can only assign the orange stain on my nails to this item , especially since the nail polish never actually has direct contact with my nails . I 'm going to be looking for something else ...
 I have very fine , naturally dark blonde hair , which is prone to damage and getting split ends and breakage . I occasionally dye my hair and it can not take much stress at all . This shampoo did give decent volume , however it has sulfates in it , which apparently causes issues and damage to my hair . This shampoo made my hair frizzy and increased my fly-aways . Whenever I would use it , I could never give the fly-aways to tame down , even after using Redken Anti-Snap leave-in treatment . I think it would be fine if you have naturally thicker hair with a stronger hair follicle , but my hair just ca n't take it . I would recommend that if you have fine hair with a tendency toward breakage , try the Abba or Kenra product lines . For flyaways , I would recommend Redken Extreme Anti-Snap . They do not have sulfates , which can lead to breakage and are in most shampoos on the market today .
 I love many products of this line , but have not cared for the shampoo . It leaves my hair feeling dry and dull .
 Purchased this from Amazon . I love the Big Sexy Hair products that I purchase from salons , but whatever was in this bottle , it was n't Big Sexy Hair shampoo ! I used it for four months while thinking something was n't right with this product , but wanting to get my money 's worth and reasoning that my hair could just be changing texture . I have moderately thick hair that normally keeps curl and body for two days after showering , but my hair was so limp , lifeless , and sticky-feeling after shampooing with this ! It would go limp immediately after styling and felt dirty constantly ; it felt and looked like I needed to wash it just a few hours after showering . Last week I finally purchased this product from my usual salon , and VOILA , my hair is back to being full , feeling clean , and having body ! Good to know it 's not just my hair . And ick , never purchasing a beauty product from Amazon again !
 I have been using Big Sexy Hair products for 4 + years . This is NOT Big Sexy Hair Shampoo ! Big Sexy hair shampoo is not clear , it is a pink pearly color , and it is not scented like this . I use this shampoo because it is the only kind that does not make my hair greasy . After going through KMS , Biolage , Redken , Paul Mitchell , Bumble Bumble and just about every other quality shampoo out there , I know what works and does not work with my hair type . THIS DOES WORK BECAUSE IT IS NOT REALLY BIG SEXY HAIR SHAMPOO . I know what Big Sexy Hair Shampoo , Conditioner , and every other BSH product looks and works like . I am simply disgusted to receive different cheap shampoo in a Big Sexy Hair bottle . If I could put 0 stars I would . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!
 Do not buy this if you want volume . I chose this over the regular Big Volume shampoo thinking it might be a little better . This shampoo left my hair very soft , but very flat . It is also harder to brush your hair out after using this . The product is also clear and smells a lot different which did n't matter to me as long as the results were good , but they were n't so I 'm returning the extra bottle that I bought .
 I almost always read the Amazon reviews but for this product I did not . I have been using it for several years and knew I liked it . So when I saw the great price on the big bottle I ordered it.I was surprised when I got it to see it was crystal clear -LRB- Big Sexy Hair Shampoo is creamy -RRB- and had a fragrance to it . In addition , the label had some of the lettering coming off . I got online , read the other reviews and printed out my return label . This is not the genuine product .
 My order was fulfilled by NewVoBeauty . Do not order from them . Whatever is inside the container is not Big Sexy Shampoo . I have used this product for many years . It was painfully obvious . Shame on NewVoBeauty .
 THIS STUFF SUCKS !! IT MADE MY HAIR VERY DIRTY LOOKING , AND FLAT , I BOUGHT MINE AT WALMART FOR 10.00 A BIG WASTE ... DON `` T WASTE YOUR MONEY LIKE I DID
 I have used this product in the past , after purchasing it at a salons and the pump feature always works great . This Gel product I have now purchased seemed to have a defect of some kind . The pump does not allow me to pump very high for the Gel to come out . And its a pain to keep using my fingers to try and lift the pump higher for the Gel to come out.Other than that the Gel is the same .
 I used this on my hair and it 's too much like glue to me . It does hold the hair in place , I love how it works on my sideburns . However , once you put this on you can not comb through it or else there will be breakage . I need a good hold , but still some bendability . I 'll have to pass on glue holds where you ca n't even run your fingers thru .
 I do n't like the smell , but worse , I ca n't believe how difficult it was to wash it out of my hair . Thank goodness I only used it to hold my bangs slicked back . I ca n't imagine how horrible the experience would have been had I used it throughout my hair . I had to shampoo twice , and use inordinate amounts of shampoo just to get it all out.I want to grow my bangs out . With this glue in my hair , I ca n't run my fingers through it . If you want to convert your hair into a helmet , this is the goop
 This stuff is too thick and goey to evenly distribute through your hair . The product is closer to a glue than a gel . It will clump your hair together making it look very unnatural . The smell is also pretty strong and can be annoying after awhile if you do n't like it . On the positive side , the hold is very strong and it does n't flake . I can imagine that it would work exceptionally well for VERY SHORT hair -LRB- short spiking -RRB- where there is n't a lot of hair to apply the stuff or longer styles but w / intentionally stiff/slick back -LRB- imagine cheesy Steven Segal -RRB- style . But for medium short hair -LRB- > 3-4 inches -RRB- , I think American Crew is better . AC has a firm -LRB- although not as much as SSH -RRB- , but more flexible hold that looks more natural , professional , and sophisticated . Also , when AC gets scrunched out , your hair becomes soft , natural , w/o crunchiness , w/o flakes , but still maintains a flexible shape/hold with a more matte finish . If you want a stronger hold for AC , then after styling , apply a freezing hairspray to lock in the hold . Overall , SSH is just too thick and nonversatile but may be an excellent gel for the right style . For me , it just did n't work and I still prefer AC -LRB- although its not perfect either -RRB- .
 Seeing how there are almost 100 reviews with a 4.5 / 5 rating , I thought I 'd give this product a try despite the price . Unfortunately , it did n't work too well for me . My hair is a little under than an inch long and while it did hold my hair style in place , it failed to clump all the hair strands into bigger pieces of spikes . I guess you really must have hair shorter than 0.5 '' to use this product . I 've used this product with and without watered hair . It does n't make your hair shine either.If any of you guys are looking to seriously spike your hair -LRB- regardless of hair length -RRB- , stick with Got2B Ultra Glued . Has more shine and actually holds your hair in place .
 The product is too sticky and is hard to work with in the hair . It also dries out my hair .
 After reading all the great reviews about this product , I decided to get it . When I received it and pumped some out of the bottle , I was n't expecting what I got . Its very gluey and sticky , did not feel like a normal gel that moves around freely in your hand . This literally felt like a hard glue in my hands . I went ahead anyway and put it in my hair , I have longer hair than just spikes on top , probably 2-3 inches around , and this gel was just too sticky to do what I wanted with my longer hair . I also have a lot of hair , as soon as the gel got into my hair it was just impossible to move it around . I quickly washed out my hair and am using L.A. Looks , a more traditional gel . In conclusion this `` gel '' did n't work for me . I gave it 2 stars because some people are looking for a very hard glue type gel and if you have very short hair to spike it probably does work , but if you like more of a water based gel and have longer hair , this is not for you .
 HELLOAMAZON , i 'm using this product from last 3 year 's but the product i got last time its not original , it does ' t smell like original one and really bad for hairs i also checked with couple salon shops they said the same thing . Im not happy at all amazon im losing my hairs because of this fake gell , i bought it because it was good deal 3 of them last time . i bought few things from you never had a issue before .
 Very good product except that they sent me the 5.1 oz tube instead of the 16.9 oz pump bottle . Not sure why this happened but my receipt said for the 16.9 oz bottle . Not very happy about the situation .
 Good grief , I ca n't believe how much I paid for this ! It 's totally useless for me . Do n't use it on hair longer than 1/2 inch . My hair is about 4 inches long , which I consider short , and when I put it on my hair , it was a nightmare . It hardened like concrete and I could n't get a comb or brush through it without extreme pain . I brought the nightmare to an end by washing it out of my hair . Never again !
 You guys should update the pic ... what you see in the pic its not the same one so i m kind of upset ... becoz they changed the package a year ago but you guys still using the old version pic of it ... if i knew this will happen to me i never order it in a first place
 I have used this product for years and it is fantastic . The reason why it only received 2 stars is because of the pump dispenser that the product is in . The pump does not work well AT ALL . The pump get stucks constantly and only dispenses a small amount . I constantly need to &#34; mess with it &#34; for it to actually dispense the gel . The gel = phenomenal , the pump = HORRIBLE !
 I did not like charlie gold at all . very overbearing and harsh smelling . the funniy thing is i like charlie , charlie red and charlie blue .
 I have gifted this to one of my friend and I was shocked to know from her that it has left stains on her white colored clothes . That 's ridiculous . She was thinking that to save some money I have bought it from some unauthentic place .
 I used lots of other curlers because of my thick , straighten eyelashes.This one do its jobs , but always pulls my lashes out one or two , and did not get my eyelashes which is the ends of my eyes.I 've never pulled my lashes before , even when I used a cheap curler . Such a waste of money . I 'll go back to shu-emura .
 Well , I am sorry I bought this , the old Maybelline curler works as well . I do n't see what the fuss is about and I ca n't return it . Bummer.I might try a heated one .
 I have been using B&B products , mainly Gentle Shampoo and Super Rich Conditioner , for more than 10 years . The products that I purchased from Amazon are not authentic Bumble and Bumble . Next time I will just order from the B&B website and pay a little more . At least I will know exactly what I 'm getting .
 Ordered the 33 oz . and the smell is totally off . I am VERY disappointed . Amazon should really look into this ...
 I bought this in 2010 . I realize that was two years ago and something was just strange about it . I could n't put my finger on it . I figured it was from Amazon so they would n't allow a vendor to sell something that was n't the authentic product . I was wrong . I recently bought a bottle from the salon and was able to compare the difference . Whoever was scamming everyone was using handsoap -LRB- white -RRB- I want to say softsoap in the shampoo container . I have n't figured out what was in the conditioner but it is definitely a fake .
 I love Bumble and Bumble products but never received my conditioner ordering from Fragrance.net . I finally emailed them after 3 weeks and they refunded my money the very next day , but all I truly wanted the most was my product .5 stars for bumble and bumble , no stars for fragrance.net supplier .
 you can see some sticky things building upon on the ceramic area and it takes a lot of effort even for my very thin hair . . and when I used my friend 's chi straightener I could really see how a straightener supposed to work . . I would never buy this again
 I did not like this bath bomb . I dont see how its a best seller . I did not like the way it smelled . When it melted in my bath tub , it left some type of sea weed in my water . Scent did not last long either ! Waste of money .
 The scent was nice - the seaweed was not . Esepcially in a jacuzzi tub . By the time I figured out what was going on - it was a little late.Taking apart the jacuzzi after a bath sort of defeats the purpose of a relaxing bath .
 After waiting for over 2 weeks for a gift for my wife -LRB- a week after mommys day -RRB- with shipping information saying it would arrive right before or a day after . NOTHING ... Then when I contacted the company they try to blame Amazon , that my order was blank . Amazon emails there orders to there customers . It has products in it . Either way save your self some time order from someone other than LUSH .
 I use a lot of Lush products . This one is not for me . Did not enjoy the smell and the seaweed in it was definitely a turn-off . Be sure to put it in a small piece of hosiery if you do n't want to be floating in spider-leg-like pieces of seaweed . In fairness , I love the bubble bars so much better than the bombs . If you are a first time user of Lush and really wanting to experience the luxury of their products , I would recommend trying one of the `` candy-scented '' bubble bars . They are all to die for !!
 This is the 4th Lush one I 've tried . Out of all of them , I liked this one the best . The scent was OK , but still not long-lasting . Anyway , I like the ones from Haute Tub * much * better . Their buttercream frosting , candy cane crunch and pumpkin pie all smell great . They practically smell up my whole house . Just thought I 'd share .
 This was a joke , we tried to use it for french manicures and we ended up throwing it in the garbage .
 I really need to stop ordering perfume online . I only have myself o blame . This smells bad . Like really rancid old patchouli oil
 Not the fregrance I thought it would be . Too much other oil smell in the mixture . . I had some cologne and body wash with Patcholli fregrance and it was so nice , spicey , woods , but this just plain stinks . .
 This was my first purchase on Amazon and they ripped me off by making me pay $ 65 taxes and shipping . I filed a complaint and they said thats the way it is.Never shop from Amazon !!!! I would buy some thing for few extra dollars than getting that kind of surprises.Amazon sucks big time . I would never ever never ever ... buy from this store as I dont want to pay twice the price just because they have some stupid system !! BEWARE >> > NEVER BUY FROM AMAZON
 This set of andis universal comb does n't work with the andis bgrc clippers . This set might work with another style of Andis clippers , but it sure does n't work with the BGRC clipper series . After I received this set and tried all possible options to see if any of the combs would fit , BUT all attempts were unsuccessful . Then I called Andis via their 800 # , spoke with someone who confirmed that the B & B Universal Comb 12995 would NOT work with the BGRC . I was advised to purchase a different set of combs . So , I wasted my money on that set .
 I bought this 9 piece comb set because it stated Universal Comb Set . They do n't fit on my Adis nor my Oster detachable clipper . Do not waste your money on this .
 The wrong size combs were sent for my Andis T-Outliner . An immediate Auto - Response for my request for exchange or refund was received.No further follow up.After almost 2 weeks of no further action I contacted Amazon.Amazon 's immediate follow up on the matter was 5 star.After acknowledging the authenticity of the matter , arranged for the proper Refund .
 This does not fit all Andis clippers as advertised . I have the T-outliner clippers , and these guards are too big for them . Not sure what models they do fit on .
 This did not smell as good as the bottle I bought from Sephora . It kind of smells like it has more alcohol in it or something . Next time I will spend the extra money and go to Sephora .
 If I could give this item only half a star I would.The smell is definitely altered , as it is the colour . ArmaniMania is one of my favourite perfumes , I got compliments every time I wore it.This one smells `` cheap '' and it 's giving me headaches.On top of everything , one can not return a perfume to Amazon ! Apparently because it 's a flammable item - one wonders , if that 's the case , how come THEY were able to ship it to one in the first place ?!? I do NOT recommend buying perfumes from Amazon - this is the second perfume that I bought here and is defective . I 'll also consider hard buying any other items from them ... Their `` no return '' policy on this item , or any other items , should be posted VISIBLY , in caps , as a warning , for people to know BEFORE they buy ... because honestly , it feels like Amazon is scamming the people !
 the product ca n't be departure to my country because is a dangerous product.I have no idea about this , and i need return the perfum , please contact me for this problem .
 This Black Hair product did not cover my wife 's Gray Hair at all ... It did , however turn her Gary Hair a nice bright coppery orange ...
 Please do n't waste your money . This product if horrible . This product says 2 bags , it actually means that they 're are two bags of product to use in one session . It takes alot of time to use this product . Over 4 hours . You apply the first bag of product and time it , then rinse it , and apply the other bag of henna , time it , and rinse . It claims to cover grey . It only tints it slightly . But you do n't read this until you get the product and its in the instructions . Nothing wrong with the seller or their service .
 I was excited to see that you could achieve a brown color with a henna product . Or so I thought . The information on the web site does n't contain important points that would enable you to make an informed decision to purchase this product . There is a very detailed color chart included with the product that is not provided on the web site . This would be the first step in making an informed decision to purchase . The color chart revealed that in fact , this product will not produce light brown results , but a variety of reddish tones.The web site also does n't explain the lengthy , cumbersome , messy and complicated process involved in actually using the product . Well at least I think it is all those things , because frankly I wo n't even be trying the product based upon the instructions . It was n't that expensive so it is not worth it to return it , but I hope that better information is provided in the future to avoid someone else having a disappointing purchase experience .
 I ordered this for my Mom -LRB- she loves Safari and I ca n't find it in stores anymore -RRB- . When it arrived , it was a tiny amount of perfume in a much larger bottle -LRB- I know , it 's perfume and more concentrated , but the size of the bottle seemed misleading -RRB- . I literally struggled for half-an-hour to remove the stopper from the bottle . My mom is in her 80 's , and I knew she would not be able to handle it . When I called the vendor -LRB- Beauty Encounter -RRB- they were very rude , denied there was a problem and said if I wanted to return it I would have to pay for it . -LRB- Plus I had to pay for the LD phone call ... apparently they have an 800 # but do n't print it on the packing slip -RRB- . I ended up ordering the Safari eau de parfum spray from -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- much better experience -RRB- , and keeping the perfume with the stopper myself . A $ 66 mistake !
 It is so hard to find a cologne that works with your own body chemistry . I have been using this for years and was dissapointed when Aramis stopped producing it . I ordered a bottle directly from Amazon and not an individual seller , thinking that this would be safer . I received the bottle and noticed that the packaging was off . I have two bottles at home that I purchased from retailers a while back . They did not look the same . When I sprayed the contents it was totally awful . The cologne was not even close to the right scent . It was a total fake . I would not recommend buying this product . I guess that I just have to seek out a new cologne . I suggest the same for anyone else that uses Aramis Life.Aramis Life By Aramis For Men . Eau De Toilette Spray 3.4 Ounces
 So very sorry Tova sold her line to qvc . 3 friends have taken a fragrance test.I purchased a bottle with the original Tova gold label on the bottom of the bottle . I just purchased 4 bottles of the frosted bottles from Amazon . We all sprayed original on one hand the other on the other hand . New one loose fragrance within 10 minutes . Original lasted the entire day . I want to return all of them . I am so disappointed .
 I whould love to start colecting eyeshadows but since most of the names are in french I do n't know what the colors look like . this is very fustrating . fix this !
 Just wanted to add my thoughts to the rather sparse reviews here . Lately I 've purchased quite a few colognes . Three of which were made by Lacoste
 As you can see from the above review , this USED TO BE a phenomenal product . What the previous reviewer appears to be unaware of though is that this is not the same old -LRB- excellent -RRB- ALmay product but a new and revised version in which Almay polluted the ingredients by adding propylene glycol -LRB- PPG , PEG , etc. -RRB- , a common skin irritant and culprit in perioral dermatitis ... A form of adult acne.For a company that likes to promote it 's products as ` hypoallergenic ' , why add such a common allergen ???? I do n't get it!The 1 star was for the addition of salicylic acid , an excellent non irritating clarifying agent . If the addition of salicylic acid however necessitated the addition of propylene glycol , forget the salicylic acid .
 Wear foundation every day , have tried many different kinds . This is the only foundation that has ever made my face break out in a terrible rash that covered my entire face . Very painful and embarrassing . You wo n't be able to wear makeup over it . Took two weeks before it was completely gone . I would n't recommend this to anyone with sensitive skin .
 Zim 's Crack Creme Gel works as good as the original but you wo n't smell like licorice when you apply it . Zim 's is the only product I know of that repairs cracked skin in the dry Colorado winter . But beware the vendor if it is not being sold directly by Amazon . The shipping costs were cleverly hidden in the advertisement , and the shipping and handling costs were more than the cost of the product itself . This is just a little 2 oz tube of gel . There just is n't any reason to charge $ 5.00 to ship it . Next time I 'll buy it someplace else , but this 2 oz tube will last me a long time .
 I 've always used , and loved , the Aramis Lab Series lip balm . Since that product was discontinued I 've been looking for an adequate replacement . I bought the Peter Thomas Roth product based on the one positive review on this site . It serves me right for buying a product with only one review . This lip balm is terrible . First of all it comes in a tiny little standard squeeze bottle that does n't even have a rounded tip for application . It 's basically your typical fat ended squeeze bottle . When you apply it you will notice that it is nothing more than a thick sticky oil , and that 's the way it feels on your lips . You 'll feel like your lips are coated with a thick sticky oil . A second later , you 'll notice that it tends to numb the nerves in your lips so they will feel funny . Even after I 've dabbed most of it off , my lips still feel greasy and numb . Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere for a good lip balm DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . I just wasted $ 24 on something that 's going straight into the garbage .
 I 'm completely dumbfounded . I have been using Phyto products for years and I love them . I thought I 'd try this to make my hair more hydrated - it 's been feeling a little dry . But , this product does n't make my hair any more hydrated . In fact , it makes my hair feel even drier than it was feeling before . I do n't know how that could be possible ! This is garbage .
 I generally love Phyto products but this is one that did not meet my expectation . I have fine hair that has been chemically treated . It tends to be frizzy and unmanageable , especially with humidity . This product did not even smooth out the tangles ! In addition , it did not leave my hair manageable as some of the other phyto products have . I would not purchase again .
 I know this is a natural product , but it smelled as if it was past its date . I had to use alot to get any kind of moisturizing . I prefer the Hydrating Hair Mask over this one .
 This product did not work well on my natural hair . It did not penetrate the hair shaft . I would n't bother with this one .
 I bought this because it was organic and wanted so much to like it . But the scent , while not unpleasant , was way too strong . I dumped all the powder out and replaced it -LRB- in the same container -RRB- with unscented , plain cornstarch which I had heard was fine to use in place of powder . The scent from the packaging was so strong that it infused the cornstarch which is now as strongly scented as anything I 'd want to use . So I would n't recommend this unless you like a really strong scent and even then I 'd recommend smelling it first to make sure you like this particular scent since it is so strong .
 This product made my face itch especially around the chin/mouth area . I think it was like a minor chemical burn . After trying it for less than a week -LRB- hoping my skin would get used to it -RRB- , I give up . Now , my skin is peeling . Perhaps , I am allergic to it ? Awfully expensive to waste . : -LRB-
 I picked this up when my local drugstore was sold out of the usual Cerave lotion -LRB- the one in the pump bottle -RRB- , thinking it would be a suitable replacement.This is essentially the same product , but thicker and richer . It does n't seem to absorb quite as well as the lotion at first , and leaves you feeling pretty greasy . On the other hand , it does seem more powerful and restorative.My biggest gripe is the packaging . Why is this just sitting in a big bucket and not in a pump ? You have to stick your fingers into it , contaminating the bulk with each use . Ick .
 This cream is fine for night-time , but not for daytime because it coats your face and is n't absorbed into the skin . If the weather is hot and humid or if I am active the cream makes my face look wet . I wo n't buy again .
 I use Proactive for acne treatment . And my skin tends to become very dry afterwards , especially at my nose . The cerave cream moisturises other face regions well , but it does not moisturize my nose region well or long enough . I tried to put a lot on my nose region , but the cream was too thick to get absorbed , leaving unabsorbed white stretches on my nose . I strongly wish that the cream can be less thick and more absorbing .
 I heard great things about this product and , because my eczema was getting progressively worse , I would try just about anything anyone recommended to me.Unfortunately , this product seemed to dry out my skin even more so that it had been over the course of about two weeks ! I have also tried CeraVe Moisturizing Lotion AM with SPF , and that seemed to do even more damage ; within a couple of days , I began desperately trying to find a new moisturizer ... to no avail : -LRB- I feel like every moisturizer I have tried has either dried my skin out more or made me itchy , and CeraVe seemed to do BOTH ... And the search continues ...
 * J 's Wife * To say the least , i have VERY sensitive skin -LRB- Rosacea and SD -RRB- . I was very excited to try this moisturizing product since it has so many great reviews and winter was approaching quickly . After 1st night time application , however , my skin broke out in tiny whitish or clear bumps all over my face . Maybe they would have gone away over time but I 'm not one to try that sort of thing out :-RRB- . Yet , now my husband uses it every night and loves it ; So , I 'm sure it works for some .
 This product comes in a jar that does not have a safety seal and as far as I am concerned that is a safety issue . People purchasing a product meant to be left on the skin have the right to know that the product is clean and was not used by anyone else before they bought it.As for the actual product , I liked it a lot at first , which is why I was so upset that it did not have a safety seal . But my indignation was premature , clearly this product is not the miracle product I thought it was initially.At first this product seemed to sink in and make my skin feel comfortable after washing and it gave my face a healthy matte appearance , but over time my skin became drier and after several weeks my combination skin had turned into dry skin that was so tight after washing , it was almost unbearable.Since I had been using the same cleanser for years clearly it was not my cleanser . When I went back to my old moisturizer the tight feeling and flaking went away.I wanted so much to like Cerave because my old moisturizer costs twice what Cerave costs , so I bought a new jar of Cerave and got the same results . Clearly my old moisturizer is helping to maintain my skin , Cerve just seemed to coat my skin.It made my skin look ok , but it felt terrible . I can not recommend this product .
 My son has atopic dermatitis and he just recently went to the dermatologist . The dermatologist prescribed a steroid cream and then recommended we buy Cerave ... for his eczma . The reason I was reading the reviews was because I do n't feel this product is beneficial for his skin and wanted to see if other people had a problem with it drying skin out . Another doctor has told me that you should never put anything on sensitive or eczema prone skin that the ingredients start with water or alcohol ... so I was shocked to see this dermatologist got us to buy a cream that has those two things first in its ingredients.I believe it may help some people , but everyone 's skin is different , what works for one person does n't work for another so keep that in mind when buying this product .
 bad service , took a long time , sent me smaller than i requested but charged more ! wtf
 My hair did n't feel good . It was n't soft it was greasy and it felt with built-up . IT WAS NOT MANAGEABLE ! Not worth it .
 I was anxious to try this product out after reading all the positive reviews . However , I found this nourishing cream to be anything but nourishing ... or `` creamy '' . In fact , it 's consistency was too light to be an effective moisturizer and it actually dried my hair out and made it brittle . I would absolutely not recommend this product to anyone .
 This product claims to moisturize ultra dry hair . Well I guess it does n't know what ultra means because it had absolutely no positive effect on my hair which is type 4 . It does n't have a nice fragrance either . I wo n't recommend this for extremely dry african american hair .
 I love the perfume . The top does not stay on the bottle . Which is very irritating.I will probably order another bottle and see if was just defective .
 I think something funny is going on with this product for a couple of reasons .1 - the web addresses on the bottle doesnt exist .2 - the company name skin origins nowhere to be found on googleSo what does that mean ? Well it means if the product is bad or you have a complaint there is nowhere to complain to . So why would a company do that ? If this is such a great product and does all it claims . So they can not be held accountable for the false claims and the claims as far as im concerned are false.I bought this product as I have been testing various anti aging skin products , from chanel ultra correction lift , auravie , levela , loreal , olay , no7 , clarins.I have very sensative skin and this product after 2 days use caused my skin to break out and soon as I stopped it cleared up . So I tried it again and the same thing happened.So for sensative skin this is not a good choice , it also does not go on smooth it has a very weird texture very gooey like ghostbusters ectoplasm and my skin didnt like it either as it never really absorbed it left my skin very greasy.The pump like many have said is terrible , I unscrewed the top and found immediately 1 of the reasons its terrible there is no tube or straw attached to it so there is no way for it to suck up the product past the very top of the bottle so once you use it about 10 times thats it you have to unscrew the top and scoop the rest out with a qtip or pop sickle stick this is a completly terrible useless design of a bottle.So not only does the product not work the bottle is a junk design also.If you have sensative skin stay away from this product it does not work any better then the shoddy bottle its packaged in . I am all for giving small companies chances but when you can not track them down and the web address is not valid on the bottle either then you know something is wrong . Some good products i have and tried are chanel ultra correction lift , L'oreal Rivitalift , Olay proX , boot No7 protect & perfect .
 I would not recommend this product for the price and the result . I 'm actually tempted to return the lotion and get my money back because the pump was so ineffective at actually getting the cream out of the bottle !
 I waited to write a review until I was sure of this product . I have used the Neuvaderm now for just over three month 's and it definitely has diminished wrinkles and tightened the skin on my neck . I am 65 years old and this has made a real difference . I use this during the daytime and then a Retinol product at night . I read an article that said use an anti aging cream with Palmitoyl Pentapeptide and Acetyl Hexapeptide 3 in it and this has both . Dr. Oz also mentioned those two ingredient 's when recommending what to look for in an anti-aging cream . I do n't endorse many product 's , but this is a good one and contrary to what the one reviewer said about also giving review 's on male enhancement , I do n't know anything about that and I am sure many other reviewer 's do n't either . I am giving a review because this product work 's . It has been month 's now since I wrote this review and even though I have really liked this product , it has come to my attention that it contains two ingredient 's , Butylene Glycol and Propylene Glycol which are both toxic according to the EPA , which warns against contact to prevent brain , liver , and kidney abnormalities . It penetrates the skin , weaken 's proteins and cellular structures ; it 's found in anti-freeze and is strong enough to remove barnacles from boats !! This is not the only product which contains these ingredient 's . Many of the top selling anti-aging creams , including Olay have them in their 's also . Avon 's Dramatic Firming has all seven ingredient 's on the list of Carcinogenic and Toxic Ingredient 's . The other five are PEG-100 , which reduces the skin 's natural moisture and is used in oven cleaner 's , PEG 150 , same as above , Triethanolamine , which can cause liver and kidney cancer , Methylparaben , linked to Breast cancer , and Parfume/fragrance , which is toxic . Derma E is a line that offer 's cream 's with peptides and lot 's of vitamins that works well and does n't contain these ingredient 's . Reviva Lab 's has product 's without also and am sure there are many more . I really liked the way my skin felt using the Neuvaderm , but just ca n't continue using it anymore because of the health risks . Just wanted to bring this to everyone 's attention so you can make your own choice .
 Acetyl hexapeptide-8 -LRB- Argireline -RRB- is a synthetic peptide that reduces wrinkle depth , and it has promising results in trials published in medical journals -- very few anti-wrinkle ingredients stand up to this scientific scrutiny . The recommended strength in these scientific studies is 10 % Argireline as part of an oil/water emulsion product . Some vendors sell anti-wrinkle creams with 15 % or 25 % Argireline , but based on the lack of long-term studies , I 'd rather try a product with 10 % concentration.Neuvaderm ingredient info provided to consumers , which is supposedly in descending order of components , lists acetyl hexapeptide-8 before glycerin . That sounds encouraging . Does that mean it contains a high percentage of Argireline ? First I tried contacting Skin Origins , the manufacturer of Neuvaderm , to ask what percentage of the product was Argireline . But I could find absolutely nothing on the company , which was suspicious to me . How can I find out anything about this `` clinically proven '' product , if I can not even find the manufacturer ? Does anyone with a Skin Origins product have any contact info they can share ? BTW , Neuvaderm is not the same as Neuviderm , and Skin Origins is not the same as Origins.The hidden manufacturer led me to believe Neuvaderm was made for specific vendors . So I emailed the Amazon vendor , American Health Supplies . They replied within several hours , `` Thank you for inquisition . This is a proprietary formula . '' ??! My question was n't quite as severe as an inquisition , but I was shocked to receive that reply from them . I did n't ask for their formula -- no companies would provide that ! After I replied to their non-answer , they emailed with another non-answer , `` We do n't have the exact % 's available for our products . We go the extra mile for our customers . Again , I truly apologize . '' Okay ... so they SAY they go the extra mile , but evidently determining the concentration of a key ingredient is beyond that mile . Apologizing must be within that mile . I give up . At this point I hesitate to buy the product based on poor customer service from the vendor and non-disclosure from the manufacturer . Are the ingredients even listed accurately ? Maybe Neuvaderm contains an insignificant amount of Argireline and who knows what else ? That is my justification for a 1-star rating
 Ca n't really evaluate the product itself because ease of use is impaired by the fact that the cream will not emit from the push spout . It is annoying and wasteful to dump more than is necessary for one facial application into one 's hand . Can you have the manufacturer replace this vial ? It 's a shame to have the faulty delivery device impact the product when so many other purveyors get it right .
 It did n't do absolutely anything . Do n't waste your money . It did n't help with fine lines and wrinkles , and it did n't make my skin look better .
 It seems that many of the reviewers are also promoting male enhancement products . So I suspect that they are likely fake . Buyer beware .
 If you already know the Jovan Musk by Jovan 3.25 oz with orange box and gold lid , this one is much more alcoholic and it smells like cheap perfum . Does not seem the same factory .
 I was trying to remove the new cartridge from the wand . It was stuck in the wand . I wrapped a cloth around the top and used pliers to twist and pull -LRB- as I was told over the phone by New Market -RRB- and the top cracked off . The plastic on the top is very weak and it is not clear how to get the filter out if stuck . Be careful .
 My original review can be found below . The amazon product page was incorrect and had a very incomplete list of ingredients . After contacting the seller with this information they apologized and sent me return postage for the product and update the amazon product ingredients list - which I really appreciated.So other than it not being pure rosewater , the smell of this rose water does not transfer once it 's out of the bottle . You can smell it when it 's in the bottle , but that 's it . It did not smell very good to me , either . I have other rose waters that I find far superior.Original Review : This is NOT genuine rose water , and the ingredients list in the description is NOT a complete list - not even close.This rose water ACTUALLY contains : Spring Water , Centiflora Rosa Oil , Propylene Glycol , Profumo/Parfum , Tetrasodium EDTA , 2-Bromo-2Nitropropane-1 , 3-Diol , Methylchloroisothiazolinone , Methylisothiazolinone.The ingredients list from the product description is : Triple Distilled Italian Rosewater.This is going RIGHT BACK!Also , the smell does not transfer out of the bottle . Once you put it on your skin the smell is gone , unlike normal rose waters . TERRIBLE PRODUCT .
 This product was purchased with the belief -LRB- perhaps mistakenly -RRB- that the pillow , when filled with water , would remain secure to the bottom of our spa . -LRB- In point of fact , I had believed that the pillow had suction cups built in to achieve this . Wrong -RRB- . Event when filled with water as directed , the pillow floats around and gets in the way -- an obvious point when plastic is more buoyant than water.On the positive - made in the US and great quality construction . Just not was I thought is was going to be .
 This seat is not as advertised . The cushion is difficult to fill because it does not have a valve in the stem . Therefore when you fill it with water , it shoots back out on you while you work to plug it . Secondly , it does not stay put . It wants to lift you off the seat . I returned mine and was not refunded the original shipping cost of approx . $ 6.00 . So I 'm out $ 12 . Yuck .
 The ` pillow ' does n't stay put , and is n't tall enough -LRB- 2 '' -RRB- for most people . When filling with water most comes out when you TRY to close/seal the valve . DO N'T waste your money . I am going to throw this out and pay $ 60 for a usable hot tub ` brick ' which gives 4 '' of height and allows the addition of pea gravel or other high density material to prevent floatation . Suction cups are equally useless , as many hot tubs are textured and prevent adhesion .
 I spent more than I wanted to trying to find a `` booster seat '' for my hot tub . At 5 ' 1 '' I need a little lift . These cushions are hard to keep under your bottom and do n't raise me enough . For the cost , I expected a better product .
 This is not what I wanted . I wanted to use it in my walk in bath . It will not fit , and I uave no use for it
 Yes it 's made in the U.S. and is durable . Yet the valve is so big it is impossible to inflate and keep pressurized when you try to put the cap in . Filling with water kinda worked , until anyone -LRB- no matter how small -RRB- went to sit on it ... . again poor valve design .
 I bought this for our indoor tub . Filling was difficult since there is no one way valve to keep the water from running out . Several days later and with little use it decided to leak . Fortunately it was n't that expensive and might have been a flaw in that particular product .
 Sadly this did n't do anything to help my scar , even though I used it very soon after the surgery , and used it as directed . Also it got kind of gross and gummy .
 Been using this for years and I can definitely tell that this stuff does not look or feel like the stuff you get at the Shiseido counters in department stores . Is there such thing as knock off make-up ? If so , I think this might be ... the packaging -LRB- Shiseido box -RRB- that it came in looked really old and worn out . The case itself also looks generic and not the same as the Shiseido counters .
 these powdery has not the box in what it is put on the photo and it is not such good color .
 I had to change my review . Just placced an order and the product is horrible . It stinks like a chemical with a hint on coconut . Like a cheap hotel lotion . The product completely let me down . The seller did get product to me on time . The packaging sucked . it was in a post office envelope . Weird . But the lotion is the DISAPPOINTMENT . THis used to be my favorite lotion . The smell of coconut was strong and lingered on the skin all day . Now it smells gross .
 I was going to use this as a gift and it has not yet arrived and it is already the date that it should have goteen here
 It 's full of paraben that cause breast cancer and sperm killing in men . I was about to buy this for my whole family , but thank God I looked before buying it . I thank others on Amazon who informed me about this chemical because I had no idea I had been using lotions and many other products like shampoo with this chemical in it . I wanted to make sure if what I read on amazon reviews was true and googled parabens and I got scared . My hormones are already irregular and with this chemical I will end up having something I never wanted to happen to me . May God protect us all from all kinds of diseases , Ameen .
 I had this shower gel before and it smelled a lot better . I 'm not sure if this one had been sitting in a warehouse for awhile and the fragrance died but definitely did n't smell as good as the one I had before ... my first unsatisfactory purchase :-LRB- .
 The Blue tube came dried up so I ca n't tell you what it looked like .
 In my case I would give this product 1 star , but I know its worked for some people . Be very careful of this product because although I was expecting it to dry out my hair , it also dried out my scalp . It left me with more dandruff than before , and with a slight rash . I 've tried a ton of products and knew that sometimes trying something new can have weird effects so i tried to stay on it for a 3 weeks , using it twice a week , but it left me worse off . Also if you have a lot of hair -LRB- like me -RRB- there is n't that much in the bottle .
 it gave me a rash on my head and every place it touched my face and neck . I bought it to replace Walgreens T Plus salicylic acid shampoo which does not give me a rash . Even more painful
 Been using this for years and I can definitely tell that this stuff does not look or feel like the stuff you get at the Shiseido counters in department stores . Is there such thing as knock off make-up ? If so , I think this might be ... the packaging -LRB- Shiseido box -RRB- that it came in looked really old and worn out . The case itself also looks generic and not the same as the Shiseido counters .
 these powdery has not the box in what it is put on the photo and it is not such good color .
 Been using this for years and I can definitely tell that this stuff does not look or feel like the stuff you get at the Shiseido counters in department stores . Is there such thing as knock off make-up ? If so , I think this might be ... the packaging -LRB- Shiseido box -RRB- that it came in looked really old and worn out . The case itself also looks generic and not the same as the Shiseido counters .
 these powdery has not the box in what it is put on the photo and it is not such good color .
 I have other T3 products so I purchased this brush thinking it may assist in calming my frizz prone hair a bit . Instead , I might as well have used steel wool to brush my hair . It simply tears the hair apart and if you have thin hair it will shred your scalp too . The bristles are not flexible at all and unless you have very thick hair do not buy this brush . Sorry T3 this product is a dud .
 I would not buy this again nor would I recommend anyone else buy it . Not worth the price . Tears hair .
 I have loved the fragrance of Maja bath soaps for years but the scent of the shower gel does not come close to the original .
 but tonight my face broke out in horrid painful blotches everywhere the cream was . I do n't have overly sensitive skin ; this kind of reaction is n't something I 've had using much harsher products . I 'm not sure why my skin stopped tolerating it all of a sudden . Regardless , it 's not worth it . I look like I 've had a chemical peel .
 I 've used the product for only a few weeks but havent noticed any improvement . . I have 2 brown spots on my face that show no change at all . . dont think I 'd purchase this product again . .
 I experienced a horrible allergic reaction to this product . Do not purchase if you have sensitive skin . Two trips to the doctor , two prescriptions of steroids , & missing work , not worth it .
 This product will clog your pores if your have big pores and you can get an allergic reaction to it if you have sensitive skin . This product is most likely better just for other body parts except the face . I bought this for my face and it was a big mistake .
 Product is too thick and greasy for face application . Left my face red and spotty.May be less IU would be better .
 I prefer the 5,000 IU creme over this 25,000 IU . I have dry skin , but this product is much too heavy to use on my face . It is good to use time-to-time at night when I need a heavy moisturizing dose . But for daily use , stick to the lighter-weight product . I also mix the two on my hand when I need a heavier application .
 Too thick and not easy to spread out the creme on my face . I would not buy this product again .
 It was not very accurate or fuctional . I mean it works but not the way i thougth it would . I would not buy again .
 I was so psyched when I saw this marketed as `` tear free '' . My DD is 18 months old and last summer I had some trouble with her getting the sunscreen in her eyes and they would turn red and tear and her nose would run - it was miserable . So when I found this I was very excited . I used it for the first time today . I put it on - no problem . She then had a small crying temper tantrum as toddlers do . I got her calmed down , but by the time we got to the park the sunscreen must have gotten in her eyes from crying and I had to rush her home to wash out her eyes - she could barely even open them ! I then looked at the warning below and it says be sure not to get in eyes - so I do n't understand the `` tear-free '' part of this .
 I bought this perfume because of the good reviews . But , the item that I get is fake , its barely have any smell and inside the bottle I can see some debris and sandy looking things , I bought it from amazon directly . So , I will recommend everyone who want to buy to ask and confirm to amazon first before ordering this perfume .
 Not what I expected after reading the description , but then most men 's fragrances are not . Paul Sebastian is still my favorite sine Yardley of London Musk for Men is no longer made . If anyone knows where it can be purchased , please let me know .
 I bought this product of Amazon and I 'm really disapointed that I did . While the product does appear to be authentic and smells like the authentic product it is not nearly as potent nor as long lasting as a store bought bottle . My last bottle , bought from a department store , took only 3 sprays and the scent lasted all day . The bottle I bought off e-bay takes 6 or 7 sprays and the scent is almost gone by the time I get to work . Extremely disapointing !
 I happened to know about colognes a great deal , ... and I have conducted a teston this item and it proved to be fake , ... . the odor does not last long -LRB- not enough oil base -RRB- , in fact it smells even differenti bought the original one from the mall and you ca n't compare both ; the one from the mall has a scent that lasts much much longer and is very strong , this product has watery texture . I 'm 100 % convinced in my conclusion that this product is not the real Burberry made .
 Product was supposed to be in stock and have been waiting for a long time for shipment . Back ordered , is the excuse . Should not have been in stock message . I believe it was done on purpose . Buy from someone else.Plenty of suppliers out there .
 I 've had 3 different girls tell me this smells just like a scented maxi pad . I 'm not convinced this is flattering .
 I know this product is really well-reviewed , so when I got it I was a bit surprised at the smell.It 's actually a very nice scent . It has more complexity than you might expect , and a good whiff does n't kill your nostrils.It also lasts a decent amount of time , and it 's definitely a scent you can wear in everyday environments , such as at work.My problem with it is that it 's quite a flowery scent . It 's something you might smell on an older woman , like your Mom . Still a very nice smell , just not for a man in my opinion.Maybe that 's why there are so many good reviews , is because women might like the smell of it , so the guys get good responses , and therefore write good reviews?And yes my bottle was sealed and says FOR MEN on the bottle . Too bad I ca n't return it , maybe I 'll give it to my Mom for Christmas .
 I do like most of Burberry 's line of colognes but I found this one to have a sour smell to it . I 'm very surprised most people liked the cologne . I 've been wearing cologne for over 20 years and have had dozens of different bottles and this one was definitely up there for the worst . I know colognes may vary from one person to the next but this one had a salty and sour fragrance to it .
 I 'm overlooking the fact that the product I received was obviously a previously returned item -LRB- the box was beat up and torn and I had one full ounce less product than marked on the bottle -RRB- . The smell of this product , while not offensive , is almost nauseating because it 's so overpowering . I put a dab on and my unsuspecting wife thought I was painting something with oil-based paints . Also , the ingredient list cold be considered a compendium of bad chemicals . Surprised by all the glowing reviews .
 I 'm disappointed by this headband . After a 30 minute bike ride , it was saturated and the sweat ran down my face . It did slightly diver the sweat but nothing like the product details states.Not sure if there is anything else out there but i tried the Halo II and was no more impressed .
 I purchased one for myself to try out then another for my wife . They are better than a terry cloth band but very , very expensive for the utility you get from them . We use them for biking and they do fit under a helmit very well but for yard work they are just slightly better than our old workout headbands . My low score on this product is mainly on the price and the high freight charge , other wise they seem to be a good product .
 This item is not a sweat band for men who actually sweat . It is more for the tennis playing girl who wants to look cool , would be okay for a woman to use to keep her hair out of her face , but do n't expect it to absorb anything .
 I buy it but on the advertisement there is no indication that it was a tester , I should tell the customer if it is a tester , It make me made a mistake and I have to spend extra money to buy another one that was not a tester .
 I really did n't care for this perfume at all . The notes were extremely masculine to me , and frankly I did n't feel there was anything too unique about it . I think Burberry in general smells wonderful on men , but I have yet to find a perfume of theirs that I would wear .
 I really like Burberry The Beat for women and wanted to try Touch . How far off could they be ? Night and day . I like more sweet smelling perfumes . This one totally reminds me of Axe deodorant . It 's very woodsy . To me it smells way to masculine to be a female perfume . Nauseating .
 I thought this was a green lipstick but its a mood lipstick it does n't change colors either just a bright redesh pink color
 This product came up when I searched for &#34; green lipstick &#34; . It is green-colored chapstick that does not color your lips green .
 color sucks . it stains everywhere . hard to come off . i bought the dark blue and ugh so disappointing . does not show blue at all . very cheap just got it and lipstick snapped in half already .
 I bought this thinking that it would GO ON light blue -- the color of the lipstick . However , when I got this and tried it on , it went on as a red-violet color.As a warning to those looking for lipstick that goes on blue THIS IS NOT what you are looking for .
 This lipstick did not turn out as I had hoped . The color does change as it goes on but on me , it just became an ugly color . It was also not as moisturizing as I had hoped . It might work on another person with different chemistry , but for me it was not a good purchase . I just threw it away after a couple of tries .
 I purchased this product thinking it contained aloe vera , I was wrong and returned it . I found a beauty supply that sales the aloe vera lipstick I was searching for .
 The purple is more fuschia colored . I had to wipe off and then it was still on the rims of my lips , so when I put my brown lipstick on , i had fushia rimmed lips : - -LRB-
 I ordered the purple . Came as a soft pink in the tube , but became an angry hot pink on me , enough to light a dark room , unwearable . Wiped it off right away but still had traces on it 7 hours later and my lips were starched . In the garbage ! Would have given zero stars if possible .
 I saw this on a video of a girl with curly hair -LRB- like myself -RRB- and she was raving about it . I decided to give it a try , despite the price tag . Well , the one plus is that it smells great , which makes me wish I loved it . But honestly it made my hair so greasy it looked like I had n't washed it in days . -LRB- I have normal hair , was looking for a little extra moisture and shine -RRB- Maybe this product would work better on someone with MUCH drier hair ? I tried it several times , on wet , damp , and dry hair . Each way I used it , I got the same result . I really wanted to love this product , but sadly , it is just sitting in my bathroom unused . I am still searching for the perfect product ...
 I bought this because my haircutter at the salon recommended it to me . Sad to say I was disappointed ; it did nothing at all .
 Very weak scent and a little odd - not bad per se , but just strange . Almost like the scent you get from a computer or TV that is hot from being on all day - that mixed with a soft touch of leather . Sadly , another trial that did n't pan out for me .
 The scent was kinda musty , did n't smell like anything that pleasant . I prefer `` fresher '' smelling colognes , not ones that people may think you are wearing day-old clothes .
 Disappointed that my order was cancelled with no reason given . Wo n't order from them again
 The item arrived and my husband and I could not understand what the awful smell was in our house . Needless to say , when I opened the box , the water had leaked out of the bottle . This rose water smells awful and does not do anything but make your face smell bad . I will not be purchasing again . Disappointed !
 I do not know how this product is made or whether or not it has anything to do with roses . It certainly smells NOTHING like roses . Who knows what it is ? I feel badly cheated and will never order it again .
 It was not at all helpful to my skin . I am a person that used to look for answers to skin problems and this was not it . I found my answer but , it is not Rosewater . This sits under my sink and maybe i 'll mix it with my Indian clay or something . May work for some but , not me .
 This is no longer manufactured by Heritage House -- it 's now manufactured by something called `` Seychelles Organics , Inc. '' and it 's no good anymore . There 's no rose scent whatsoever -- it 's just plain water . Do yourself a favor and do n't spend money on this now . It 's just like plain spring water in a spray bottle . Very disappointing .
 I bought this rose water because of the good reviews but I was shocked when I saw the ingredients and actually smelled the product . There is nothing natural about it . It does n't smell like rose water and it does n't feel like rose water.It was big disappointment and waste of money.I use real steam distilled rose water on a daily bases , so I know how it smells . The real rose water I buy has only one ingredient and that is steam distilled flower water . The Heritage Rose Water is not supposed to be called rose water at all . I have very sensitive skin and would not use this questionable product on my face .
 This is n't real rosewater . It is something called `` Vor-mag Water -LRB- water that has been vortexed and magnetized to raise the energy to a higher vibration that we believe to be more beneficial -RRB- and Rose Damascena -LRB- Hydroessential Rose -RRB- Flower Oil '' as listed under ingredients . Seeing as oil and water do n't mix without a binder this is also a waste of money and false advertising.This would probably explain why this product has n't worked for me . I have used rosewater based products like Thayer 's Rose Petal Alcohol-free Witch Hazel toner which has rose water as the first ingredient with great success , but this does n't work form my acne-prone sensitive skin at all . The only thing I can say for it is that it does n't irritate my skin , but then again neither does tap water . If you plan on buying rose water and you are n't familiar with the brand or product I would suggest you look at the ingredients beforehand , otherwise do n't bother purchasing it at all .
 Big Bondini was a total flop . I bought it because it was hypo-allergenic and I am sensitive to other nail glues . Well , I could NOT tell a difference . I reacted just as strongly to this one . Very disappointed .
 I really think this product is still in existence because people remember the good old days of Kiehl 's oils being sold in their stores . They had them all set out on tables and you could sample till you could stand no more ! When you found what you liked , you took your recipe to the pharmacist and he would get you a little amber colored bottle in whatever size you desired . All reasonably priced . I love their Black Narcissus , Honeysuckle and Patchouli . Combined , it drew compliments galore!Now ? All gone . . not a one to be had . I still have my 1/4 oz bottle of Black Narcissus ... and would n't sell it for $ 10,000 or more !! well . . maybe ... LOL . . Ditch this Original Musk and force them to bring back the oldies but goodies . . they would sell like crazy . L'Oreal , I believe , now owns them . . down the tubes quick ...
 It reminded me of old fashioned granny perfume smells . No offense . It was just too powdery smelling . And not very distinctive .
 i am very disappointing with this lotion . I have relatively dry skin , but The fat cream did not give skin the rich and soft touch , it 's hart to absorb . Do not recommend this item .
 Wow , so ibought this from the kiehls site . I was sooo anxious to recieve it , but when it arrived and i opened it and tried it out , it smelled like stale perfume . I waited till it dried to see if the scent would change but it did n't . YUK ! I wish they would have never changed the formula to Jovan musk . That was an amazing scent . If i could find that or something close to that i would be happy . Sorry kiehls . I really am .
 hello , after my order around 45 days ago , i still do not receveid the perfume . i have sent some messages but i did not have a concrete answer.so how do you think is my opinion on this product and above all from the provider ...
 I 'm a musk fanatic ! That being said , I came upon this item and based on the reviews , I was very excited to try it ! Through a search , I found that it is available at a local department store , so rather than risk ordering it , I excitedly ventured out to the store for a test ! My immediate reaction , was `` un-neutered ferret and male cat spray '' For those of you fortunate enough to have never smelled either , let me sum up in one word ... YUCK !!! I thought the scent would improve after a bit , so I walked around , sniffing the pulse points of my wrists , hoping against all hope that after a few moments , I would be able to utter an `` ahhh '' . Sadly , no such luck . The scent never improved and I could n't wait to get home to shower . However , I decided to wait it out , still clinging to the hope the scent would magically improve . Hours later , I took that shower ! Maybe it 's my body chemistry because there are so many positive reviews , but for me , this was not good .
 To whom this may concern : Here is a summary of my recent experience :1 -RRB- This product shows in your listing more than 4 times under slightly different tittles and prices which cause me to pay the higher price2 -RRB- Even though the name is the same and besides having consulted with the distributor to ensure the fragance was the same , the fragance i received was not the same it was rather disgusting3 -RRB- Your support person in India is trained to say yes to everything so with the intention to apeace the customer . . ? come on thas a worst insult4 -RRB- and so on ...
 This is not the smell that I recall from this cologne . It is certainly NOT the nice and spicy floral cologne that it should have been . I do n't believe this is the real deal . Interesting that they are selling it unboxed .
 The supplier never delivered the product . Their customer service is awful . I contacted Amazon and they arranged for a refund . I would never do business with them again !
 The product was damaged . Like everyone below me the cap was busted when I recieved it . I ca n't believe what a waste of money this was . Not worth the money , do not buy this .
 No miracle for me , not even for $ 78 . The peel made my skin flake for two weeks and then break out for almost a month . Bad , bad , bad . Lots of hype surrounding these products , which most of my friends have tried , and most think are just average . My skin can have its moments , but it 's not extremely reactive or dry ... It should be remembered that no beauty product is for everyone.Microdelivery Peel
 I would highly recommend you do not use any of Alba 's sunscreen products . They contain two chemicals that they use that are not good for the body . The two chemicals I am talking about are Octocrylene - Produces oxygen radicals when exposed to UV light and Homosalate - Research indicates it is a weak hormone disruptor , forms toxic metabolites , and can enhance the penetration of a toxic herbicide.You think you can trust the name `` Alba '' , but the truth of the matter is you ca n't . The two sunscreens I would recommend is Badger or Goddess Garden . It frustrates me that you have these companies out there saying that they are all natural but really are n't .
 I bought this product at Target , but plan on returning it before I even use it . Why ? I checked this out on the Environmental Working Group website , where they rate hundreds of sunscreens based on how safe their ingredients are . This product contains Octinoxate -LRB- and several other chemicals -RRB- that EWG raised the danger flag on.Octinoxate is a human endocrine disruptor -- it affected reproduction processes in animal tests , can disrupt cellular activities in humans , and can accumulate in human tissues , according to the site . The other ingredients have also generated concern in scientific studies . The site has detailed info about the ingredients and their side effects.EWG lists the best and safest sunscreens on its site . From now on , I 'll check first before buying sunscreen ... even those that say `` natural '' on the label !
 that 's so cute some people call it natural ... heee . i guess a product chock full o ' chemicals and perfumes , skin irritants and allergens , can be natural . we could just poor some petrol over our head and call it a day .
 I own an old bottle of Alba SPF 30 , in a bottle that looks just like this . It 's a couple years old , and about empty , so I ordered this one.I was so disappointed , because they have changed the ingredients . This one makes my eyes burn HORRIBLY once I get my face wet after applying it . Traditional sunscreen does the same thing , but none of my organic sunscreens , including my old Alba green tea 30 , ever had that effect . I wo n't even be able to use up this bottle because it was so painful . Why did they have to take a great product and make it worse ?
 Not sure the one that is shipped is genuine , becuase the smell is good but it is not strong enough .
 This is the first time I ordered perfume from amazon but did n't have a good experience . I love the scent of bvlgari omnia but I 'm pretty sure this is not the original one . I sprayed so much but the scent still does n't last . This has more of an alcohol and a drop of perfume . I 'm not sure if I can still return it though ... I do n't hae the box anymore : -LRB-
 Ordered 2 bottles of Bvlgari Omnia parfum from TUCCINI for Christmas , arrived late.One box had empty bottle in box , Tuccini said I had returned a used empty bottle , not so . Later returned second bottle , did not smell right , bad product , they said I could n't open a box and try parfume then say I did not like the smell . How can you know what it smells like if you ca n't try it . Really did not smell like the ones you find in department stores.If the price seems too good to be true it probable is.Will continue to order from AMAZON , they are a great company , they made things right .
 I ve been purchasing this perfume for my wife like for 3 years now , all of them bought at Macys , this time i decided it to buy it online and for our surprise , do not smell like Bvlgary omnia to us , i guess its not the real deal , its what we feel .
 There is no fragrance at all , I am pretty sure this is totally fake or 100 years old , I am sad to have wasted my money , I do n't know if I could have returned it after opening it , plus sending back an item is always a pain !
 This perfume is very watered down . You can hardly smell it at all . I am very disappointed in this product ! This is unacceptable , I expect when I order an item that I receive that item , not a watered down version of it !
 My daughter and I use Omnia . It is a wonderful scent and a quality product.HOWEVER ... the company that was to fill the order was seriously lacking in customer service and courtesy!The order was not received on time . The response to my checking on the order was insulting and was merely a jab because I questioned , and about MY RESPONSE ABOUT CHECKING ON THE ORDER , rather than their lack of getting the order taken care of as promised . So it became about me questioning my order when it should have been an `` I 'm sorry you have not received the order . I will be happy to help you and get the order to you as quickly as possible `` Then they started calling me after I finally received the order . -LRB- too late for the gift it was meant for -RRB- The first call came while we were daling with a terminal diagnosis . We told them we were in an emergency and could not talk . Then they called again the next morning . Then again the next day ... next time we told them we are still busy with a family emergency and that a perfume order is the least of our concerns . They called again the next day ... geesh !!! Finally , we stopped answering their calls for a few days . I believe we have had at least nine calls from them after we received the order . They did offer a $ 3.00 or $ 5.00 credit toward my next purchase . There wo n't be one . When I told them that , they did also ask -LRB- snideley , mind you -RRB- what they can do to make me happy . Our response was to leave it be . They still called.The man who called us on he phone was polite , however , when told we were at the hospital with an emergency , he still wanted to talk so he could give us information on how to reach them so we would call them back . WHAT ??? Who does that ? And he kept calling . Once someone says they have a serious emergency , you stop bothering them unless you are friends and loved ones.I like Amazon . I think they are a great company ; and I will still use them . The seller of this item ; I will do without !
 Im upset with this purchase , did not have any problems with shipping but the perfum is not good , i been using this perfum for long time never had any problem before but this time bougth it in a different place and the scent does not last for more than 10 min
 The perfume is amazing - great scent that is said to be for evening but I wear it every day . Unfortunately , the product I received from Tuccini was weak and did n't last . Likely a fake considering the price . Two thumbs up for the product and I wo n't purchase from the seller Tuccini again .
 Not What I Expected , I Thought It Was An Original Name Brand . ! Should Specify That It 's An Imitation Brand
 This is just an average eye cream and would do well for those in their teens/early twenties who have normal skin . It did n't do much for my dry skin area and did n't seem to do anything for the fine lines that are just beginning to appear as I enter my late twenties . I find Neutrogena 's Healthy Skin eye cream to provide much more moisture and better for reducing the appearance of fine lines in the eye area .
 This mirror is a ridiculous price for the quality . It started falling apart 1 day after using it and never did work the way it was supposed to . It would not even stay propped up and then the mirror started coming unglued and falling off the backing .
 I travel quite frequently , and wanted a travel makeup mirror comparable to the one I have at home . The magnification of this one is good ; and , unlike other reviewers , I have n't had trouble with the upper , 1X mirror staying on . The light works great if the batteries are brand new - however , that level of brightness lasts maybe two mornings . I am very careful to shut the mirror off when not in use ; yet , I can not get top quality batteries to light the thing for more than one business trip before I find myself gravitating toward a light in my room to actually see . It does have a port for an adapter . But , first , it does n't come with an adapter ; plus , I 'm already packing charging cords for my phone and computer ... it would just be one more thing to forget . Oh , and if I extend the neck , it tends to slide right back down . Apparently , it 's a little too heavy for the design .
 This was bought for my wife as a gift , site unseen , which turned out to be a mistake.Mirror was too small for everyday use , but good size for travel . The 10x power was really too strong.Wife found it difficult to even see herself in the mirror so I tried as well and sure enough it was just too hard to see.Never even tried to plug it in to wall unit . Wife just did not like it , so I packed it back up and returned it.Kudo 's to Amazon for an easy and quick way to return products , even from third parties.Just not the mirror for her .
 I bought the mirror in June and was thrilled with the 10X magnification with light . I used it everyday until August 24 when the cord developed a short . Now all that I have is an unlit 10X magnification mirror . I am so disappointed in the quality . For the price and only 2 months of use this item is a rip off .
 I really like the size of this mirror , and its adjustable height & horizontal swivel . In that sense , it is really good for traveling . But it simply fails because only one of the two mirrors is actually lit . What a poor design choice . Note to Zadro
 mirror on top is only attached with double faced tape and fell off and broke . Made very cheaoly . When mirror falls off could break and shatter . Very dangerous
 I really liked this mirror when I first got it . I was excited that it seemed portable . It ended up being a pain . The weight of the mirror would collapse itself when I was using it . The weird design ended up being bad because you can not maneuver the mirror very well . The cord was really short so I could n't use the mirror in very many places . There 's a built in alarm that would go off every day and I never set an alarm on the mirror . The bulb eventually burnt out and almost electrocuted me .
 My wife really likes this make-up mirror and I would have given it 4 or 5 stars if they had n't changed what is included . This is the third one she 's had since she first found them . The other two came with the AC Adapter . So when I ordered this one I ASSUMED it would be the same . Stupid me ! They now makle you buy one separately ! And if you try to purchase from Zadro -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- they will soak you more for the shipping than for the adapter ! -LRB- The adapter plus shipping is almost one-half of the price of the mirror ! -RRB- WHAT A RIP OFF !
 This mirror does a fine job as a mirror . However it has a serious flaw . There is a tiny alarm clock that you may not even notice . A couple of years after purchasing this , the alarm battery started going haywire . I could not figure out where the beep of an alarm was coming from in the middle of the night , and finally traced it to this mirror . The bad news is that the battery on the dumb alarm has now been going off intermittently for some time , but it is impossible to replace the alarm batteries . We have tried -- believe me.So it goes off at odd times all during the day and night . I thought it would run out of juice , but it is not doing so . I now have to either continue to listen to the stupid beeping , or discard this mirror and purchase a new , different one -- one without an alarm on it.Throwing it in the trash !
 I purchased this for my wife a few years ago . It lasted about 1 year before the glass fell out and broke . It still had the 10X mirror so she used it for another year or so until it died.So , I searched for a replacement , but this model won again , and I purchased another . It died after just a few weeks . I replaced it again , and that one died after a few months of use -LRB- after the warranty expired -RRB- . I wish they would fix their quality control issues . I am willing to pay more for something that works for longer than the warranty period . A great idea poorly executed.Let me know if/when you get the quality up to a reasonable standard .
 I find this mirror much too small and unless you are putting it on a shelf too low . The lighted mirror is the lower one and it only raises an inch or two up making it necessary to bend down to look into . If you have a shelf for it , that would work . I kept it anyway to use when traveling as it is portable and will run off of batteries . I just hold it so I can see !
 I read all the customer reviews for `` lighted mirrors '' on Amazon , and this one was given 5 stars by 2 people - so I bought it . The mirror 's 8x magnification is really great - you 'll see everything up close and in detail that other mirrors wo n't show you . The lighting is bright and pleasing . However , the quality of adjusting the height is pretty lame . It slides up and down easily even when it 's tightened to full capacity . Also , the clock/alarm in mine is messed up . The alarm goes off even at the slightest touch of the mirror , and the buttons are very stiff and it 's impossible to program the day or the time -LRB- and yes the alarm is still going off all the while -RRB- . I do n't want to buy another cell battery to see if that is what the problem is . I 've spent several hours already trying to make it work . I am sending it back for a refund .
 I just want to say that if you want a lighted makeup mirror , do n't waste your money on this one because it has `` bells and whistles '' . It apparently has an LED clock and alsrm clock , but I could never get it to work . The light does not work , but the alarm goes off every morning at 4am and I am not able to reset it . The magnification is very good -LRB- too good -RRB- but you could spend a fraction of the money for a drugstore cheap version .
 I bought this mirror based on the reviews here . The first issue I had with it is the height of it . It is so low that even if you bring your face low enough to actually see it in the mirror , you inadvertently get makeup on the mirrow -LRB- powders/shadows -RRB- since it is below your face versus straight forward , so shadows and powders fall on it and are then magnified . Second problem was the light was so dim that I thought it was a problem with the batteries -LRB- brand new batteries -RRB- so I tried external power , same problem . Another reviewer said she uses a tissue box to raise it . I had to do that but then I thought , why should I ? For $ 50 , why do I have to improvise ? Just not worth it . Also , in order for the upper mirror to be lit , you have to rotate it to fit on top of the base mirror for the light to shine through the outer circle which makes the lighting fainter than the base lighting . As a side note , I also had a problem with the built in clock/alarm , it just would go haywire with the digits flashing and not maintaining the correct time . A defect for sure , but I was willing to overlook that if the mirror was a good mirror but it is not -LRB- at least for me -RRB- . I sincerely think my cheapo $ 15 old Conair makeup mirror is better than this one .
 I loved this mirror the first time my husband bought it as a gift for me , so much that I bought another one when the first one went out within the first year . Well guess what , the second one did too and the company WILL NOT warranty it for more than 90 days . This is a great mirror while it lasts , but I promise you that I will not purchase a 3rd one .
 I purchased this mirror over others because of its functionality . However , a year later the bulb died in the mirror . The outside of the packaging indicates `` Lifetime Bulb '' . However , when I contacted Zadro regarding the bad bulb , they told me that the bulb is not replaceable , and they will not warranty it after 60 days . All I can say is
 I thought I had a winner with this makeup mirror , but was quickly proven wrong . To begin with , it would n't work at all with batteries . I tried plugging it in , and then I did get a good light . I was disappointed at that point because I wanted to take it on a cruise and use the battery . But because of poor performance with the battery , I had to take the heavy plug on the cruise . The second time I went to use it - nothing ! Nothing we did could get it to work . And it was too late to return it . I was so mad , I did n't even want to carry it home . Guess I can use it without any light at all , but that sure defeated the purpose of buying this lighted mirror . Buyer beware .
 I received this product as a birthday gift . The lighting was very poor.Further , when obtaining information about a return to this vendor , I received an email that said , if the mirror was in pristine condition and in original packing they would consider refunding the money less a re-stocking fee . Nowhere in the product information is a re-stocking fee mentioned . They did do a refund but charged a re-stocking fee of $ 10.00 . Additionally , I had to pay $ 12 in postage to return it .
 I received the Zadro mirror about a week ago . While I liked the quality of the light , I was disappointed in several ways . First , the height only adjusts a little bit -- maybe 2-3 . '' So even the top mirror was n't really high enough for me to use it easily for makeup application . Second , the hinged style of the mirror was annoying , because it would n't really stay in place . Third , only the bottom of the two mirrors -LRB- the magnified one -RRB- was lit . The top one was n't lit at all , and that was the one I really wanted to use . Overall , I was very disappointed . I am returning the item today .
 looking forward to the mirror arriving . It worked great for one day and then ... nothing . The light would not work , what a disappointment . The only good thing I can say is that the mirror itself was of good quality .
 this item would be perfect if not for poor quality . The lighging is very dim and the mirror does not stay in place when the height is adjusted .
 I used the unit once . It did not work the second time , but I could not return it because it was past 30 days .
 I purchased my spa less than a year ago and it no longer heats up . What a disappointment . I thought spending the extra money would give me a product that would serve me longer than a year . I do n't recommend investing in this item .
 I returned this item - it did not heat the wax . I used it twice and then it would not heat and melt the wax . I was disappointed .
 I ordered this item online . Upon receiving the package at my home , without openingthe box , I decided I did n't want the paraffin bath . So I contacted this company toobtain a RMA number . I was given a number by a staff member . I immediately took the package to my local UPS Store and returned it to the seller . Weeks have gone by and I still have n't received a refund !!! Have n't even received any communication from company .
 I ca n't believe I actually bought this product . This product is super expensive and there are million other products that I could have purchased . I purchased it thinking it would help me with my dry skin and smell nice in the summer . I took a shower and put this on my elbows and knees for over a week , every morning when I woke up my both my knees and elbows were still dry and I needed more moisturizer . On top of that , when I spray the glow , I wound up choking from the spray . Not a good purchase at all ! Never again .
 This item was not what I expected -- it is very flowery and strong . I read the reviews that said it was light and clean but I found it too be too strong for my taste . I am returning this perfume .
 My rheumatologist recommended that I try a wax bath product for the osteoarthritis in my thumbs . The cartiledge in the left thumb is all but gone , with the right thumb being in better shape . The wax bath did not eliminate or ease the pain in either thumb , but did greatly improved the skin on both hands . I continue to use it just for the dry skin on my hands , and am pleased with the results . It 's possible that this product would have worked better for me if I 'd used it earlier , before my thumbs got so bad . I plan to use the wax bath for the pain from inflammation in my feet , due to rheumatoid arthritis . I did have to turn down the heat due to a lifelong and extreme sensitivity to heat in my hands , and this is probably why the wax doe n't stay warm for longer than 10 - 12 minutes , even when wrapped in the plastic bags and then in a towel . The initial loading of wax has lasted a long time , so I do n't recommend purchasing more than 2 or 3 pounds of wax at a time .
 I am more demanding of a shave cream than most in that I shave my head as well as face . This was the worst shave cream I 've ever used . It seems to offer about as much protection as plain water . I never had this many nicks and cuts with any other product . On the plus side , the ingredients are natural , nontoxic and it has a pleasant aroma . I actually threw this stuff in the trash . I 'm currently using Aubrey Organics shave cream and it works much better for me .
 This scent is great going on , but after an hour where did the fragrance go . I am very dissappointed in this purchase and to think you can not return it either . Never again
 Thsi was too expensive and did n't do much I would say Patricia Wexler is better for the money .
 I WROTE A SCATHING REVIEW BECAUSE I DID NOT RECIEVE MY PRODUCT & RECIEVED NO COMMUNICATION . THIS MORNING I RECIEVED A CALL FROM `` MICHELL '' FROM THE COMPANY THAT SELLS THE PRODUCT . SHE SAID THAT THEY HAD SENT ME 3 E-MAILS . I DID NOT RECIEVE THE E-MAILS & TRIED TO TELL HER SO , BUT SHE JUST KEPT INSISTING THAT THEY HAD E-MAILED ME . TO THE POINT THAT I FELT THAT SHE WAS CALLING ME A LIAR.SHE THEN SAID THAT IF I WOULD WRITE A MORE FAVORABLE REVIEW THEY WOULD REFUND MY MONEY . THAT SOUNDS LIKE BLACK MAIL TO ME.I WILL GIVE THEM THE BENFIT OF THE DOUBT , THAT THEY MAY HAVE INDEED ATTEMPTED TO E-MAIL ME . I DID NOT GET THEM !!!!!!!!! I BELIEVE THEY SHOULD REFUND MY MONEY WEATHER I WRITE THEM A GOOD REVIEW OR NOT .
 Simply as title , no lavender scent for this product . Why is the seller mentioned that in the description ?
 The fragrance of this product is not even remotely anything like lavender . It was difficult to use , as it arrived caked solid , not in pellets as pictured .
 After two weeks of placing the order , during the days of expected arrival , HealioHealth informed me that they have cancelled my order without any further details . It is more then inconvenience . They should have informed me within days of placing the order .
 I 'm a little too old for glitzy , sparkly lotions . I was expecting more of a shimmer than sparkles . Shimmer makes my skin look alive and sparkles make me look silly ! I 'm passing it on to my Granddaughter .
 I will be honest and say that the product might be more for a young girl that it would be for a woman . It 's not a shimmer but a very glittered lotion .
 I still have my original Indian Earth from 1979 . The jar is twice as large . The powder inside is more granular and has what looks like hematite ground up . I was very disappointed , I bought two and thought they would last forever . It is definitely NOT THE SAME !!!!
 The first time I used this on my daughter , it crumbled when I rubbed it in to her skin . I thought it might have been her dead skin rubbing off , so I ignored it . Later , when she got wet , the lotion started running down her face and body in white streaks . This concerned me because I did n't want it getting into her eyes and such . Anyhow , I used it a second and third time and found the same results of crumbling and running when wet on both my daughter and her cousins.I would not purchase this product again .
 Besides being very difficult to use , I ca n't seem to get the suction cups to work .
 well i was all hyped up about this and it does n't work . i 've been wearing it around for about 2months now . im actually a good looking person and i have good confidence but im disappointed by how little effect this product had on the people im around more often . i did notice that girls were def . a little more friendlier then usual lol a lot of flirting , but nothing with anyone else . im halfway through , im gon na finish it and maybe i 'll rewrite this review . but for now dont waste your money !
 i was disappointed in this lotion . i 'd hoped for a lovely emollient lotion and subtle sparkle , but it 's cheap lotion with a ton of disco glitter in it .
 I was so excited about purchasing this product because of a free sample I received at Bloomingdales . I loved it so much that I wanted to see if I can get it on line . I bought this product and received it promptly but the perfume itself was not the same as the original sample I got from Blommingdales ! I was very dissapointed ! It sorta smelled the same but not really -- it had a slightly different smell and it 's not a pleasant one ?? I now wonder if it 's the original perfume ? So my thought is I did n't get the real thing ??? Is this a knock-off perfume ? Because it definitely smelled like one ! It smelled cheap and this is NOT a cheap perfume ! Very unhappy about it !
 I purchased this perfume after trying it on my wrist at a dept. store . I think I had tried too many and confused my nose ! Blush has a very strong musky scent -LRB- almost rivaling body odor . -RRB- There are some nice floral notes , but the musk overpowers them . I have ended up layering this scent with other perfumes to hide the musk notes .
 I bought this product and it seems to have no scent . This is the second time this has happened and the product is nonrefundable . Do n't waste your money . Buy at a department store a scent which you can be sure of getting or returning . The shelf life of parfume is 3 years and this was stopped in production 7 years ago .
 I usually love TIGI products but this product smells funny . I thought it was my sensitive nose at first , but after several uses realized it was the conditioner . It smells kind of like mildew - like a bitter and tart smell that makes your mouth water from the sharpness of it . Maybe I got a bad bottle ?? I stopped using it and bought a different TIGI product - which smelled and worked better . My recommendation - Do n't Buy
 I never complain about products and I would have written to Bed Head themselves except they 're in Europe so I 'm not paying extra postage when they 'll be more likely to read this anyway.I got this on recommendation for my curly hair . The product I would say is ok for the price but it is not worth the hassle . Because i would use the product if it were n't for these issues i give it a 2 . Issue 1
 This product really dried out my hair . I had much better results with the Bed Head `` Dumb Blonde '' hair conditioner .
 As another reviewer stated , this is not the same stuff you receive directly from Maui Babe . I originally ordered a bottle from their website and fell in love with the stuff . I was headed to the beach in 3 days so needed something capable of being overnighted . MauiBabe ships via USPS so this was n't fast enough for me . I turned to Amazon and was shocked by the price difference -LRB- $ 22 for 1 8oz bottle on Maui Babes site , $ 18 for 2 8oz bottles here -RRB- . I ordered the stuff off here and immediately noticed the difference . The labeling is the same , but the product in the bottle is definitely not . The stuff mailed to me from Amazon was way darker and smelled disgusting -LRB- the original stuff smells sweet -RRB- . This stuff had a chemical smell to it . I emailed Amazon questioning why the discrepancy and they just issued me a refund . I did n't ask for one I was just wondering.There is no way this is the same stuff you get directly from the company . This stuff stains your skin -LRB- looks like a self tanner -RRB- while the other stuff does n't . The REAL product is amazing , but whatever they are selling here is not . Do NOT order it from SellThrifty , or any company not Maui Babe Inc. . The product is not authentic.I do credit Amazon for refunding me , however they should n't sell impostor products on here .
 Long Time Browning Lotion user , My bad for reading ALL the reviews . The 5 bottle I ordered in the 4oz size was a repackaged product . Not the same High Quality of Maui Babe 's product . Does NOT come in a SEALED bottle so repackaging is happening here . Probably old and mixed up again . . I would not recommend any product that is re-packaged like this . . BeWare ...
 Recently on a vacation , I purchased a bottle of Maui babe browning lotion . While I was very impressed and very pleased with this bottle , I opted to order more from -LSB- ... -RSB- . The lotion is not the same as the original bottle I bought . Although the bottle looked the same , the contents are not . I would suggest ordering directly from -LSB- ... -RSB- , its a little more expensive , but if you want the same thing , its best to order the original .
 I bought this on the Big Island at the beginning of my trip after reading the great positive reviews here . I wanted to make sure it was worth the $ 15 ! Maybe I got a bad batch , but I 've been in the sun for several days at this point and all it seems to do is make me oily and smell like coffee . I have fair Norwegian skin that does n't typically tan very well . This did n't help at all as far as I 'm concerned - still blotchy and red , just like I always am after being in the sun . I used sunscreen underneath this as well , as recommended . Others claiming a similar complexion claimed it works great ! Disappointing after all of the `` testimonials '' I read here .
 Im a guy that is a few shades darker than a normal fair skinned white boy and so i expected this stuff to work really well . After paying through the nose for 2 bottles and 1 day delivery of 60 bucks , i tried this over 4 days . After 4 days , i noticed no difference than if i were walking in the sun without sunscreen . A hint of brown.Id ask for my money back but hack companies like this probably wouldnt honor it.Do not buy . Its oily and nasty and you will sweat uncontrollably .
 REAL Maui Babe skin oil is wonderful and smells like brown sugar and coffee . I ordered this on Amazon and it smells like soy sauce and does not feel or protect like Maui Babe . This stuff is not sold by Maui Babe and I new I was taking a gamble ordering online . I am convinced this is fake , you never know when you buy though Amazon . I have seen this online and in-store at Ulta so I guess I will buy it there from now on .
 Yes , it does seem like a fake -LRB- remake -RRB- of Maui babe . I have used this product for a few years now -LRB- since I have lived in Hawaii -RRB- and this is NO where near what I had been using ! It 's more like a lotion than an oil ... it streeks white when you get in the water & runs right off . I will not buy from here again ... very disappointed : /
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE REAL MAUI BABE BROWNING LOTION.I WISH I WOULD OF SPENT THE EXTRA FOUR DOLLARS A BOTTLE AND RECEVIED THE ORIGINAL.THE CONSISTENCY , SMELL , FEEL OF THIS PRODUCT IS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE ORIGINAL.IVE BEEN USING THE ORIGINAL FOR SEVERAL YEARS AND I LOVE IT . I RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT AND WILL NEVER USE IT BECAUSE IT STINKS DOES NOT STAY ON SKIN AND HAS VERY LITTLE OIL IN IT .
 Last year I bought Maui Babe directly from the manufacturer and I loved it . I decided to try -LSB- ... -RSB- because the price was much cheaper.Well . I can tell you , it is not the same product . First , the bottles were not sealed . Second , it does not smell like the real thing.Third , it immediately washes off when you go in the water . The real Maui Babe stays on your skin even after bathing , unless you take a shower with soap . This is a fake product ! Next time , I would rather pay more but get the real thing from -LSB- ... -RSB-
 As another reviewer stated , this is not the same stuff you receive directly from Maui Babe . I originally ordered a bottle from their website and fell in love with the stuff . I was headed to the beach in 3 days so needed something capable of being overnighted . MauiBabe ships via USPS so this was n't fast enough for me . I turned to Amazon and was shocked by the price difference -LRB- $ 22 for 1 8oz bottle on Maui Babes site , $ 18 for 2 8oz bottles here -RRB- . I ordered the stuff off here and immediately noticed the difference . The labeling is the same , but the product in the bottle is definitely not . The stuff mailed to me from Amazon was way darker and smelled disgusting -LRB- the original stuff smells sweet -RRB- . This stuff had a chemical smell to it . I emailed Amazon questioning why the discrepancy and they just issued me a refund . I did n't ask for one I was just wondering.There is no way this is the same stuff you get directly from the company . This stuff stains your skin -LRB- looks like a self tanner -RRB- while the other stuff does n't . The REAL product is amazing , but whatever they are selling here is not . Do NOT order it from SellThrifty , or any company not Maui Babe Inc. . The product is not authentic.I do credit Amazon for refunding me , however they should n't sell impostor products on here .
 Long Time Browning Lotion user , My bad for reading ALL the reviews . The 5 bottle I ordered in the 4oz size was a repackaged product . Not the same High Quality of Maui Babe 's product . Does NOT come in a SEALED bottle so repackaging is happening here . Probably old and mixed up again . . I would not recommend any product that is re-packaged like this . . BeWare ...
 Recently on a vacation , I purchased a bottle of Maui babe browning lotion . While I was very impressed and very pleased with this bottle , I opted to order more from -LSB- ... -RSB- . The lotion is not the same as the original bottle I bought . Although the bottle looked the same , the contents are not . I would suggest ordering directly from -LSB- ... -RSB- , its a little more expensive , but if you want the same thing , its best to order the original .
 I bought this on the Big Island at the beginning of my trip after reading the great positive reviews here . I wanted to make sure it was worth the $ 15 ! Maybe I got a bad batch , but I 've been in the sun for several days at this point and all it seems to do is make me oily and smell like coffee . I have fair Norwegian skin that does n't typically tan very well . This did n't help at all as far as I 'm concerned - still blotchy and red , just like I always am after being in the sun . I used sunscreen underneath this as well , as recommended . Others claiming a similar complexion claimed it works great ! Disappointing after all of the `` testimonials '' I read here .
 Im a guy that is a few shades darker than a normal fair skinned white boy and so i expected this stuff to work really well . After paying through the nose for 2 bottles and 1 day delivery of 60 bucks , i tried this over 4 days . After 4 days , i noticed no difference than if i were walking in the sun without sunscreen . A hint of brown.Id ask for my money back but hack companies like this probably wouldnt honor it.Do not buy . Its oily and nasty and you will sweat uncontrollably .
 REAL Maui Babe skin oil is wonderful and smells like brown sugar and coffee . I ordered this on Amazon and it smells like soy sauce and does not feel or protect like Maui Babe . This stuff is not sold by Maui Babe and I new I was taking a gamble ordering online . I am convinced this is fake , you never know when you buy though Amazon . I have seen this online and in-store at Ulta so I guess I will buy it there from now on .
 Yes , it does seem like a fake -LRB- remake -RRB- of Maui babe . I have used this product for a few years now -LRB- since I have lived in Hawaii -RRB- and this is NO where near what I had been using ! It 's more like a lotion than an oil ... it streeks white when you get in the water & runs right off . I will not buy from here again ... very disappointed : /
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE REAL MAUI BABE BROWNING LOTION.I WISH I WOULD OF SPENT THE EXTRA FOUR DOLLARS A BOTTLE AND RECEVIED THE ORIGINAL.THE CONSISTENCY , SMELL , FEEL OF THIS PRODUCT IS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE ORIGINAL.IVE BEEN USING THE ORIGINAL FOR SEVERAL YEARS AND I LOVE IT . I RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT AND WILL NEVER USE IT BECAUSE IT STINKS DOES NOT STAY ON SKIN AND HAS VERY LITTLE OIL IN IT .
 Last year I bought Maui Babe directly from the manufacturer and I loved it . I decided to try -LSB- ... -RSB- because the price was much cheaper.Well . I can tell you , it is not the same product . First , the bottles were not sealed . Second , it does not smell like the real thing.Third , it immediately washes off when you go in the water . The real Maui Babe stays on your skin even after bathing , unless you take a shower with soap . This is a fake product ! Next time , I would rather pay more but get the real thing from -LSB- ... -RSB-
 You know , I put this in the shower when it arrived , without really inspecting it first . When I went to use it the next day , I noticed that it was n't really `` full , '' and the bottle was scuffed up a bit . The pump had already been unlocked , too . So I 'm pretty sure it was a used bottle of conditioner . I 'd avoid this seller .
 I never write reviews , but this product is so HORRIBLE !!! I bought a big bottle because it was on sale at my salon - such a WASTE OF MONEY !! I 've tried using it more than once and every time it leaves my HAIR STICKY , WAXY , MATTED ! Takes twice as long to straighten hair because you can barely run a straightener through it . DO NOT BUY .
 I have used toe stretchers for about 6 months now , and have been very pleased with the ones I have , but I 've been trying others to see if there are ones that are even better . I tried these to see if they would be even more comfortable without the outside edges . I was disappointed , as they fell off easily and were very uncomfortable . All the inside edges are squared , so they were painful after a few minutes . I do n't understand why the maker did n't round the edges . Anyway , the best I 've tried are the dark pink ones by Genki-Kun . They have really improved my foot problems and are very comfortable .
 The flexors are not shaped to your foot and I found it difficult to keep them from popping off my toes . They were also blocky and painful . Could not walk in them at all .
 I was very disappointed in these toe separators . They are flimsy , uncomfortable and basically it 's better to spread toes without anything than with them .
 I have used toe stretchers for about 6 months now , and have been very pleased with the ones I have , but I 've been trying others to see if there are ones that are even better . I tried these to see if they would be even more comfortable without the outside edges . I was disappointed , as they fell off easily and were very uncomfortable . All the inside edges are squared , so they were painful after a few minutes . I do n't understand why the maker did n't round the edges . Anyway , the best I 've tried are the dark pink ones by Genki-Kun . They have really improved my foot problems and are very comfortable .
 The flexors are not shaped to your foot and I found it difficult to keep them from popping off my toes . They were also blocky and painful . Could not walk in them at all .
 I was very disappointed in these toe separators . They are flimsy , uncomfortable and basically it 's better to spread toes without anything than with them .
 For those of us with limited mobility , combing the back of our heads can be a problem . A long handled brush is what we need , and this one -LRB- under various brands -RRB- seems to be the only game in town . I guess that 's why they can charge twelve bucks or more for this cheap piece of junk.At first it seems like a winner . The handle is long enough , nicely balanced , properly curved , and comfortable to hold . As a man with short and fairly thin hair -LRB- and getting thinner -RRB- it seems like a good fit.The brush handle has a non-slip grip . The head has plastic bristles with little blobs of plastic on the end of each . -LRB- It kind of looks like the one my friend uses to brush his dog . -RRB- After a very short time these blobs start to come off . When the brush gets filled up with hair , you ca n't clean it using a comb because of these blobs . Combing out the brush will pull off the ones that have n't come off on their own.In use the plastic bristles are nowhere near stiff enough to comb through tangles of even my fairly thin hair . I ca n't imagine what they would be like on long or thick hair.Overall , a good idea but poor execution .
 I 've been using this for about five months . I know it 's doing something because my skin burns some and peels some , but I really have n't seen any positive results . I 've researched retinol/Vitamin A and know it is supposed to help . This brand was the most affordable . I am 45 with wrinkles around my eyes and much sagging . I see no improvement . Frustrated . Will still keep trying and do what the other reviewer recommended
 There was nothing objectionable about this product but I certainly did n't see any changes in my skin 's quality either . Expensive product for such poor results .
 This product is not for acne ! While this product does contain vitamins A -LRB- retinol -RRB- , E -LRB- tocopherol -RRB- , & C -LRB- ascorbyl palmitate -RRB- in a form that can be used by the skin -LRB- many other skin products do not -RRB- it also contains many hazardous ingredients , especially for acne suffers like fats , fatty acids , cholesterol , wax , and silicone oils ; these ingredients will moisturize but also clog pores , make skin shiny , and may give people milia . In addition to this it contains trithanolamine a pH balancing ingredient that has been linked to cancer among many other health problems.Retinol , a form of vitamin A is less stable , and less potent than prescription Vitamin A products , and could be less irritating to some but still has the potential to cause serious skin irritation . However even if Afirm had no Vitamin A , the other ingredients here including the additives that are meant to stabilize the retinol and prevent it from breaking down before it gets on your skin , are enough to cause serious reactions . I am shocked that DermaDoctor both recommends and sells this product without any warning . Any prescription vitamin A product would be much safer ; there is much work to be done to make this product better !
 The item received absolutely DOES NOT look like the item ordered ; furthermore , when I contacted the seller they were bold enough to :1 . Say that I was confused2 . They said that they do not offer photos for every product they carry !!??? Please read their response below : section from one letter -- `` Unfortunately we do not offer photos for every product we carry and that is why the typed product description is right next to the photo and again in the shopping cart to allow the consumer the opportunit to review their order before they finalize it . '' ???? They did say that they will refund me .
 I was e-mailed a few days after placing the order and informed that it is out of stock . The site still lists it as in stock ... do n't believe them .
 I had been using Minoxidil 5 % for a few months and realized that I was just getting too much dandruff . I read in one of the reviews that this product does n't have the extreme side effects of Minoxidil 5 % . So , I decided to start using Minoxidil 2 % instead in hopes that I could continue to grow back some hair without having dandruff all over my shirt at the end of the day . Little did I know that there is a HUGE difference between unscented and regular versions of this product . The package arrived sooner than I had anticipated and exactly as I 'd ordered . So , I would n't want to make it seem like the seller was irresponsible.However , a few minutes after I applied the solution I noticed a sour smell . After a couple of hours the odor became unbearable and made me sick . It smelled like the most pungent rotten egg smell I could possibly imagine and it stayed that bad for over two full days even though I only used about 3/4 of a mL -LRB- which , in theory , is less than half a day 's supply -RRB- . I 'm not being hyperbolic when I say that using this product has been a fairly traumatic experience . Not only did the smell make me sick it made others around me sick . I have had to avoid public contact for the last three days . I began scrubbing my scalp with a baking powder and water paste -LRB- with only small positive results -RRB- every few hours for about a 24 hour period . However , that seems to be drying my scalp out and making me lose some of the hair I 'd recently begun to grow back.I would not recommend this product to anyone . I may have just had a bad reaction to it based on the condition of my scalp , but the smell was completely rancid . I 've since purchased an unscented version from the drug store and hope that I can put this experience behind me .
 The product , Minoxidil , seems to work , but the odor which permeates your being is unbearable . The odor icannot be masked and lingers after many hair washings . had to stop using it .
 It is not the same scent I used to wear . It is just a little off .
 This product is not for acne ! While this product does contain vitamins A -LRB- retinol -RRB- , E -LRB- tocopherol -RRB- , & C -LRB- ascorbyl palmitate -RRB- in a form that can be used by the skin -LRB- many other skin products do not -RRB- it also contains many hazardous ingredients , especially for acne suffers like fats , fatty acids , cholesterol , wax , and silicone oils ; these ingredients will moisturize but also clog pores , make skin shiny , and may give people milia . In addition to this it contains trithanolamine a pH balancing ingredient that has been linked to cancer among many other health problems.Retinol , a form of vitamin A is less stable , and less potent than prescription Vitamin A products , and could be less irritating to some but still has the potential to cause serious skin irritation . However even if Afirm had no Vitamin A , the other ingredients here including the additives that are meant to stabilize the retinol and prevent it from breaking down before it gets on your skin , are enough to cause serious reactions . I am shocked that DermaDoctor both recommends and sells this product without any warning . Any prescription vitamin A product would be much safer ; there is much work to be done to make this product better !
 I waited three months to give this product a fair shot . My skin did not peel to reveal new skin , my pores did not diminish , in fact it diminished the glow to my skin and dried it in spots . I will be returning to Olay products and probably get a professional peel .
 I have used this a while now very sparingly . All it does is tighten the face and peel the skin off.It looks awful while it peels for days and I still see the wrinkles and fine lines . It does nothing to help you look younger ... Sorry another scam , besides who wants a peeling face for a week or so ... thumbs down .
 I tried this product for several weeks and it did not work . I will stick to my Mary Kay .
 I 'd read a lot about vitamin C been really good for your facial skin and bought these two products in hopes that it would make a difference . I did n't see a difference . I waited to use both bottles up before I wrote this review . They cost a lot of money . I do n't recommend them .
 I decided to get this product after read the comments above . However , I do n't think it 's as good as what they said or what I expected . When I tried to close its two sides to flat my hair , they 're not completely close so that the result is not as good as the regular iron . The material is a little bit poor and it 's not very hot like what they described . So it 's not a good choice to curl my hair because it take too much time . I 'm a little bit disapointed
 I have used many tens of thousands of this type of cotton tipped applicator.In the past I have ordered them from medical supply companies and even thoughthe actual brand I received would vary , I never had any problems with them.The company I used to buy from was purchased by another company and now it ` sno simple matter to order them like I used to . -LRB- Massive Paperwork ! -RRB- Theseseemed fine at first . The problem is , the consistency of the SIZE of the cotton tip ishorrible . One is perfect , the next is HUGE ! The wooden stick breaks much easierthan any of the other brands I have used . The box is not anything like the one shown.I use them to clean and lubricate electronic and electromechanical items and have neverbefore had a problem with cotton tip applicators not fitting into tight spotsof electrical connectors and other items . The last applicators I used weremade by a company called SOLON number 362 . I used at LEAST 50 thousand ofthem and never had a size varience that forced me to toss it and try another.I saw a seller offering them through Amazon but the price was outrageous . Iused to get the SOLON applicators for five or six dollars per box of 1000when I bought ten boxes -LRB- one case -RRB- or more . Anyway , I will be filling outthe paperwork to be able to buy them from the medical supply companyagain .
 I bought this to take to Norway on business trip . Worked fine first time then nothing ! This was my third trip and I do have all the right voltage converters and adaptors.I had it plugged into converter and adapter , selected 220 and used on Low but when I turned it on the second time , all it did was make a small engine sound then nothing , it has n't worked since . I ended up just buying a hair dryer while I was there .25 bucks down the drain !
 I bought this for travel overseas . Thank goodness I tested it as soon as I received it , I had considered just packing it . It did n't work , and was totally unusable . The toggle switch for changing bet 125v and 125 must have been installed wrong . On the 125v setting , which is for use in the US , I can not switch to High setting . It will only go into Low . At 125v it is supposed to operate on both Low and High . Only at 250v is it supposed to be kept on Low setting . I thought maybe they had just reversed toggle by mistake so the 250 was actually the 125v . I tried it on 250 and could easily put on high , but I quickly shut it off because it immediately got super hot . Very disappointing . I called customer service at Conair and rep agreed that the switch is either defective or installed incorrectly , since at 125v it should switch bet Low and High setting . Love Amazon return policy , but think I 'll get a refund because I do n't trust that the next one wo n't have the same problem . Too bad since it is compact and light .
 I JUST OPENED THE BOX AND USED THE DRYER FOR THE FIRST TIME AND AFTER THE DRYER WAS RUNNING FOR ABOUT 4 MINUTES , THE UNIT DIED ON ME . SO , I WOULD NOT PURCHASE THE ITEM IF I WERE YOU . CHEAP PRODUCT EQUALS POOR QUALITH
 Arrived promptly but high-speed has never worked since day one . Not worth the money and hassle to return it . BE CAREFUL !
 This piece of trash turned on , began getting hot , and blew air for ONE second before burning out and ceasing operation . It never worked again . Total waste of money .
 I like other Cellex C products and always thought a slight stinging just meant it was strong and effective . But the strenghth of this was alarming ! It warns it is not for sensitive skin but they eye area in general is delicate . After two uses I was left with hard burned patches under my eyes which went away within a week . I do not have very sensitive skin . If you want industrial strenth eye cream this may be for you but for everyone else I 'd say avoid it .
 I loved the idea of the extra attachments , but the fact that they all work very poorly was disappointing . I wish I never wasted the money on this . Not only is metal bad for your hair , I feel like in order to have results I had to FRY my hair . No Thanks !
 I bough this product and was very excited about my purchase as it had a lot of extras . Unfortunately , none of them worked for me . The results do not last longer either . I do not recommend , even if you buy it cheap .
 This is ok just to touch up the top of my hairstyle but it 's really quite painful wearing those big clips that hold the rollers on ... wish I had done more research before buying
 I 'm not sure I noticed anything different with my curls but the smell of the product is hard to take . Would not order again . Am now going to try Tresseme Flawless curls based on price and Amazon reviews .
 i bought one ion shine hair dryer it got to me damaged target direct is great in customer service they got me a new within the week once i got it i tried it first of all it looked cheap second it has no power as far a dryer is suppose to have third the part did not stay on the dryer so this was a bad bad time DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT NOT WORTH THE MONEY
 I really expected a medium brown color . Unfortunately , the color was dark brown . It was much too dark to be medium brown and much too dark for my roots . I was very disappointed in the product . Additionally , it dripped all over the place .
 the product arrived as promised . However , it seems to be old , as the toilette seems to be sharp and not as should be
 Being a first time user , I found it very practical and it worked ok -LRB- but totally ruined my Tshirt with brown spots ! -RRB- . It works fine but kind of gives me some itching in the area , which goes away after one or two days.I 'd like the dye to stay a bit longer.Update
 That 's great . In the picture it looks like your getting six jars of goop , but all it is is one jar of goop for $ 40 . I thought I bought a nice mother 's day gift . An assortment of beauty products would have been nice . Instead , one jar of worthless goop . Beware of false advertising .
 This brand is discontinued a few years ago . The smell is sort of alcoholic and not very nice that I used to use about 5 years ago . I can not return it as Amazon wo n't accept return for perfumes . Since it is discontinued product , the scent does not last long .
 I must preface this by saying I am not a big fan of strong and heavy scents unless it is a hot date night and the weather is cold . With that said I found this scent way too strong and heady . I thought it was said to have spicy overtones , but I personally just found it stinky ! I love most CK scents particularly the unisex lines and the mens scents , but this one ... not so much .
 GOOD PRODUCT BUT BAD SHIPPING PRACTICE.This is a great parfum for women , I gave it to my wife as a gift 2 Years ago and she just loves it and keeps asking for more . I ordered it from amazon for the first time , and this is going to be the last time I will order it from amazon though , as it was shipped in a box about six -LRB- 6 -RRB- times the original parfume box size , which is 2 '' X 2 '' X 5 '' . Because of this , it costed me lots of money for the freight as the final destination was not in the USA . The box came with enough paper stuffed in it to fill a one and a half gallon bucket.Sorry , but I think that amount of packaging was not called for .
 do yourself a favor and do n't buy this product from amazon or tuccini.ordered the product through amazon where it shows the shipping is $ 2.50 -LRB- before you put it in your cart -RRB- . went to check out and there was no option to ship via ground service . product delivered by the u.s. postal service ; express mail . was not home at the time of delivery and had to go to the post office to sign for the package because the idiots at tuccini shipped it where you had to sign for it . are you kidding me - for a lousy $ 24 worth of perfume . jiminee crickets . upon reviewing my bill , i found out that the shipping charges were over $ 28.00 ; of course this did not show up this way in my amazon cart before i ` pulled the trigger ' to buy - making the total of this product over $ 53 . emailed amazon asking for a credit back of $ 26.15 -LRB- $ 28.65 charged - $ 2.15 -LRB- cost amazon posted on their website for shipping -RRB- . Here is the response I got from Amazon -LRB- My favorite retailer in the free world -RRB- Thanks for writing to us at Amazon.com.I 'm sorry for any inconvenience caused.I checked your account and found that you ordered through `` Tuccini , '' a third part seller at Amazon Marketplace rather than from Amazon.com . When you place an order , if the seller is not Amazon.com then the seller 's name is noted on the final page of the order form before you submit your order.I see that the order was placed with Two-Day Shipping.Amazon Marketplace orders are charged a flat shipping fee . Part of your shipping fee is passed on to the seller to help cover the costs of postage , packaging , and labor . The credit will usually closely match what the seller pays to ship the item , but there may be times when the credit will be more or less than the actual postage cost.To make any changes to this order , or if you decide you 'd like to return the order when you receive it , you must contact the seller directly . Visit the order in Your Account by clicking the link below and then click on `` Problem with this order ? '' to contact the seller.My comments
 I wore this fragrance for years and loved it . It was discontinued and I never found another I loved as much , or had as many compliments . I was thrilled when I found Contridiction on Amazon . I got it today and ripped open the package . I sprayed just a tad on my wrist and YUCK ! It 's HORRIBLE ! This is not the same Contridiction . It must have gone bad , or is a cheap copy . I am almost sick from the smell and it WILL NOT wash off . I am disgusted and disappointed .
 I wanted to love this product , but it just did n't work for me . I ended up breaking out really bad and felt like I could never fully get the soap off my face . Left me feeling grimy . Oh , and did I mention it made me break out pretty bad ?
 Had high hopes , based on the reviews , but I guess it 's &#34; each to his own &#34; . Irritating to my skin , from the very first use and increasingly so over the course of two weeks . No longer use it .
 Based on very positive reviews I finally decided to try Philosophy Microdelivery Exfoliating Wash. . After using it just once I was unimpressed but I continued to use it daily and I 'm disappointed to say it works no better than much cheaper drugstore brands like Neutrogena or Olay . I 'll finish the bottle but wo n't be ordering it again . I 'm subtracting one star simply because of the price .
 The microdelivery exfoliating face wash worked well for about 1 week . Now it seems all of the nice little exfoliating beads that worked so well to smooth out my skin are gone ! I have tried to shake the bottle but all that is there is a nearly full bottle of smooth product that does just an OK job of cleansing . It no longer exfoliates or smoothes which is what is was suppost to do
 this product is even deceitful -LRB- i say this from my personal expereince -RRB- -- it only worked through a couple months , and after that the particles exfoliates your dull skin could not be found anymore ; it was gone . Only disgusting yellowish liquid was left inside . and the thing is that this product is kinda pricey.So nowadays I make exfoliator by myself at home -- with milk , honey , and black -LRB- or brown -RRB- sugar . it works better and much cheaper
 I use exfoliating face wash every day and I have never broke out before , I do n't know what it is that is causing it but it IS BAD ! I got zits all over my face , so I ca n't use it any longer , and I 'm out 20 bux . Bummer .
 I liked this product made my face feel clean but did not make my face feel soft . For the price I would not buy it again . The price was kinda high for face wash . Also I like a face wash that has alot of vitimans in it this product did not .
 Meh , me thinks not . I am in love with Philosophy brand , as they tend to treat my extremely dry and sensitive skin quite well . Whether it 's the purity made simple , when hope is not enough , or otherwise , I generally love this line . Well , I went to have a trial makeup session for my wedding done , and the lady suggested I start exfoliating even though I have sensitive skin . I went straight to Philosophy . Well , I 've used this stuff about 20x now . The results are always the same . It does n't feel like I 've done anything to my skin , other than it feels slightly smoother for the next five minutes . Then , it promptly goes back to being dry and sensitive . Furthermore , if I use this daily as it 's supposedly `` gentle enough for daily use , '' my skin is completely dried out and irritated . Oh , and it burns if you accidentally get it in your eyes , which I have n't had happen with other philosophy products before . Not that I 'm splashing it around in my eyes , it just lets me know there are some harsh/not sensitive skin friendly ingredients in here .
 This was such a rip off product . After a couple of months of use , the exfoliating beads disappeared and it was just liquid . Now it 's useless . The entire time I was using this , the pop up lid kept getting clogged and I had to unscrew the top to get the product out . Will not buy this again . Save your money and avoid frustration by finding another product .
 I decided to get the microdelivery exfoliating wash based on all the great reviews it 's got but I 'm truly disappointed with the product . It is supposed to be a face wash AND exfoliator and it fails in both categories . I use it with my Clarisonic brush and it does not leather up at all , for the whole minute it feels like I 'm running a dry brush over my face . I was using Lancome Cr&egrave;me radiance before , which is amazing -LRB- going back to it -RRB- . As far as its exfoliating properties - nothing to write home about either , the beads are tiny and you wo n't get a serious exfoliation like with using products specifically designed for this ; a twice a week scrab will give you way better results that the daily `` exfoliation '' you get from this product . Finally to top it all - I 'm not crazy about the smell , ca n't really describe it but it 's a mix of cheap detergent and medication . I will keep using it because I do n't have time to deal with returning it and it 's kind of pricey to throw away but will definitely not purchase again .
 After reading the rave reviews about this product not only on Amazon but also on Sephora , I was excited about buying this exfoliating wash . The product worked really well for a few months ... This is why I was so disappointed when the exfoliating beads disappeared only within a few months ! I have half the bottle left and all I have left is the cleanser . I am so disappointed that this happened after paying for the product . I do n't know if mine was a dud , but be wary that you might end up with disappearing beads within a few months !
 I am disappointed with this one . The dryer is not powerful at all and if anything it think it makes my hair flatter when I want to make volume . Not sure why but I ended up getting different one . I got rid of box so I cant even return !
 Just only use about one and half month , when I was using it and the Dryer stopped working suddenly . it 's some part of inside the dryer was broken I guess and I really want to return this item &#65281; I was very angry about the quality of this dryer !
 I had been shopping with Amazon for about 3.5 yrs and never had one instance of a bad experience . After a lot of research , I nailed to buy this item . I was excited to see that it would get delivered in 2 days . I was eagerly waiting for it . An unknown carrier called Ensenda was chosen to deliver this to me . They took their own sweet 3 days after much of follow ups from me to deliver the item . With much expectation , I opened the item just to find out it would not work . I was doubting my own mental caliber to operate such a simple instrument , tried out different options , nothing would work . I took the drier to 4 different power points in the house , no luck . To make sure that I m not doing a mistake , I asked my roomie to check if it would work , no luck . The first thing I did next day morning was to ship this back to Amazon and got a Conair Ion Shine Ceramic 1875 . Also , buyers please dont get carried away by its glossy looks , it looks stylish in the image , but looks cheap in reality . The control buttons are also bad . I m very happy with my conair , it looks pretty sophisticated with beautiful controls for just 13.28 dollars + tax . Thanks to Amazon that it forced me out of a pathetic choice . I love Amazon as always !!
 I had the same hair dryer a few years ago and it got hot . My new one did n't so I ended up throwing it away and getting a Revlon Turbo 1875 . That one is great for thick hair like mine !
 This hairdryer started a fire in my home 3 weeks ago . It was left plugged in but not left on . It did not overheat . I did notice that it hesitated to turn on for a half second before we used it for the last time . I set it down on a table and left for the day . When I returned a few hours later , it had melted into an unrecognizable puddle . Burned the table and the floor beneath it . The outlet was tripped but still intact , the fire dept said it was clearly a wiring issue within the hairdryer itself . Please make sure to unplug your hairdryers after use !!!!
 Had this item for a year now and it just broke on me , so I figured I needed to write a review to warn buyers . When the item first arrived , the back lid -LRB- air vent -RRB- did n't close all the way but it really did n't bother me much . I 've had many other 1875w dryers and this one was a bit louder than my previous ones . About a week ago , the hair dryer stopped producing warm/hot air and now it just blows cold air . Had to throw it out and purchase a different hair dryer . This might just be a one time scenario ... but I would n't purchase again .
 If you are buying this dryer because of the sensor feature , do n't bother . When the sensor is on , hair dryer is supposed to automatically shut off when you put it down . Problem is , even the slightest tilt of the dryer while you are drying your hair , will cause the dryer to cut off . With the sensor on , it will take hours to get your hair dry because it is constantly cutting off . It 's an OK hairdryer with the sensor deactivated , but I 've used better .
 The bottle that i received in the mail is not the one in the picture ! i was very disappointed ! i called the company and they admitted that it was not the same and said they did not even carry the one in the picture ! Will not order from this company again !
 Takes forever to apply and once you do your skin feels dry and has an unpleasant film . It is not moisturizing at all .
 Even my review came requesting that I `` review '' the item I purchased , Cellex-C Advanced-C . However the produce I actually received is the Cellex-C High Potency Serum , NOT Advanced-C . Unfortunately I did not notice until after the packaging had been thrown away so I am stuck with the wrong product .
 I use to love this perfume . This has an old smell to it . Service was great just does n't smell good
 They sent the wrong parfum . Got in touch with them to get information on where to return it . They said they would send me the right Parfum when they receive the return.I sent the return priority mail , insured with SIGNATURE CONFIRMATION . Post Office confirms that they signed for and received the return from me on August 3 , 2009 . I waited and waited and waited for the Parfum . I then EMailed them asking for the status of this order.I HAVE RECEIVED NOTHING AS FAR AS PRODUCT AND NOTHING AS FAR AS COMMUNICATION OR EXPLAINATION ABOUT MY $ 83.00 ORDER . This has gone on way to long . How can you help me ? I have tied being patient and it is not working . This company does not care . HELP.PS
 The seller would NOT communicate . The item sent was the spray and not the splash . Amazon finally refunded the product . I would not recommend this seller to anyone .
 I was so disappointed to put it nicely . I was looking for the Truth by Calvin Klein Lush ... and the regular one showed up . The picture in the add is the Truth Lush but that is not what I got , I have been looking for it for years and CK decided to not produce it again which is a major let down . Amazon needs to change the picture in the add .
 was not good for my acne prone skin . Used it for 3 weeks and it broke me out like crazy . pimples everywhere . stopped using it and skin began to clear . I was hoping it would lighten my acne spots but now i have more .
 it did not work for me as I expected I spend all that money for the product an it did noting
 This product does not actually have hydroquinone in it , despite what the description says . I have n't decided if I will keep it or return it yet so I ca n't say how well it works .
 Capucci , pour homme , one of my old favorites was a huge disappointment . The scent did not even resemble the original fragrance . I am not sure what is the reason for the difference may be , perhaps the brand name was sold to a discount perfumer .
 I have used Canus , but was very disappointed that it contained mostly sulfates and preservatives . Now , I use nothing but products made by Wendylou 's Natural Bath . Homemade vegetable based bath and body products which my whole family uses and loves .
 This product never came , thank you know that happened because if he was charged to my credit card . I asked other 3 products from different vendors and they came
 Hi , The product that I received is broken , the bottle was damaged in transit . . What can I do in this case ?? You 'll send me other?I hope you can help me because it 's a christmas gift ... Americo Carrillo
 I got in on time but I do n't like it smell . I ordered it to try it because I read that combination with mix of roses , musk and others .
 I agree with the most recent two reviewers
 This perfume SMELLS so bad it cann ' t even be used on a dog . For years it was my favorite perfume but now very difficult to find in a store ... This is not the same . My family was very disappointed ... DO NOT PURCHASE ... I GAVE ONE STAR BECAUSE THE REVIEW WOULD GO THROGH WITHOUT ONE ... BUT THIS SHOULD GET MINUS STARS .
 OK Amazon since you asked ... Made the mistake of ordering this from Amazon -LRB- Fulfilled by Fragra -RRB- . What arrived was NOT Bellodgia . How do I know this with certitude ? Simple . My Mom 's nose and ordering another bottle DIRECTLY from the SOURCE -LRB- the Caron Boutique inside Phyto Universe on Lexington Ave in NYC -RRB- . Bottom line , you DO get what you pay for -- the $ 38 dollar bottle of who knows what that arrive from Fragra had absolutely ZERO resemblance to AUTHENTIC Bellodgia obtained directly from Caron -LRB- $ 98 with 2 Day Shipping -RRB- . N.B. Caron 's formula has NOT changed since it was first introduced in 1927 and there are only THREE -LRB- 3 -RRB- places to ABSOLUTELY POSITIVELY get AUTHENTIC Bellodgia
 The mirror was only six and half inches across which is too small for me . The mirror itself seemed distorted . The only good thing was the finish .
 One day it donned on me that perhaps a new hairbrush would help make my hair look smoother and shinier . So reading and research was in order . Boars bristles are the multitasking standard for brushes but even still there are a wide range.This brush is designed for someone who does not want to spend a small fortune on a hairbrush but wants good results . -LRB- Mason Pearson brush is the gold standard of brushes -RRB- This round brush is designed to be used when blow drying to smooth and shine hair . For those who like straighter styles this brush is a great option . Thicker hair types need reinforced boar bristles . So this worked well for me . I call that this is OVAL though ... so those looking for smooth turning action may hit a slight snag with this.The issue I had is that the handle on one of the two brand new marilyn brushes I purchased the foam cover that goes over the wooden handle end of the brush came loose and ultimately came off the very first time I used it.It may have been a faulty item to begin with but I am tempted to try another brand -LRB- Denman and/or Monroe brushes -RRB- to compare the quality .
 i have long hair , thin but thick because i have a lot of it . i have purchased the flatter me paddle brush by marilyn forever -LRB- ever since i saw it in some upscale salons -RRB- but stopped once the new design came out with the ivory grip handle . because the plastic is not strong through the padded handle , it quicky broke in two and i was left with a brush without a handle . if this was the old style of the brush -LRB- all brown not padded -RRB- , i would give it 5 stars , however , this new style deserves zero stars ... . however i have to rate it 1 star for amazon reviews .
 I liked this brush upon first getting it , but after just a little over a year of use it 's now snapped at the top of the handle , and even superglue wo n't bring it back to life . Also , fairly early in its use the little tips on the bristles fell off , making them slightly less comfy against my scalp . Suffice to say , next time I 'll be spending my money on a brand I know .
 Love the smell and feel but very disappointed that this uses CANCER causing parabens . I made the mistake of thinking this was only organic and natural which it is not . I wll NEVER buy another product from the manufacturer .
 I must admit , of the hundreds of bottles of cologne for men that I have , this one is not one that I like very much . I think it is probably the powerful nature of this cologne which I was shocked at . It is probably the most pungent and strong cologne I have ever smelled . I bought this blind and had never smelled it before which was probably a mistake . I 'm sure that for some men , it works , just not for me . Unfortunately , I spent about $ 40 for the large bottle I bought , and I only used it a couple of times due to it being so very strong . I am going to continue to try it . The key may be to use very little , maybe a spray on your neck or pulse point or chest and then let it dry down well before getting dressed . I would simply recommend that you smell this product before buying it . I have heard good things about Caron colognes and eau de toilette 's and I am very interested in trying other scents for men that they offer .
 I have been collecting perfumes for 50 years . There have been many I did n't like but very few I hated . This is one of those few . It smells like &#34; Brasso &#34; , the polish used by the military to polish metal
 I have purchased Fleur De Rocaille 4 times through Amazon and the first 3 were as wonderful as my purchases in Paris -LRB- 3 times -RRB- . The 4th purchase from Amazon was nothing like the scent that it was advertised as . I will be very weary of ordering my perfume again through this online company
 The momento I took the botle out of the box then I knew was not what I knew it should be . Clue guys -LRB- yellow fluid -RRB- . if you want an instant headache , and waste money . ahrrr ...
 I wore Fleur de Rocaille when I was first married , and then could n't find it in the stores anymore . I remember it as a light , flowery fragrance . Although the eau de toilette I ordered from Amazon has a slight resemblance to the one I used years ago , it is much stronger and heavier . I was very disappointed .
 i think they changed the formula . now , when i use it my face itches like crazy and i 've seen red blister like places on my face . it 's driving me crazy . can anyone recommend another beard dye ?
 First off , I 've never been allergic to anything except ragweed in the fall . No detergents or medicines or creams have ever bothered me . But after a few applications of this -LRB- and I used it correctly , not overdosing or leaving it on too long -RRB- my face broke out with red blotches like boils.I would stay far away from this.I 'd much prefer a product that took longer and did n't tear up my face .
 The worst product I have ever used ! ***** WARNING ***** Do not use this product ! It will harm you ! They need to be sued !!!!!
 I bought this product with the hope that it would be similar to the unfortunately discontinued Vitalis hair tonic . In terms of hair conditioning , it is acceptable though oilier than Vitalis . The smell , however , is unbearable . Its reek is comparable to the effect of wearing too much cologne or perfume .
 Hair Rats - 10 '' ,8 '' ,6 '' . I was really excited when I first saw the hair rats on here and decided to buy all three . Each Rat cost $ 8.95 an okay cost but then they charged me an additional $ 6.65 for each rat for shipping and handling making the grand total $ 46.80 . $ 46.80 for three extra large curlers . . hmmm . I would of thought because of the cost of shipping the parcel would of being here in 3 days but did not show up until 16 days later at which time I did not need them . Thanks but no thanks ...
 Original ordered mirror kept going through the -LRB- 3 -RRB- light cycles without touching the mirror for activation . The replacement mirror turns itself on without anyone being around it . Would not recommend this item .
 I bought this for my girlfriend . It has very clear optics on the regular and magnified sides . The light is not really very powerful , but OK . The main problem is that after it was plugged in for a week it just started turning on and off by itself . Had to unplug it , what good is that ?
 The pluses
 This product did not really work on me . First when I applied it , it got on my skin and it was very hard to take it away , very hard . I wash my face 2 times a day so maybe it is the reason why it did not last but I really expected something better than that .
 This Vetiver by Carven must have come from a truly ancient stock . The slight scent that remains virtually vanishes moments after spraying , leaving an unpleasant miasma vaguely reminiscent of Drano . I 've had it from Saks and know what it should smell like . Too much trouble to return ; buyer beware !
 I am familiar with this product . My father started using it in the 1970s . I bought this as a present for someone else . I ended up keeping it for myself . I opened the package and bottle this weekend . The `` cologne '' had no fragrance . I do n't know whether it was exposed to the sun or was too old , or what . What I got is n't cologne , it 's a tinted bottle of alcohol .
 I received the wrong product , not the one in the advertised picture . It was misleading information . When trying to return , a message comes up staing that it can not be returned for harzardous reasons.Careful , do NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!!!!!
 I have used this product for ten years and was excited about getting it for so much less than QVC or straight from Philosophy , but the product was liquidy instead of a mousse texture so I received a credit immediately by the seller . They were very prompt !
 Very greasy and I do n't fee like using it . I felt aveno was better than this . I felt it would be better if it was less greasy .
 I purchased this product from our local MCX for a change from my regular moisturizer , and two months later I 'm less than enthused . I experienced no extreme medical issues , like some other unfortunate reviewers , but neither did I experience any sort of positive results . For the amount of money spent , I could have just as easily purchased a moisturizer from a local pharmacy for $ 5 , gone for a nice lunch , and two months later had the same results . `` Hope in a Jar '' did not work for me .
 Smells a little like sour oranges . Difficult to get past the smell on my face . Other qualities of the cream seem fine .
 Gave it away ... I was truly surprised but this product actually flared up my very light case of Rosacia and I found a better and cheaper face cleaning and moisturizing product at Walmart .
 I was excited to receive Hope in a Jar for Christmas but after a few uses developed a horrible , raised , itchy red rash all over my face and developed very sensitive dry skin . Thinking that perhaps daily use was too much at first I decided to try it again - the rash started developing about 8 hours later and got worse even after washing my face with a gentle cleanser . Took about 5 days before my skin was back to normal.I 've never had this type of reaction to a product before and will stick to Philosophy scents as opposed to skin products .
 I started using Philosophy products with their set , called something like Makeup-Free Skin . This was in there , and I used it for a couple of years . It was my first jump up from drug store brands . I liked it well enough , but the lack of spf was kind of a bother , and I never really felt like it sunk in . In the summer , my skin can get kind of oily , so this may be part of it , but even right after washing my face it just would n't soak in , so I 'd have to wait a while to put any makeup on . I was very conscious that I had moisturizer on my skin . Like I said , though , I used it for about two years , so I did n't think it was bad at the time . Since I 've switched to other things , I ca n't imagine switching back to this .
 I 've never gotten all the Philosohpy hype-it 's overpriced cream , lotion , and other bath products . I got this as a sample with an online order at Sephora . It 's terrible . It 's runny not thick like other creams I 'm used to . Maybe it 's me but when I use lotion I like a creamy texture that soothes my face not something that 's running down it . The smell is ... weird . It 's neither pleasant or unpleasant , it 's just odd . And seemed to seep into the blanket I use when I sleep . Not to mention when I woke up I expected a moisturized face-another downfall of this product . This lotion did absolutely nothing for my dry skin . And what does 99 % oil-free even mean -LRB- description on Sephora website -RRB- ? Either it has oil or it does n't . And I 'm a 100 % oil-free only kinda gal . My $ 6 night of olay jar does a better job in all areas mentioned above . Also , the purity cleanser by Philosophy is crap too . I also got that as a sample and had to use a TON to get it to lather . When I wash my face I like to see the soap/cleanser . It also left my face still feeling oily-like it was n't fully clean . I 'll stick to Cetaphil which is way cheaper , gentle , and cleans thoroughly .
 I got this with a kit that I bought from Philosophy . I LOVE Philosophy , their fragrances , body washes , shampoos , creams etc. . However , I have to be truthfull ... I was so excited to try this product ... however when I opened the jar ... the smell almost bowled me over . I ca n't even describe it ... YUK >> > AWFUL ... I thought maybe it was just that jar so I found another in Sephora in Manhattan and BINGO ... same smell . I can honestly say that I do n't know if it works as I just could n't get past the awful smell ... it was making me gag . Never had anything like that happen before . Read the reviews on -LSB- ... -RSB- ... I was suprised others felt the same way.Just my opinion , plenty of people love it ... NOT ME .
 I do n't like this product at all . It is greasy and smells . There is no hope , but talk in a jar .
 This stuff is super greasy , I looked like I soaked my face in oil . It works great on my elbows though .
 This product has some great potential but the smell was so awful I threw it away ... what a waste .
 I regret purchasing this product.smells disgusting and it lingers in my face all day long.moisturizing effect is just as good as other things . so buy other product . NOT THIS
 I just tried this cream this week . . after using other philosophy skin care products for a long time . Well . . after the third application , I woke up this morning with my face beet red like a chemical burn , swollen and itchy . I was horrified . It was so bad I saw a doctor and I will be on oral steroids for a week . I have never had any kind of reaction to any cosmetic in my life until this . sooo ... after reading about the ingredients in HIAJ , I discovered it contains lavender oil ... an ingredient that can be toxic and cause this allergic reaction similar to poison ivy . REALLY ?? I 'm sure this is good for many people , but it is not for everyone , so if you try it for the first time , do a patch test before putting it all over your face . If it burns ... STOP USING IT and return it . If you do n't you might be sorry like me .
 I thought I would purchase this after reading rave reviews . I have dry skin that is sensitive , the cream burned my skin , turned it red and made it itch , I had to wash it off . worst moisturizer I have ever tried . Gimmick !
 I am all for `` natural '' products ... without any unnecessary additives , but philosophy made a mistake on this one . It is almost unbearable to me ! It smells so metallic and harsh . Once upon my face , I have to keep smelling it for at least an hour ... -LRB- Until either the smell wears off or I become accustomed to it -RRB- My husband hated it too , especially the smell . And honestly , it was no better than the 5 dollar creams you can buy at any drug store . NOT a miracle lotion ... not really anything but hype .
 I have been using Hope in a Jar for a few years now . I decided to order this online because it was a few dollars cheaper than Sephora . What I received is a watered down version of Hope in Jar . It 's runny and has almost no scent at all . I happen to love the scent of HIAJ and the light consistency is what I love best . What I got is runny and greasy . I have used it a couple of times and thought I was losing my mind until I read a few other reviews and saw that I 'm not the only one . Hopefully I will get a full refund . In the future I will spend the extra few bucks and buy it from Sephora .
 I decided to try Hope in the Jar because I like trying new products for my face ... I was out of my last moisturizer and was placing an order through Amazon anyways . It had a bad smell to it but that was not the reason I had to toss it . It took a few weeks to realize that after I started using it , my face was breaking out in tiny pimples . I am 55 and had not had a pimple in 30 years . I stopped using it and the pimples stopped coming .
 Hope in a Jar is the product of marketing hype . This product smells like something out of a biologist 's lab . It 's also faintly yellow , and it reminded me of a chemistry experiment.When I put a huge blob on my cheek -LRB- before spreading it out -RRB- , it left my eyes burning . Its smell and effects on my eyes make it difficult for me to believe in its goodness . At this price , people with sensitive skins are better off experimenting with brands such as Burt 's Bees and Shiseido White Lucent -LRB- both tried and tested , in summer and winter . they worked -RRB- Skintype
 Thank goodness I was able to obtain a sample because I would be really upset if I paid for this horrible product.The minute I put it on I noticed the putrid smell . The second thing I noticed was my eyes burning and watering . About 15 minutes later my face was on fire . I had to go wash it off.Purity and Microdelivery seem to be an awesome products .
 Before you read on -LRB- and just to be fair -RRB- you must know that I am very sensitive to odd smells and am very finicky when it comes to scented beauty products.I have enjoyed the 3 in 1 products from Philosophy as well as the Purity cleanser , so why would I think that `` hope in a jar '' was n't going to be fantastic as well ? Even celebrities sing its praises , right ? I was aware that some people didnt like the smell but I was not expecting this . Besides ... Philosophy has some great smelling products that I will continue to use.When I opened the jar and smelled , I did n't really notice an immediate foul odor . It was n't until I put it on that I smelled the overwhelming odor of rotting flesh that some chemist tried to cover up with a splash of orange . I really do n't know how else to describe it . I am guessing that the odor came when the product reacted with my skin . I tried to wait it out and hope the smell would wear off , but it beat me . I had to wash it off . It did n't cause any adverse irritation or other issues that people have reported , but it was n't on my face for more than 2 minutes . So it did n't actually rot my flesh , it just smelled like it ... . I wish Philosophy would take the hope out of the jar and put it back in my bank account .
 I have fairly normal skin but hope in a jar caused me to breakout . I do n't usually have problems with acne . Maybe it was just too heavy for my skin type but I wo n't be using it anymore .
 I usually love Philosophy products , but this product smells so bad it makes me gag . I even tried putting almond extract in the jar , but the wretched smell overpowered even this very strong extract . I will stick with the other Philosophy products in the future .
 I was looking for a daily moisturizer that would actually moisturize my face , so when I saw Hope in a Jar on QVC , I had to buy it . I have tried the product for two weeks now , and , all I have gotten is the same result . I have only put a pea-sized drop of this stuff on each and every night , and , when I wake up , I wake up to a cluster of blackheads and zits , usually on either my nose or my forehead . I am also very allergic to a lot of chemicals in beauty products , but this was the worst ! I actually have to be put on steroids for 30 days because it is making my asthma and high IGE levels of allergies act up badly . Also , if you have oily skin , BEWARE . I do n't have oily skin , and this made me break out in tons of zits , so , imagine what it would do to people that have really oily or oily skin ! I am not saying that Hope in a Jar is n't good for everyone . All I know is , it 's not good for me ! It 's Refund Time !!
 I had purchased the original Hope in a Jar at my Ulta last year and loved it . It was n't until now that I worked up the courage to spend a chunk of cash again for something that really hydrated and brightened my skin . Low and behold what I received in the mail was not at all what I bought in store . While it came in the beautiful Philosophy packaging , the product itself was goopy and runny -LRB- it spilled on me as I was trying to open it ! -RRB- ; not at all the light , gel-like moisturizer I used to know . People harped on the smell which I remember being pleasant and fresh -- whatever was in this jar was a very strange , chemical type smell . Not at all pleasant . Thinking perhaps my memory was n't what it used to be , I tested it out for a week . It slicked onto my skin , felt very slippery and moisturized my skin for a couple hours at best . Overall very disappointed . I 'm going to try to return this because it is n't at all what I wanted , especially for the price .
 I received a sample of this recently and just put it on my face . As I put it on , I thought it felt nice and went to bed to read but could n't get past the fact that I just smelled awful . I put my hands up to my face and smoothed my cheeks and then smelled my fingers to see if it was indeed the cream I was smelling and I could n't believe it . Came online to read reviews and after reading these horrible reviews about people breaking out , I just washed my face and put on my beloved Erno Laszlo cream , which by the way , smells fantastic . This Philosophy cream was beyond awful . In the garbage it went .
 This product is not for someone who has somewhat oily to oily skin . It absorbs quickly . Within an hour I am oily all over .
 I received Hope In A Jar as a Christmas present and was excited to try it . After 2-3 days of using it every night , I woke up one morning with my face and neck covered in hives ! My face was swollen , red and itchy . I was really afraid because at first I did n't know what caused it . I started taking Benadryl and used Coritsone cream which had no effect . I missed a day of work because I felt terrible and the medicine I took just made me sleepy . It lasted for almost 4 days ! Not to mention the doctor appointment which cost me over $ 100 . I 've never had an allergic reaction to ANYTHING so I was very stressed and worried . After I finally searched online , I found hundreds of blog posts and message board comments from women who had the exact same experience . Most people seem to think it is the lavender oil that is causing the reaction . I have used products with lavender extract my whole life so it must be extremely concentrated if it is making me have a reaction . I would n't recommend this product to anyone because it seems like the irritant ingredient is strong enough to make a lot of women have this reaction . It is miserable to have your face covered in hives ... I would n't wish it on anyone .
 I was excited to get this product because of all of the reviews stating how well it works . I washed my face with the Purity cleanser and then applied this moisturizer . It smelled icky , but I figured the scent would fade . It did n't . It just got worse and worse . The scent is a cross between moldy musty laundry and rotten food . It got so bad I had to wash my face an hour later to get rid of it ; it was giving me a headache . I 'm glad I bought the sample size , because this stuff is too expensive to throw in the trash . There 's no way I could have worn this and gone out in public ; I could n't even stand to be around myself . Yuck !
 There are no words to describe how nasty the cream smells . I could only stand it for a few seconds before racing to wash it off my face . And then had to douse myself with perfume and talc trying to erase the stench from my memory . * shudder *
 Although I 'm a big fan of philosophy products , this cream I had to give away due to the stinky odor . I just could n't bare the smell as I felt nauseous .
 I bought Hope in a Jar because I needed a moisurizer that was a step above what I can find at the store . I got caught up in the name of this product and it did n't really deliver and neither did the product description . I do n't see a difference and I have used the moisturizer daily for almost a month . Also , it has an off-putting `` fishy '' scent which was hard to ignore . I 'm glad I only bought the smallest jar . I 'm bummed that I did n't get my 3 Sephora samples as promised with my order .
 I was not impressed with this product . As a cosmetologist and esthetician , and being someone who buys really nice skincare products on a regular basis , I was very disappointed with Hope in a Jar . I will be returning this product because it is awful!It smells exactly like the fragrance in a brand of hair dye i used to use a decade ago . The smell is so strong , and it never seems to fade -- in fact i had to wash my face twice to rid myself of the odor after several hours of wearing it . It REEKS ! : - -LRB- The consistency is watery , but it did n't help my skin absorb it any better . A light moisturizer should be hydrating and absorb into the skin readily -- this product does neither . It did nothing for my skin but irritate it a bit -LRB- probably due to a combination of its exfoliating lactic acid and its overwhelming amount of fragrance -RRB- and it felt like a film on my skin.When i washed my face and put on my regular moisturizer -LRB- Shiseido -RRB- my skin immediately looked and felt SO much better ! It was like my skin was as relieved to be rid of Hope In a Jar as much as my nostrils were relieved to be rid of the fragrance . I 'd recommend Aveda hydrating lotion if you are into botannical aromas -- it is so much better for your skin and smells infinitely more appealing than this Hype In a Jar ! > . < I suspect any extremely positive reviews of this product were written by people that either 1 -RRB- have no sense of smell , 2 -RRB- have never used a decent moisturizer , or 3 -RRB- are people paid by Philosophy to promote their product ... because it is honestly not a good product . I give it an `` F '' in every possible catagory.How disappointing ! If only their products were half as good as the names they come up with for them , my world might have been sufficiently rocked !
 this is one of the worst product I have ever used . It did n't have a pleasant smell , and I started to have a breakout . I will never purchase anything from philosophy again .
 Someone gave this to me for Christmas and I only used it a couple of times . Not that impressed with the product . I ended up throwing this away .
 The odor of this product is too offensive and I was totally disappointed . I can not believe Oprah lists it as one of her ` favorite things ' .
 I was really excited to try `` Hope in a Jar '' I love trying out new facial moisturizers . I have Combination/Oily skin . So the first time I tried this product out was through a trial size I received as a gift . It works great as far as moisturizing my face . The only thing that I despise about the product is the smell . It seriously smells like a wet dog . I do n't like how the smell lingers even after a night 's sleep . When I wake up I can still smell it . Honestly this is the only thing that holds me back from purchasing the actual size .
 the jar of hope was practically empty , smelled bad and did nothing for me . I was very disappointed and the jar seemed to be opened and used .
 I really , really , really wanted to love this lotion . I bought a smaller size -LRB- 0.5 oz -RRB- and I 'm so glad I did n't waste money on a larger one ! From the moment I applied it my face slightly burned . The smell is awful , straight up awful . By the end of the day it was all I could smell and taste , even while eating . I woke up to a swollen , red , and itchy face that kept getting worse . The burning was terrible - I held cold water bottles up to my cheeks all day . I also tried Benadryl - which did n't help much . The rash and itching finally dissipated after about a week . I do not have sensitive skin and have NEVER had a reaction like this before . I certainly was n't expecting one from this expensive product with `` a cult-like following '' . It 's been a few weeks and I decided to give HIAJ another try since I was n't positive what the reaction was from . My face was terribly dry the another night so I stupidly used this cream again . I woke up in the morning with itching all over - same reaction . This is day 2 now , Benadryl is not making any difference and I want to claw my face off :-LRB- The reaction seems to be so much worse this time . My face looks so bad I do n't think I can leave the house . I have washed my face but I 'm too afraid to put any kind of make up on . I just want this to be over!Needless to say , I 'm chucking Hope In A Jar in the trash . Perhaps it 's the lavendar oil ? I keep goggling around looking for some kind of treatment/relief but it appears most people have just to wait this out.Not worth the hype !
 I received Hope in a Jar as part of a Philosphy kit when I purchased my Clarisonic . I have traditionally had fairly decent skin -LRB- at 38 , when I complained about my skin , most people commented that they WISH they had skin like mine -RRB- ... even the ladies at Sephora commented on how my skin appeared to be in very good condition . I used the Philosphy and Hope in a Jar with the first use of the Clarisonic . The next morning , I had itchy red bumps all over my face . I stopped using the clarisonic , purity made simple and hope in a jar . The bumps went away and started again , thinking this was a purge process . I started again with the clarisonic and my normal non-irritating face wash and all seemed well . I assumed the purge process was over . I then used the purity made simple and the clarisonic . All appeared well . I began using the Hope in a Jar again , the next day ... again , the itchy red bumps . After the second flair up , I came to Amazon and read the low rated reviews and discovered that many others who have never had a problem before began having similar flare ups using the Hope in a Jar . I am currently waiting for the itchy bumps in my t-zone and on my chin to go away . The Purity Made Simple does not seem to cause problems but I will no longer use the Hope in a Jar on my face .
 About a week ago , my face suddenly broke out . I have consistently clear skin so having a single pimple would have been surprising . Having my entire face covered in what almost appeared to be hives ? VERY alarming ! I thought maybe it was from starting a medication . It eventually cleared , but face itched like crazy and was in HORRIBLE shape . Well , last night I tried Hope in a Jar for the first time in about a week . I had been trying not to put anything on my skin in an effort to let it heal . Well , sure enough , I woke up this morning to a burning face . I mean BURNING . I was begging for someone to sit on my hands so that I could not scratch my itchy , red face . It looks like I have a horrible case of acne and I am afraid it will only get worse . I am literally icing my face as I type this . I do not have sensitive skin , I rarely ever have a pimple and am allergic to absolutely nothing . After reading these posts and realizing the coincidental timing between the lotion and my reaction , I am furious that a product like this even exists ! Help ! Do not buy this .
 I should have listened to the reviewers who have complained about the smell . I ca n't quite describe it . It 's almost a strong chemical smell . If you live in or have ever been in Southern California , we have a `` stink weed '' that is very pungent and smells very strong but artificial . It 's almost like that strong chemical stink weed smell . When I put this on my face in the morning , I have to quickly put an Aveda moisturizing lotion over it just to tolerate the smell otherwise I smell that stinky chemical smell ALL DAY . Since I really have n't noticed anything as far as an improvement in my skin or complextion and I really do n't have major wrinkles to see an improvement , I will never buy this product again . I 'd rather buy something that smells better that offers moisturizing components . Plus , with this product , it 's rather thin and does n't feel like it really absorbs into the skin . It 's not thick . -LRB- I hate thick greasy products and this does n't fall into that category so that 's a plus I guess . -RRB- It seems too thin like they put too much water in as a base . Overall the smell ruins the product and if it actually improved the skin , maybe it would be worth the sacrafice . Since it does nothing for the skin , why suffer with the smell when there are hundreds of other facial products that are much better ?
 I love several of the philosophy fragrances so started trying their skin care line , including `` hope in a jar '' along with a few body lotions . While I do not have sensitive skin , 2 of 3 philosophy moisturizers made me break out in a bumpy rash within 2 days . I thought it was a fluke so months later I tried again with the same result . I 've never had this problem with any other skin care products , even cheap drug store ones , so unfortunately will never spend money on philosophy skincare products again !
 EW !! GET IT OFF ! GET IT OFF!I was unable to take home samples of the Philosophy products , and let the SA talk me into the $ 30 set of cleanser/retinol/moisturizer . I had high hopes for Hope in a Jar . But my gawd does this reek ! As I 'm sitting here typing this review , the occasional whiff of this craptacular moisturizer makes me sorry I did n't wash it off first.This does n't have any kind of moisturizing feel or glide , it 's like I rubbed liquid candles on my face . Stinky liquid candles . My skin feels tight , like there is a mask on it . A mask made out of the same stinky stink of the candles ! My face feels very annoyed and irritated , to match the mood this smell is putting me in.If you can get a sample of it first , I 'd recommend that . Or at least buy from a vendor with a generous return policy in case it does n't work for you .
 I received this item in the mail just fine . However , when I opened the cream for the first time it was a a yellowish off white color and more liquidy . This is an old product especially when I noticed the seal was n't so new looking either . The facial cream also gave off a weird odor . I went into a Sephora store to double check the actual product and remind myself what it is supposed to look like and the color was a white and a much thicker consistency . I also double checked all their other facial creams and NOTHING looked like what fragrance.net gave me . I returned it !!
 Purchased this product to use as my daytime moisturizer . I 'm 48 years old and have dry , very sensitive skin . From the first time I put this on , my skin burned . Not sure what ingredient caused the burning , but would not recommend using it if you have sensitive skin .
 The consistency of the lotion looks like curdled milk . I do n't know if it was stored properly , shipped properly or even if the product is truly authentic ... I am disappointed !
 I have purchased Hope in a Jar from other sources such as Nordstrom 's , and have never had a problem with any previous purchases . I thought Amazon offered a great deal , so I bought a jar . Well , you get what you pay for . This product smells nothing like the original product , and it left me wondering if it was either an old product -LRB- i.e. past its best-buy date , or possibly a mis-handled one -RRB- , or a counterfeit . I 'm sure it 's not the latter , but I would n't at all be surprised if it were the former . I had similar feelings about the two other Philosophy products I purchased . What a disappointment !
 I wanted to try this moisturizer , I have other products by philosophy and I like to use them . Unfortunately , this moisturizer stinks . The creamy texture feels nice and I think it does hydrate the skin and it is not heavy like other moisturizers , but I ca n't stand the smell , it is terrible . It would be nice if this cream was non-scented .
 It really works with my dry skin when weather changes . I usually have a mix to oily skin , kinda sensitive . I used this for less than a month , and it did NO good to my pimples and acne . It 's too heavy and it 's not natural . If your skin is really dry , it 's good . If yours are not REALLY dry , do n't use it . I have breakouts on my forehead !
 I might have expected too much , after I read some of the reviews and heard Oprah say she has used this product for the last 10 years ... I bought the variety for dry -LRB- and sensitive -RRB- skin . Yet the texture of the `` moisturizer '' is almost like a -LRB- white -RRB- paste , there 's nothing moist -LRB- urizing -RRB- about it ! It looks like you 've spread an almost dry white paste on your skin !!! Looks very unpleasant , and certainly did n't give my skin a good feeling.Furthermore , when I woke up in the morning , the area under my eyes was all swollen - not sure , if I was a bit allergic to the product , or if the the cream is just too `` heavy '' , too dry-ish . I 'm very disappointed .
 The first thing I noticed was the smell . It reminds me of vapor rub . Scent was too strong . Not something I was comfortable wearing . Good thing it was a gift .
 I 've bought a few philosophy cleansers & they were good.But this hope in a jar has unbearable smell . I put it on and the smell stays all day long.It makes me feel nauseous . I 'm not exaggerating . My husband said the smell is not that bad so I think its not bad for everyone.I tried for 2 days & I have blemishes all around my mouth . I 'm done with it.It was the one of the worst cream I have bought .
 The eucalyptus smell is so strong & if you apply it near your eyes , it stings ! Did n't do anything for my face despite the rave reviews . In fact , I 've been getting red spots on my cheeks & an occassional breakout . I never experience these using Estee Lauder . Not recommended .
 I was very excited when I received a sample of this from sephora after hearing and reading about it for years . However , after two uses I had to toss this ... I developed some sort of reaction that made my face and neck itchy and red . Never have had a reaction like this to skin cream .
 So I purchased the small trial jar first . . it worked out great ... although it did give me some slight tingling feeling every time I put it on.Soon after , I bought the large jar for a big price ! When I went in to see my Skin specialist a week after my small trial size was done ... he told me I had rosacea !! I ca n't really use the product now coz it makes my rosacea so so bad ! My face is all itchy and has tiny red patches again ... ! Have a bottle full and Do n't know what to do with it ... switching to Biotherm for now .
 I too bought this product with high expectations . However after a week of use my skin has a horrible red pimple like rash ! My T Zone area is actually more dry now then before the product . I will stick with my $ 5.00 Ponds
 I used this product for one day , and woke up this morning with my face hot and red , swelling and little bumps all over . My doctor advised me to go to an urgent care center -- they gave me prednisone to take . I wish I had read reviews before buying this . My face is so swollen and itchy I had to take a day out of work . I do n't have extremely sensitive skin , and I do n't know which ingredient caused the allergic reaction . If you are thinking about buying this product , get a sample first and do a test . My face feels like I rubbed poison ivy leaves all over it . : -LRB-
 My daughter gave me her hope in a jar original formula moisturizer because she said it made her face break out . I did n't think much of it because we have different skin types and I have never had a problem with any other product . At least not until now . After using this product for 2 days , my face looks like it has a bad diaper rash . The prouct label claims it will help give your skin a `` healthy rosy glow '' . I do n't think they were referring to the red , inflamed , bumpy skin I now have . I am using hydrocortisone cream to try to calm my skin , but so far it is n't effective . I have read good things about other philosophy products , but would be very hesitant to try any of them after this experience .
 I really do not like this moisturizer . It 's a bit too greasy for my taste , although it does make my skin very soft and smooth . The worst thing about it is the scent , which is really bad . I do n't understand why Philosophy ca n't make this stuff smell better . I do not recommend it at all .
 ` I am with a lot of other reviewers on here . . love the product but the smell reminds me of hair dye when you first put it on . I had to wash this off my face and unfortunately had to throw out the produc .
 I was n't even able to give this product a chance . After just one use , I could not believe the smell . It smelled like burned plastic after applying it to my face . It made me sick to my stomach . The smell was even on my baby when I laid him down to sleep and I took a baby wipe to get it off of his head . It just smells so bad !
 I used this product 2 nights ago and have had an increasingly severe allergic reaction ever since . I never would have imagined this product would have such an effect , in spite of my highly sensitive skin , but after closer further review , I see that I am not alone!Yesterday morning , my face was beet red in places . By last night , I had huge itchy welts on a large portion of my face . Today , the reaction is even worse , in spite of the fact that I 've taken 2 antihistamine doses . I feel like I want to crawl out of my skin , and I definitely do not want to leave the house as my face and eyes are completely swollen , unbearably itchy , and a shade of intense purplish-red that I did n't know existed heretofore . My skin feels raw with an inconsolable burning itch . The rash has affected the skin under my eyebrows , my neck , behind/below my ears and there are additional rashes on different parts of my body . I would not wish such discomfort on anyone!NO HOPE for me !!!
 I really wanted hope in a jar but that is not what I got . My opinion of a moisturizer is a cream with some texture . This was very runny . I did not try it for a long time so it could work I guess . I just did not like the texture . In the picture it looks like the cream is standing up . Maybe I got a bad jar ...
 I heard so much about this product and was excited to try it . I have acne prone skin with mild scarring . I did not like this moisturizer . It broke me out and I did not see any improvement in my skin texture , tone or hyperpigmentation . I will not repurchase .
 I bought this product -LRB- and a hair product from another company -RRB- last week after reading the many positive reviews of it . Needless to say , I was uber excited to start using it.When I first applied it , it had a slight funky smell to it . I do n't know how to describe it ... I guess chemical-ish ? The smell is n't as bad as what other people are reviewing it to be though . The smell goes away a couple minutes after it absorbs into the skin.The texture is light and airy . It absorbs into the skin quickly and is not greasy . The texture , to me , was perfect.-and the reason for the bad review - The morning after I first used this product , I noticed a rash on my face and neck . I thought I was breaking out and did n't think much of it . The day after that , I had difficulty breathing all night and the rash got worse . It was n't until the next day when it was swelling and itchy that I figured I was having an allergic reaction . I looked like I had rubbed poison ivy all over my face.At first I was n't sure weather it was the hope in a jar or the hair product I had purchased on the same day . I swatched them both on different arms and waited . Sure enough , the arm I put the Philosophy product on developed a rash . It 's strage since this is the first thing I 'm allergic to -LRB- besides poison ivy -RRB- . BOTTOM LINE
 Not for Sensitive Skins -- Perfume is UnnecessaryWhy would a company put such a heavy perfume in a facial moisturizer ? It seems that the majority of the negative reviews are because of the odor.I usually use Clinique , or Bare Minerals which is completely fragrance-free . Even then , I sometimes get reactions -LRB- usually to chemical sunscreens that are in a lot of day creams -RRB- . This product is not a good choice for women who have sensitive skin . It did n't make me break out , because it actually burned and I had to take it off immediately . This product contains Diazolidinyl Urea which is irritating to a lot of people -LRB- including me -RRB- . Conclusion
 I 've used Scruples 02 Originals Soothing Polish for years and have always just loved it ! It 's fantastic and lasts for such a long time ! So , when my last bottle finally ran out , I saw this ad and ordered a few more ! Unfortuantely-it appears as though the manufacturer has decided to chanage the product and it is now in new packaging and not nearly as thick and nice-in fact , it 's runny and greasy and feels awful in your hair . To make matters worse , the advertisement on Amazon and from the store where it came from has the picture of the old product but when I ordered it , the new product came . I have tried to contact them numerous times but no answer and no call-backs . Thankfully I made the purchase on AMEX who is now fighting with them for the refund ! What a nightmare ! Stay away from this company ! One of those bad experiences to be avoided ! Susan
 I generally love the Philosophy Brand . However , I am not a big fan of the Present . I used it for a week and it gave my face a rash . Then I waited about 6 weeks later to try it again and the same thing happened . I also experienced a break out of 2 pimples the second time around . I never ever break out on my face ! It also feels very heavy . However , I do have sensitive skin so that might be the reason . I will still continue to use Philosophy products , just not this one .
 Philosophy ... usually a great name in the world of skin care , so , I purchased this product and hada really bad reaction.methylparaben , propylparaben ... this is the reason for my bad reaction.Live and learn ...
 Goes on really goopy like I 'd imagine Elmer 's Glue would feel.Never really sinks in or sets up so when foundation is applied -LRB- even after the requisite 2 minutes -RRB- , it streaks on in big , greasy lines and is impossible to blend in . The result is a big mask of goop that feels horrible.Yes it will eradicate lines , only because it 's so thick and therefore covers everything.I 've never had success with this . And I really gave it the old college `` go '' - I nearly got halfway through before just tossing it in the trash because I ca n't use it anymore - it 's useless to me . It just looks AWFUL . I had much more success with Covergirl Simply Ageless Serum primer w/Olay and Sally Hansen Natural Beauty Luminizing Face Primer . They 're much thinner , set up faster and provide a nice canvas for makeup .
 Does make a slick surface when applied , dried for 2 min as instructed ; but , does nothing to minimize pores which it claimed to do ...
 I was also very excited to try this primer . I like philosophy products but this is just horrible for my skin . I have sensitive , oily and acne prone skin . Have been using it for 6 days and I have broken out after not having not even one pimple for months . Specially in the cheeks and chin area . I applied it , the consistancy was good liked that , let it dry over the 2 minutes and then applied my foundation . Really like how my foundation looked with this and it did not make me oily . But the BIG problem once again it made me brake out , so ladies dont waist your time if you have similar skin . I will continue on my quest for the best primer !!!
 I was on the search for the BEST primer that did n't add shine to my already combination skin . I LOVE Philosophy & thought I 'd LOVE the Present too -LRB- & the price was GREAT -RRB- , but it did n't hold up to my expectations . It 's much thicker than most primers & very little is needed . It states to wait 2 min 's before applying make-up & I 've tried between 2 min 's - 30 min 's to see if that made a difference . By mid-morning I 'd find my make-up was starting to look cakey on my oily areas . I really wanted to LOVE it and used it consistently for a couple of weeks trying different methods of application , time , etc. . . Finally , gave up & spending the $ for Smashbox . So far , it 's holding up to the hype ... even received compliments about something being different about me after using it a couple of days . I just smiled & said thank-you .
 This stuff does n't hold a candle to Smashbox 's Photo Finish primer . I will still use Smashbox for important days , and just use this for other days until I run out , but I wo n't be buying more . The feeling of The Present is very sticky/tacky whereas Smashbox 's Photo Finish goes on like air and then you do n't feel it , and makeup is smoother that way . Just wish Smashbox was n't so expensive .
 Just o.k. ... Gives a chalky finish , and seems to clog my pores . Usually a big fan of Philosophy products , but no this one .
 I tried this product after reading some reviews that it is a good moisturizer/coverup for men . It feels good going on , but as it dries it creates a slight ghostly white appearance to your beard area . You can kinda rub it out but it just looks like you have dry skin or some type of white powder rubbed in.It is expensive but I wo n't return it yet and give it a few more days ... unless a close friend asks me what 's on my face.It does do what it says on the cheek , nose , and forehead area . It smooths out pores , does not look oily ... still some `` whitish '' quality to it . I would think if you had black skin that it would look like you smeared something on your face ... black guys beware!But my skin is already very fair ... so I do n't think it 's noticeable.I will an update in a couple weeks ... if anyone is interested ... 17 January 2013 UPDATE : I have been using this for about 1 week . It 's just OK . It 's just a moisturizer that does n't make your face greasy . Save your money ... the rave reviews are overblown . $ 28 for this ... or $ 3 for a standard face moisturizer ... same thing!No biggie ...
 I found this cream to be drying . I used on my lips and they became very dry and flaky .
 Product is really dry ; it does not smell like grapefruit at all.I will not buy it again .
 What is Advertised
 I love this product , but since I bought this on Amazon , Philosophy has changed the formula of this soap and it does n't smell the same . I 'm not a fan of the new smell at all and have stopped buying the product . Too bad because I really loved it .
 I was very excited when I received my order containing Philiosphy Amazing Grace Shower Gel ; however , as soon as I opened the bottle I was in tears . The shower gel is odorless !!! I 'm angry because I wasted money and time by ordering this from Amazon .
 It 's O.K. , but not worth the cost . It smells nice , but I found the scent did n't last on my skin or hair . The lather is not very rich either . The only thing that really stood out about this product to me , was the packaging . I like what it says on the bottle . I do n't see myself purchasing it again .
 No scent at all . Very very disappointing . I was so excited to buy such a large bottle but what a waste of money ! Do n't waste your time until they stop making cheap products . Seriously what happened to this company ???!!!
 I love the smell , but it DOES NOT ` stick ' . It smelt it nicely when I shampooed , or , when it was in higher concentration , but I could not smell it otherwise . Plus , it is not moisturizing . So , I will continue to use it as a shampoo , but not a body wash . My hair looked nice today , so I ca n't complain about it 's shampooing performance . But , since I paid what I paid for it , I am disappointed . I wish it had a more potent , long-lasting smell , and , I wish it was moisturizing .
 I loved the smell of the Amazing Grace shower gel ... but about 1/3 rd into the bottle , all of a sudden I noticed the scent of the gel did n't smell like it did when I first bought it . It 's almost like it lost scent or something . At first I thought it was just me , like maybe I was used to it or something . But this has never happened before on other scented products . My hubby sniffed it but he said it did n't smell very strong either.Anyway , I 'm still using the rest of the bottle but wo n't be purchasing this one again .
 Do not buy this shampoo under any circumstance !!!! I used the shampoo a few days ago and it made my hair so dry . My scalp was itching and my hair felt so coarse . My mother used the same bottle of shampoo a few days later and her hair started falling out in clumps . It fell out so much that she started having small bald spots ! Do not use this shampoo .
 I was very disappointed when I received my oils . There was absolutely no fragrance to any of the four bottles that I purchased . I will not be purchasing this product online in the future .
 I REALLY , REALLY wanted to like this . Was so anxious to get it . Other reviews were great so I am wondering if mine just got messed up or something . It stinks . Really stinks . Nothing musky at all about this . It smells like hand soap but not the good kind . So disappointed . Cant even describe the smell - just a strong flowery scent and smells like cheap soap / lotion .
 Bhlaa , I 'm very keen on fragrances and this one sucks , the amber seems burnt and the patchouly dos ` nt help it at allWhat real amber ? you have to pay for it , like Tom Ford Amber Absolute
 Shipping was very fast . However I was expecting a white musk more along the lines of the type of scent that I would find in a spray , or something at least slightly similar . Very dissatisfied with this product . It smells far too floral , like an aerosol bathroom spray . Is it too late to get a refund ??
 Luckily for me i did n't buy this frangrance for myself , i bought it for my mother-in-law who likes the smell of Almond . I do n't know if she wears it ...
 I do n't see what all the fuss is about . This oil smells okay , but it does not last at all . I would NOT buy this again
 This is not the same patchouli as was commonly available in the US during the late 60 's and early 70 's . That fragrance was very distinctive and unforgettable . This product is not the same thing - not even close .
 Smells are all jumbled up . It does n't resemble honeysuckle at all . Very strong smell , it does n't even smell floral at all .
 First time trying Auric Blends Egyptian Goddess Roll On Perfume . I have a very good sense of smell and I actually threw this product away because it had absolutely no scent !! Very disappointing !
 I 've never been nearly knocked out by a fragrance until smelling this one . It is SO strong , I could n't even get it out of my olfactory sense after one small dab and then taking a shower to scrub it off . Patchoulli has always been one of my favorite scents , but this , well this is just overwhelmingly awful !
 After reading the intriguing reviews for this product , I was expecting a wonderful new scent to try ... sadly , I am VERY disappointed.I could barely detect any fragrance at all after I first rolled it on . I waited for a while , and then I applied more ; however , there was no noticeable increase in the scent -LRB- actually all the second application did was give me a headache , which has gone away since I scrubbed the oil off . -RRB- I had intended to try the Amber that Auric Blends offers as well -LRB- my favorite fragrance for many years -RRB- , but I am very hesitant to order it after this experience with Egyptian Goddess ...
 Not one of my favorites . I put this one in the same catagory with Love . Very light .
 I do like many of the other Auric blends scents , but this one is just gross . It smells cloyingly like the soap in public bathrooms -- to me , anyway . Sorry , but that 's my opinion !
 I do n't know what this scent is , But it smells cheap , too sweet and nothing like honeysuckle . Really disappointed . Wish I could return it . Probably will toss it . Too gross to even use as a room deodorizer .
 I would love to give a great review , but I have yet to receive this product . Oh and today makes a month since I processed this order . If I ever receive it I 'll be sure to rewrite this review . BTW , I only marked the rating because they wont let me post without it .
 Think of the smell your Teachers had . Very Grandma-like , kind of a musky funky closet smell . That 's what this is . This is that scent . The EXACT scent . Do n't believe me ? Buy it . One whiff and suddently . . `` Mrs. Smitherson ... ? I turned in my homework , I swear ! `` That being said , I love Auric blends and just because some of their oils are hit and miss ; when it 's a hit , it 's a HIT !
 I was expecting more of an essential oil , but it actually smells more like a perfume and not as earthy as I wanted . I would n't buy it again . I 'll find a 100 % essential oil instead .
 I had read So many positive reviews on the Egyptian Goddess '' scent , and it sounded so enticing!While it arrived very quickly , . . as soon as I opened the bottle . . I smelled what seemed like a pine sol scent or some kind of cleanser , I had also read in some reviews that the bottle just might need to be exposed to the air a little to really bring out the true scent , I gave it 2 days on my skin , which you can not get off for about 2 days any way , even after scrubbing in the shower , . . seemed to just keep getting stronger and started to give me a headache.So as I really tried and wanted to love Egyptian Goddess , . . it was just not for me . `` as I sit here still with the scent on my wrist `` unable to get it off '' took another sniff , and ugh . .
 I was 100 % disappointed by the aroma of Egyptian Goddess . I put it on and immediately wished I had n't . It stayed on for 3 good days , and I showered each day . I have tried to give it away , but nobody wants it . Next week it will be making it 's way to the great-grandmother , maybe she will like it . To sum it up very quickly
 This oil blend smelled absolutely wonderful at first , but two or three weeks after receiving and opening it went flat . Now it just smells like oil and the fragrance is barely perceptible . What a shame ... I 'm not sure if it was the vender , or if this is standard for this blend . Many other reviewers have the same experience.Additionally , the fragrance Night Queen that I ordered at the same time from a different vendor -LRB- I think -RRB- is wonderful . I 'm not sure why Amazon wo n't let me place a separate review for it - so I am attaching it here : Night Queen is a wonderful oil blend . I would describe it as musky , with delicious citrus and clean floral notes . I 've had it for at least 6 months and it still retains its fragrance , unlike the Egyptian Goddess that I purchased at the same time .
 the reviews made me try this perfume ... yeah rright , do ` nt get fool with these reviews !!! stinky smell and wont even last for a sec !!! but the shipment so fast !!!
 The first time I used this fragrance it made me nauseous . It had an old lady smell to it . I did n't smell any sandalwood at all . Very disappointed . I threw it away !
 This product was very disappointing to me . The smell is light and does not have that musky smell of sandlewood . It took a hot shower and lots of scrubing to remove the oil from my skin .
 Ordered this product based on reviews . Wow , I was definitely wrong to do that ! The order and shipping was on point , however , the the product leaves a lot to be desired . It smells like irish spring soap . I could have gone to the local family dollar to get this smell . Never again .
 I read the other reviews stating that this perfume was too faint , and that you could n't smell the fragrance . I should have paid attention to it . But , having said that , I am also one who likes a strong fragrance . This one is extremely mild but pleasant . It 's a pleasant fragrance , I just should have saved my money . I just assumed maybe it was just the difference in chemistry and maybe it would work for me ... it did n't .
 This has absolutely no honeysuckle scent to it at all . So if you are looking for that clean sweet smell , do n't bother with this stuff .
 I recently ordered a small sampling of Auric Blends fragrances , and this one was a disappointment . It started out nice and smelled nice in the roller , a fresh rosy-jasmine smell . However , it quickly changed to an unpleasant nursing home smell , finally drying down to a baby powder smell . The smell is giving me a slight headache , lasting forever and I will never , ever wear this again . It might work on somebody else 's chemistry , but I ca n't imagine many people wanting to smell like either an old lady or a baby 's bottom . I love other scents by this brand -LRB- Love , Sweet Rain -RRB- , but this was a miss for me .
 My wife smelled this on someone else , and was happy to own for herself . But when we got it , it had virtually no scent at all . Perhaps the bottle we got was old or defective . But not at all what she had thought it would be . We returned it , and Amazon was AMAZING about giving us our money back .
 I ordered this because of the other positive reviews . On my skin this smells like baby powder , and not in a good way . I put this on and when my boyfriend came home he immediately asks what that smell was . When I told him it was the perfume he said it was awful and and making him gag .
 This Egyption Musk oil smells ok , I wore just a dab to work and it made me and others around me sneeze alot . Also i broke out a little with redness and itching where I applied it . So I do not suggest this to someone who thinks they may want to avoid these issues .
 Thought it would smell musky vanillaish but I was wrong it smells like old lady perfume and is to strong
 If you like to smell like wet dirt then this is your scent . It smells nothing like patchouli . I had to take a shower after putting it on because it smelled so bad .
 Omg this scent is a disaster . It smells like coconut for about 3 seconds and then it just bitter . I do n't even know how to describe it . Is it how coconut supposed to smell like ? Because it gave me headache and i had to wash it away . I do n't know about other scent but I 'm warning you , DO NOT purchase the black coconut , uhgg .
 I am an avid amazon customer and this is by far the worst thing I have ever purchased online . . I cant belive how people can give this absolute piece of crap so many positive reviews , which tricked me into buying this . . This has absolutely no fragrance at all , and I could detect it only if I smelled hard . . I asked my husband to smell it and even he said he couldnt much . . I dont think both of us has olfactory probs like some reviewer mentioned here . . and for what its worth it doesnt even last 1 hour . . by which I mean , after 1 hour when I smelled the area I rubbed it in , there was nothing ! and yeah , when you put it on and smell it , it smells cheap powdery!I am so dissapointed by this purchase not just because of the bucks I spent , but to think I made such a bum of myself by buying this cheap thing , with so many expectations . . Pls do yourself a favor and stay away . . !
 I ordered this roll-on perfume oil in the most basic of scents - vanilla . I am amazed at how much this DOES NOT SMELL LIKE VANILLA . How hard can it be?No one , after smelling this , would even say , `` It kind of reminds me of a cheap vanilla candle . '' That 's how far off it is . For this to smell like a $ 1 candle would be a huge improvement . It smells like clouds of baby powder and artificial sweetener.The `` Vanilla '' sent is putridly sweet and powdery dry . There is no note of the warm milkiness that you expect from even a poor quality vanilla scent . It does n't smell yummy and edible . It smells nasty and chemical immediately upon application . I wanted to wash it off immediately but I gave it a chance . Upon drydown the powder smell becomes totally overpowering . After a few hours the whole effect faded significantly but not enough for me to avoid washing my wrists to escape it.I gave it one star because zero stars was not an option .
 Very synthetic ! It 's very hard to nail a true jasmine scent , and Auric Blends fails to measure up . Since ordering this roll-on , I have discovered a jasmine scent named `` Zen '' by Indikah . Now that is fantastic jasmine !
 I can not STAND the smell of this . I love the smell of coconut ... but this is not it . Overpowering and just flat rank .
 I do n't know why everyone is complaining about the faint smell . Yes , it is faint when you open the bottle cap and sniff it . Once you dab it on you - just a quarter size and let it sit and go into your skin , the fragrance will start to grow . Initially when you first buy the perfume , you may need to put on about 12 '' of it on your body to detect the scent . Then go out for a day or so -LRB- walk around in the fresh air -RRB- and you 'll start to notice the scent . After your nose can delineate between the fresh air and the scent , you 'll notice that the scent is actually quite strong . Later , just a dab will last you 48 hours - through showers and repeated hand washing / dish washing.This fragrance reminds me of my Kindergarten teachers and older women in their late 30s up to 60s wearing this stuff . This is definitely not for women in their 20s , as it smells too `` motherly '' and `` married . '' It 's a comforting , sweet scent , but it smells old , as in a popular scent that we grew up with when we were little , so it lends itself as an older woman scent from the last generation .
 I read the reviews where people said they could n't smell anything . I took a chance and ordered anyways , thinking they must have had bad noses or had actually got used to the smell . I ordered two bottles . The first was okay . It did n't smell musky to me at all , just slightly earthy and very sweet . It was weak , and only lasted minutes on my skin -LRB- and my skin tends to hold musky/spicy/earthy smells well -RRB- . I asked several family members to smell where I had rolled it - nothing.The second bottle ... I almost want to say it was just vegetable oil , but it had a slight burnt rubber smell to it . Maybe it was a bad bottle , I dunno , but I wish someone had smelled it before they sent it to me , because it was obviously something wrong with it . Even the texture of the oil felt wrong , if that makes sense.All these reviews really got me hopeful , and I 'm so disappointed . I would send them back if I actually had the receipt , time , and energy to do so . I just had my first daughter and the post office is so far away ! Argh !
 I did n't use this product . I returned for refund as well as a large bottle of the same fragrance . I was so disapointed that it smelled more like cooking oil rather than the exotic aroma described . Amazon did refund promptly which I appreciated but I hate to have to return things .
 The scent is barely detectable . It 's as if I 'm not wearing anything at all , and I have a very sensitive nose . The `` oil '' is very sticky/gummy on the skin too .
 I seriously could n't smell a thing . Had my teenage daughter smell it too and she could n't smell it either . However , my teenage son yelled that the smell was horrible -- to not pack his lunch or touch anything of his while wearing it . Came out in a weird greasy way from roller . Threw it away .
 I have gotten many Auric Blends perfumes before and liked them alot , but always got them from a local store . Against my better judgement I decided to buy this one sight-unseen , or unsmelled as this case may be . I looked at the description for this scent on the auric blends website . The description makes it sound nice . It isnt . It smells like a mixture of those cinnamon pine-cones , bad yucky rose potpourri , some smoky smell -LRB- like the after smell of incense , which I usually like -RRB- baby powder and some other ungodly sweet compound -LRB- possibly jasmine/gardenia , which I also usually like -RRB- . The whole effect of the mixture is quite repelling . To make it worse , I think I am allergic to something in it because within seconds of applying it to my wrists and neck I began to feel hot , my wrists and neck turned red and got really itchy.All this being said I am sure that there are some that may thoroughly enjoy this perfume , I however am not among them . I would just suggest to anyone considering this specific scent to , if possible , search it out at a local store and actually smell before you buy .
 I was hoping that becuase this was an oil I would get something that smelled like true lavender . Well , I was sadly disappointed when I received the item . It has hardly any notes of lavender in it and smells more like old French-milled soap . The smell is n't horrible & it lasts but it was what I had expected . I had used the vanilla and coconut oils before and they were true to their scents so I was hoping for the same on this Lavender oil .
 Great shipping , the product arrived days before the estimated date . However , I was very disappointed with the oil . I wonder if they sent me an old bottle . The roller ball to apply it was stuck , and once I was able to get the oil out , I could hardly smell anything .
 ... either that or marzapan ! Do n't get me wrong I love , love both types of sweets but I do n't want to smell like either one . The first time I wore Black Coconut someone walked into our office and said , ` you ladies are always baking something ' . Unfortunatley , we did not have any baked goods in the office that day . I bought this scent because someone here said it smelled like the beach or suntan oil/lotion and thought that is what I am looking for in a summer scent -LRB- and I live on the beach , so again I thought , perfect -RRB- . This left me smelling like a bakery . I was not going for smelling like food items , the pantry or my local bakery/cafe . These are also thick oils and thick scents which I do n't mind but others may .
 i was trying to experiment with different brands and love honeysuckle . but when i got this product , it smells like shampoo or soap . i was very disappointed . i asked a few other people and they said the same thing . nothing flowery about this scent at all . do not waste your money
 I am still on the search for a real coconut scent ... this one was too musty ... not my favorite ... I know that it is just a matter of personal preference ... and if you are looking for a real coconut smell ... this is not going to be it . .
 This smells not even remotely close to sandalwood . I have been wearing sandalwood for years and recently have not been able to find it anywhere locally , but I struck out by purchasing this . Well , the search continues ...
 Darn ! I 'm so disappointed because I really had hopes this would smell like the Patchouli of days gone by . Unfortunately , it does n't . The oil is thick and goes on smoothly with the roller ball but I detect no Patchouli fragrance . I even tested it with my husband who absolutely adores Patchouli
 I thought I 'd try this based on some lovely reviews , but sadly this was n't for me . Gave me a man kinda smell . Not what I was going for . Had to toss . A little strong and headache-inducing as well . Ishall stick with their Egyptian Goddess Blend , which is soft and feminine on me .
 As others have said , this scent goes on very light . The first time I applied , it was very faint and lasted a few minutes . I reapplied a few times before I got a good concentration of fragrance . It smells a little spicy , musky , a little powdery , a little floral , a bit medicinal . I think of older women when I smell this by itself.I did try layering with my everyday perfume , and it added more musk and spiciness , which I thought was lacking . I like the scent but I 'm still on the fence and will need to get a second opinion later . I do n't think I 'll be buying this again .
 I bought the vanilla scent and upon opening it for the first time , I noticed a pervasive artificial strawberry scent , similar to that of the original Strawberry Shortcake doll made in the mid 1980s . I could still smell the vanilla fragrance under the strawberry , and I thought that maybe the scent was from the packaging rather than from the oil so I applied some of the oil . The strawberry scent was still present , and did not fade with time . Just to be sure I was n't imagining things , I tried the oil again today and it still has the artificial and unpleasant strawberry scent .
 I was very disappointed in this . It actually stinks . I do n't smell Jasmine at all , unless Jasmine is a sweaty hippie . Gross .
 Nothing tropical about this scent . The vendor accepted this back and stated that the Auric Blends scents have receieved significant negative feedback . Do not waste your money on this product .
 Ok so I received this item quickly and in good condition , kudos to shipper . But I do not care for the scent . I did n't like the smell from the bottle and neither from the back of my hand where I placed a small amount . It smells like a funeral pallor or something funky , there is a dominant scent perhaps Lilly , sorry , not for me . To be fair I will try on pulse point to see if there is an improvement , which I doubt . I will come back and update if something changes . This will be gifted to another .
 bonjour et merci pour la livraison parfaite qui est arrivee a temps :-RRB- ... sauf que le produit ne correspond pas du tout avec le musk white que je recherche et que je connais depuis que je suis petite ... j' en ai commande a 2 endroits diff&eacute;rents pour voir la difference mais l'odeur est identique :-LRB- je suis d&eacute;u ! si quelqu'un peut me dire ou trouver du vrai Musk White se serai super gentil de votre part et je re-ferai un essais mais surement pas celui de Auric Blends : -LRB-
 To me the smell is annoying . I mixed it with another scent . I expected a soft scent . The scent made my head hurt .
 This roll on perfume is not my type . I will no longer buy products just on good reviews . I can barely smell it . Not worth it , sorry and I 'm usually not picky but this is awful .
 The site may have a technical issue . That is , no matter what scent you pick from the dropdown box , you will get the one love scent in your order . Please check your order carefully before you place the order !!! They do n't want to refund my order if i do n't return it . I do n't want to waste my time to go to the post office etc just for a few bucks . but it really is disappointing . The one love scent is too sweet and like cheap lipsticks from one dollar store ...
 Smells cheap like Irish Spring . One star for the convenient size and to carry around in purse , Can not believe someone was on a Tova website talking about this stuff ... Her father must own the company .
 I was actually sent the wrong perfume . The company sent me a Patchouli scent , which I normally love , but what I got was terrible . I put a little bit on my hands and wound up having to wash my hands several times just to get the smell off.It was too strong and really did n't smell good at all . If they made Patchouli smell bad , I do n't even want to think what they could do with the Egyptian Musk .
 I decided to purchase this perfume based on the great reviews written but unfortunately , it is just was not what I was hoping for . The scent is so light , I feel as if I have to literally douse myself to smell anything . I am suspecting that the item that I got is an old batch .
 I was very dissipointed at how synthetic this smells.I have used divine opium incense and loved it . I assumed the perfume oil would smell as good as the incense i was wrong .
 I bought this for my wife . We both really liked the Patchouli scent we remembered from years ago . Unfortunately this did not measure up . It had a sharp industrial smell to it like oil used on machining tools like lathes and milling machines . Maybe if you were Tim Taylor from Tool Time you might like it . I wonder if it is just defective becuase I can not imagine anyone really liking it.We were very disappointed .
 I wanted to like this , I really did . I ordered Black Coconut expecting a natural coconut scent that would take me to a warm and tropical place and was convinced it would take me there from some of the reviews about this particular scent.It finally arrives and I excitedly open it and take a whiff and . . it smells synthetic . REALLY synthetic . I 'm talking Glade plug-in air freshener synthetic . I was highly disappointed at how synthetic and artificial this smells ! Because it was an oil , I was expecting it to be composed in a more natural scent -LRB- especially because coconut oil exists ! -RRB- but this literally smells like a coconut version of car freshener and you know you ca n't expect a natural scent out of those.I received this roll-on three weeks ago and tried to give it an honest chance by wearing it on my wrist and allowing it to heat up -LRB- as Egyptian Goddess taught me , a little heat can create magic ! -RRB- but even when my body warmed it up and let ts scent disperse , I was seriously far from impressed.If synthetic scents are your thing and you do n't mind an artificial coconut scent , then I 'm sure this will be for you . But in my case , I find this smells terrible . I suppose I got what I paid for considering how cheap it 's priced . . :-LRB- *** COCO MANGO *** I ordered Coco Mango and Black Coconut and received them 3 weeks ago in the mail . While I was seriously disappointed with Black Coconut , Coco Mango was definitely the winner of the order . It 's great in comparison to Black Coconut but to be honest , the scent by itself is n't impressive either . You can smell the scent of artificial coconut in this roll-on , but mango is n't exactly what I smell along with it . I warn you , the scents are quite artificial so you may not receive what you 're expecting when it comes to scents from natural sources like fruits and flowers.The scent is . . sweet , but overly sweet . Sickly sweet , if that 's a good way to describe it . It 's also very strong so if you get this , I recommend using it sparingly . I honestly do n't really care for the overly sweet scent -LRB- and this is coming from a fan of Aquolina 's Pink Sugar ! Irony ! -RRB- so I either use it extremely rarely and sparingly or not at all.I suppose I ca n't really roll with this roll-on because of how synthetic it smells ; when it comes to smelling nice , I want to smell natural , even if the scent is far from natural - unnaturally natural ! But when I used Coco Mango and Black Coconut , I felt like I smelled like one of those cheap car air fresheners you get while paying your gas money to a store clerk.I wanted to love Coco Mango especially in comparison to Black Coconut . But it has not wowed me . It 's . . decent.I had way better success with Egyptian Goddess , though !
 Honestly , you can tell it 's a nice-smelling perfume because of the occasional hints of fragrance that come out of the bottle , but they 're so rare that you 're really left with what some other reviewers described as car oil smell , which I guess is like the basis oil the perfume uses . I do n't know , I threw it out . Not buying any more Auric Blends .
 I SO wanted to like this fragrance - but it smells like aftershave ! Made me a bit sick to my stomach as well ... another reviewer was right - a VERY little goes a long way . I faired a bit better with the Opium scent - but I wo n't be wearing it . I ordered one more
 So I just received my blck coconut roll-on , and was so excited to try it because I LOVE all things coconut , and I 'm disappointed to say the least . Its almost sickeningly sweet , and I really do n't sense that much coconut . It almost smells syrupy . I put it on though because oils can smell different on the body then it does in the jar . 4 hours later and its still pretty sweet ... not as bad as it was when I first put it on , but definitely smelling even less like coconut . I thought I would be getting a true tropical warm scent from the description ... -LRB- pure coconut with a bit of spice -RRB- but , alas , I go right back to the bubble_gum scents of junior high when I smell this . Does anyone have any recommendations for a TRUE coconut scent ? -LRB- Nutty , creamy , musky , and warm smelling -RRB- I 'm willing to try anything ! But id rather stick with the all natural oils for their longevity .
 While I like the scent , it 's just not strong enough . I do n't recommend that you purchase this item . Hopefully , the manufacturer will read these comments and improve the scent 's strength .
 I agree with the others that it does smell really good , however , the smell is so weak that i cant hardly smell it . The oil seems very thick as well and i have to rub it into my skin . I tried shaking it , but still very weak scent .
 I bought this scent because of the enthusiastic reviews , and according to the manufacturer 's website -LRB- Auric Blends -RRB- it 's wildly popular . I bought the roll on and wanted very much to like it , but , unfortunately , this one is not for me . I was expecting a warm , powdery , floral musk and instead I get a very sharp , watery -LRB- muguet ? -RRB- , floral with no soft , warm musky tones at all . Unfortunately this type of scent gives me headaches . Way too much of a bite ! It 's too bad - I was really looking forward to wearing this scent . -LRB- maybe I got a bad bottle ? or maybe it was mislabeled ? -RRB- Not for me , thanks !
 Does n't smell like coconuts . Smells very synthetic , nauseatingly sweet and plasticky . Not at all how I imagined it would be . Ca n't recommend this one , not even for teens .
 I love the smell of this perfume , but I am very unhappy with the product I received . I have purchased Auric blends at my local Whole Foods in the past and wanted to try the `` Love '' scent , so I ordered it from Amazon . I am deeply disappointed by my purchase . It seems as though there was manufacturing error with the bottle -LRB- perhaps the rolling ball was too small ? -RRB- and over a couple of days the entire contents of the bottle leaked out into my purse . Now my purse smells nice , but I have an empty bottle of perfume and a large oil stain on my bag . Not happy at all . Hoping the company will replace the bottle with one that does n't leak . If only they would replace my purse as well . Ugh .
 I have been using Egyptian Goddess for at least about 7 years and I thought I would order from amazon rather than the auric blends site because it was free shipping and a little cheaper . . So disappointed !! The scent is somehow different and even when I opened the package it had a different oiled scent as if one spilled over it ? It just so happened to also smell like patchouli which I ca n't stand !! I will no longer order from this site for that I KNOW what it should smell like and I do n't know if it 's old or what but that is not the Egyptian goddess I have been getting I will spend the extra few dollars and go to the real site !
 Should have listened to the reviewers who said this smells like baby powder and nothing like sandalwood . Wo n't be buying this again .
 I purchased this locally and decided to order this here because it was cheaper ... I 'm very disappointed ... it does n't smell right at all . . now I 'm stuck with 4 bottles ... I will never buy it here again .
 The smell is definitely not what I was hoping for . It smells horrid to me . Like baby powder and hair products , not the great smelling hair products either . It 's an annoying smell that hangs around strongly all day , that smells .
 I bought this based on the popularity & reviews . But it 's not for me . It smells like your typical scented oil at a head shop .
 I do n't like a lot of fruity scents but this one is really nice . I like this one alot ! I meant to put 5 stars but I am just learning how to do reviews ! This is a 5 Star Scent !
 I chose to get the Egyptian Goddess since it seemed to have good reviews but I must have an extremely different idea of what good smells like . I opened it and without smelling it first just rolled a little bit on my arm , I smelled like an old lady all day -LRB- no offense intended -RRB- . Right after I put it on this really sexy guy I work with walks in and says it smells weird in here what is that !? I showed him the scent and the disgust on his face said it all lol . Then of course I figured it 'll fade soon enough but no I could smell it for hours so I said screw this I need to wash my wrists . Even then I could kind of smell it and I do n't have smelling like a dog it was just that bad . When I got home that night I had my grandma and mom see of they liked it and the look on their face was priceless haha , I need to send this crap back . Otherwise its one of those gifts you give out for xmas to someone you do n't exactly like .
 ` forbidden desire ' reeked of old lady smell it was horrible ! but Im interested in trying ` egyptian goddess ' does it smell bad too ??
 This oil has no scent at all ... what a waste of money !!!! it seriously smells just like vegetable oil ... i do n't know what they gave me but this oil does n't smell good or like anything at ail
 This stuff does n't smell anything like sandalwood . It smells like old 1970 's Avon thats been in storage for 40 years . GROSS . I would give it zero stars if I could .
 I ordered Night Queen fragrance and received something marked Night Queen but it is not . I have used it for years and am sorely disappointed .
 This product was affordable , but does n't smell like sandalwood at all . I was very disappointed , but I suppose you get what you pay for .
 I purchased the Jasmine scent because I wanted to try something new -LRB- my signature smell is `` Aphrodesia '' by Song of India -RRB- , but I 'm totally underwhelmed by the smell . Well actually , its a pretty overwhelming smell , but it does n't register as Jasmine to me . My dad -LRB- who is in his 60s , and who 's senses are n't as sharp as they used to be -RRB- thinks it smells amazing -LRB- I think it makes me smell like a hotel bathroom -LRB- y' know that generic soap/air freshener smell ? -RRB- -RRB- , but my boyfriend -LRB- who is a big fan of my usual scented oil -RRB- ca n't seem to smell it at all , so I 'm quite dumbfounded . When the package arrived , it was clad in bubble wrap along with a free box of incense cones -LRB- my dad was thrilled -RRB- , but the container somehow leaked during transport , and just reeked . I had to wash my hands several times to get the smell off them . When I put it on , I kept forgetting , and so would periodically wonder what the terrible smell was . I do n't think I 'm gon na get this again , and I feel bad , but I 've considered never purchasing from this brand again . Perhaps I 'm just a Song of India gal through and through ...
 So they were cheap and I wanted a new perfume so after reading the reviews and the scent details I ordered both Coco Mango and Majik.Majik - Smells icky , powdery in a bad way and like an old lady . It gets in your nose and burns , it takes a while to get rid of the gross stench even initial washing it off does n't help much . I hoped after an hour or two the powdery icky old lady smell would diminish into something I could stand but it did n't it just smelled bad and continued to smell bad . Seriously it stinks bad ! I would not recommend this to anyone , even if I did n't like them . Even at the cheap price it is n't worth it and it definitely smells cheap.Coco Mango - Smells pretty good , kind of tropical and its not too heavy of a scent however it does n't last long either . After an hour or so you ca n't even smell it anymore not even on pulse points . So while it smells good expect to have to reapply it multiple times in a day if you want anyone to be able to smell it . Okay considering the cheap price and what perfume costs , but kind of a pain to have to reapply multiple times in a day , of course it does come in a easy to apply container that would fit well in a purse even a small one.Packaging - Both items came packaged well and neither was broken .
 Maybe I got a bad bottle ? This smells like plastic or rubber . I smell a faint musk underneath , but the predominant note is rubber . Too bad - after all the great reviews I was thinking that this would smell wonderful . Maybe it just does n't mix well with my body chemistry , or as I said earlier , maybe I just got a bad batch .
 Take the cap off and sniff , and you 'll get a light whiff of this perfume . Not bad , really . But , roll it on and the scent disappears . I 've used it several times and the result is the same ... nothing . I can only think that it is just too weak to have a scent when spread thinly on the skin . I am aware that an individual 's personal chemistry can affect perfumes , but I expect some scent , even if different once applied . Disappointing , to say the least , and I am afraid I can not recommend this product .
 i got this item after reading all the reviews . I wasnt impressed with the scent , reminded me of an old closet smell , i 'm 34yrs old and enjoy a variety of both subtle and pronounced scents but this wasnt fresh smelling at all . I ended up mixing with another oil perfume i had so i wouldnt waste it .
 i ordered this perfume because i loved a frangrance that bath & body used to sell as `` Sandalwood Vanilla '' . When i received this perfume and applied it i was shocked that it smelled NOTHING like i expected . i found it cloyingly overpowering and much too floral-y . Perhaps it was the way it interacted with my body chemistry , i 'm not sure , but i would n't recommend buying a scent you ca n't try before you buy .
 not good ; it does not have no smell , poor quality ... dont buy itAuric Blends Egyptian Goddess Roll-On Perfume 1/3 oz
 I 'm disappointed it had leaked when it arrived & was only half full ... or perhaps it had been used or something.Yikes !
 I do n't normally give products one star , but this scent is awful . I ordered black coconut , and it smells like some horrible mix of rubber and chemicals . Maybe with a hint of coconut.So if you want to smell like a car tire that may or may not have run over a coconut , this is perfect !
 Review about `` Auric Blends Egyptian Goddess '' by Day Dream . . When I smell this once I got this product , I like smell , it 's light and stay about 4hours on my body but on 4th day when I open this bottle and I do n't get any scent smell , I thought I got cold but I asked my family members `` did you guys smell this ?? '' any scent smell is there ? my family members laugh on me so badly , and we realized no more scent smell and it 's `` just oil now '' in mostly above half of the bottle still remains ... do n't purchase this product by Day Dream.Yes I got Black opium from vendor name `` Xtremek '' , that perfume oil still nice smell but stay only 4 to 5hrs . . but do not buy this `` Auric Blends Egyptian Goddess '' from Day dream this is the my bad experience of this product ... . I tried similar products in India called `` Attar from Ratlam Aerochem is company name '' its nice one but bad luck that I do n't get online so , I try this product ... do n't waste money on this `` Auric Blends Egyptian Goddess '' . Smell gone after 4days , think if you plan to gift someone this product after 4days ???? ugghghhhhh ??? Smell gone after 4days just oil now ... Smell gone after 4days just oil now ... Smell gone after 4days just oil now ... - Thanks
 This product arrived open and had leaked out on everything else in the box . It smells like old lady perfume and is very overpowering . I had to throw the whole bottle out and wash my hands several times to remove the smell . It also gave me a headache as soon as I opened the box , it even stunk up my whole recycling box !
 I do n't like it at all , it has a good staying power though but is a flowery scent , not very strong but you can feel it . If you are into flowery scents then try it .
 This smells like a car air freshener , not a perfumed oil . I would stay away from this one if you are looking for a nice fragrance for you , unless you like to smell like that little pine tree that you see hanging from people 's rear view mirrors .
 This fragrance was not what I was expecting . It smells too musky and just blah . My boyfriend even said I smelled like an old lady . : / Not impressed .
 I bought this thinking it would be as fragrant as other oils that I have used . Not so . I put a small amount of this on right after I got it , which was fast , and you could smell it for a few minutes . Then nothing . I thought maybe I did n't put enough on , so I reapplied . Same thing happened , even though I used more the second time . I emailed the company to see if it was possible to get an out dated or bad batch . They wrote back and told me that their oils are n't like other ones and you need to apply it 4-5 times to get the fragrance to last . Does anyone else see something wrong with that ?! Seems ridiculous to me . Anyway , I 'm not going to send it back so I guess I 'll just use it when I want to smell it for a few minutes . Wish I would have known because I would n't have gotten it or done business with this company .
 This perfume smells wonderful , but I could only give it 2 stars because of how weak the scent is . It is very , very soft and only smellable if you put your nose right to your skin . I 'd give 5 stars if Auric Blends could turn the volume up some notches on this scent .
 This is the third scent I have tried from this company . This one does n't work either -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- . No musk smell at all and it ends up smelling like one of those car fresheners from the 60s - no kidding , just awful . I so wanted to like it - the handy roller bottles are neat !
 I made a mistake and ordered the wrong Chloe scent as a Christmas present for my daughter -- I guess she wanted the latest Chloe perfume and I neglected to clarify . Anyway ... Amazon is generally great about accepting returns , but when I tried to return this item I learned it was classified as a `` hazardous material '' and because of that it was not returnable . I ordered a whole bunch of stuff at the same time that I ordered the perfume , but I honestly do n't remember any kind of a warning or notice alerting me that this item could n't be returned . If there was one , then I missed it and I am certainly at fault.My experience with Amazon in the past has been great , but this left a bit of a bad taste .
 Well , I bought this perfume based on the recommendation of the salesperson at Macy 's . She said it was the # 1 seller in the store for a year . So , even though I was n't crazy about it in the store , I figured I wanted to be `` with it '' , and I bought it . Well , at home , I sprayed it on , and my 5-year-old son says `` Mom ! You smell like camping ! Like that stuff we spray on for bugs ! '' Needless to say , I have n't worn it since . Maybe it 's just my body chemistry with it . You should definitely try this on before you buy it -LRB- and maybe ask a kid for an opinion ! -RRB- . I gave two stars because the bottle is unique .
 Just got this as a gift from someone who loves it . It is so strong , perfumy , like you are drenched in fragrance . I 'm not surprised people get complimented because there is no question you are wearing perfume !
 The bottle I received from my fiance , though it was wrapped and in a real box , was a FAKE.The color of the bottle was two shades too dark-it was almost red-and had particles embedded in the glass ; the box was cut open , the lining removed , and glued back together and re-wrapped . When I sprayed it on , I was hit immediately by the aroma of rubbing alcohol . When it hit my skin , it burned . Save your sanity and health , and go buy it in person from the Givenchy counter .
 I purchased this product as my own supply was getting low ... upon receipt ... it did n't appear to be the same thing ... the bottle was a slightly different design and color . . and the perfume did not smell the same ... I tested it on my skin ... on paper and on cloth ... it definately was not the same product ... it was either old , or a `` knock-off '' ... and it smells so bad ... it is not usable ...
 I got Very Irresistible by Givenchy Perfume as a gift for Christmas . As first smell , I loved it . Then I spritzed it and yikes ! That was 2 months ago and I still have the scent on me.It 's too flowery -- it 's not a clean , fresh scent . More of a `` I sprayed a little too much potpouri in here '' scent . Not for people with mild allergies to perfumes either !!!
 I bought `` Very Irresistable '' by Givenchy from this selller and the perfume looked and smelled different . The smell was horrible ! It smelled like a car freshner instead of perfume . Wasted $ 50 . NOT WORTH IT .
 It 's not an original product . They stole me . The internal pack was open , it does n't smell like the original that my wife have .
 I bought this after reading good reviews for occasional adult acne and specially to control the production of oil . I also expected help with first sings of aging -LRB- I am in my late 20 's -RRB- . I 've been using it daily for a month and a half and I do not notice any difference in my skin , I have not gotten acne but my face is as oily as before and new whiteheads have appeared . The fine lines look the same . The concentration of Glycolic acid seems to small to actually make a difference . I would not recommend this , and definitely too expensive for a tonic that does not seem to be much different from a drugstore $ 8 one .
 I like the product and have been using it for years . I 've ordered off the internet a few times before and the boxes of perms were always packed well enough to not get broken open in shipment . This company put about 8 packing peanuts in the bottom of a box of 4 perms and one perm box was smashed . The perm solutions were all over the other boxes and ruined salvaging anything from the broken box . The cost is not worth returning and the time and effort in contacting the vendor and complaining .
 The perm box looked old -LRB- yellowed -RRB- when I received it . The cap on the perm solution was loose . The solution was grayish -LRB- supposed to be white -RRB- . Luckily I was able to find the same product at a local CVS store . The perm turned out great so I recommend the Olgilvy perm . However , I would not order any product from `` Health and Beauty and More for Less '' because of this experience .
 I have used Ogilvie perms for several years - starting with the hard to wave and now that I am , er , older and need to color treat my hair to keep from feeling older , I have twice used the one for color treated hair . I used it six months ago when I was using a temporary color -LRB- Clairol Natural Instincts -RRB- that lasts a certain number of shampoos . I did accidentally overprocess the perm though I had only used 12 minutes , so watch the amount of time and the size of the rods - you might need to go with larger rods or less time than you 've done in the past . This time I used the perm exactly two weeks after using Clairol 's Nice 'n' easy permanent color . I was stunned to see my hair color bleed off and onto the cotton roll I had wrapped around my hairline ... not all the color came off , but enough to make the gray noticeable . Also Ogilvie does n't provide a conditioner to use after you 've neutralized the perm , so unless you want to chance a conflict of products , you just have to put up with coarse rough feeling hair until you shampoo and condition in 48 hours .
 I personally was n't pleased with this product . I can not speak from the other scents as I have only used the Lavenders scented from this brand . I put the amount on the bottle in the flow of the water and used my hand to splash around in the water to build the suds and unfortunately it did n't produce a whole lot . On top of that they went away very fast compared to pretty much every other brand I have used . The smell was pleasent and I did appreciate that . Unfortunately , after about 2 weeks use my daughter developed a rash all over her lower body - literally the rash line stopped right around where the water line in the bath tub usually sits on her skin . We went several days ruling out any and everything that could have caused the issue and it came down to the bubble bath being the last thing on the list that could of caused it.Others may enjoy this product my myself personally it just was n't worth it and we switched to her old bubble bath .
 Sorry , but I was told the smell was great and it does smell good , but my goodness , just use a little bit , otherwise you 'll have a greasy mop !
 I have used this perfume for over 10 years . It used to be my sister 's favorite . But this latest bottle smells not quite right . Too soft , if that makes sense ?
 This product should be taken off the market !!!!! I had , I repeat had beautiful hair until now ! I am devastated ! I lost so much hair and what hair i have left is either broken off or severely damaged . I ca n't believe it .
 I used this product and at least half of my hair fell out ! I followed the instructions and everything perfectly . This product should be taken off of the market forever . I would never recommend this to anyone . Please do not use this stuff it 's toxic and what is left of my hair is damaged very badly . I have since spent over $ 100 trying to repair the damage that this $ 10 box did to my hair and I had to have 5 inches cut off of my hair on top of that . Contact me anytime .
 this did n't work well for me . since i had previously permed hair , i was terrified to leave it in for longer than 5 minutes -LRB- this is the box 's specified time -RRB- . my hair is still pretty curly .
 This product damaged my hair . My hair fell out and since I have short hair I do n't have much to cut off . A friend told me about this product . I think it should be removed forever . I followed the directions properly and wish I never used it . After many leave in conditioners nothing will be able to restore the damage that this product has done . I literally bought a wig to wear until my hair grows out . Do not buy
 I USED THIS PRODUCT ON SAT . NITE BY SUN . MORNING MY HAIR WAS FALLING OUT BY THE HANDFULLS !!! WORST PRODUCT I HAVE EVER USED !
 I used this kit to try to at least get some of the frizz out of my hair . Since my hair is very frizzy and curly , I did not expect my hair to end pin straight , but I did hope to see some improvement . To me , the smell was not as bad as many people say ; just about as bad as any hair coloring kit smells . I followed all of the instructions exactly as they were written , but in the end my hair is about twice as frizzy and not straightened at all . I also can not brush my hair because the brush will not go through parts of my hair without ripping out the hair . I only lost a little bit of hair during the actual `` straightening '' process , but I will lose a lot more now if I force a brush through . From the other reviews , it sounds like this product will work for some people , but it did not for me .
 I bought this product and used it about a month ago - followed every direction perfectly . My hair seems slightly straighter , but it did absolutely nothing for the frizz . My hair seems to get knotted much easier now and my ends are dry and damaged -LRB- going to have to cut them off soon -RRB- . But the worst part is that it made me lose A LOT of hair . When I was using the product , I noticed a lot of hair falling out . Now I can feel a lot of short stubble if I run my hands through my hair near my scalp . Obviously the product made lots of my hair fall out or break off . DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT !!
 This product damaged my hair badly . I followed the instructions exactly , leaving it on for the minimum amount of time . Now I am keeping my hair short to quickly grow out all the split ends . I think that women should just accept their hair the way it is . Everyone looks better with their natural texture , anyway !
 I have used these perms for years and never before failed to have them work . My fingers could notget enough waving lotion out of the bottle to get a perm . My hair ended up awful . Barbara Nordman
 I 've been doing perms for over 4o years and this has to be the absolute worst perm I have ever used on someone . It did n't take , it dried out this person 's hair and just looked nasty . I 'm very disappointed as Ogilvie has always done well for me and my hair as well as others I 've used this on . Either this was an expired perm or the foam is awful . I 'll never use the foam perm again .
 I tried LaPerla once while shopping in duty free . The fragance is not quite as I recall it . While it has some pleasant undertones , it is quite harsh when first applied . If I had to do over , I would not order this product .
 I have hard to curl hair and after a long time of browsing through products I settled on this one . Long story short
 I do not like this product even though others gave it good reviews . It has chemicals and dyes and I feel it is not worth the money .
 What is the difference in the 4 oz tube of Pernox and the 5 oz bottle of Pernox Lotion ? They both say scrub , but the bottled one has `` lotion '' tacked on . Which one of these products is everyone using ?
 Tova used to be wonderful . i would put this on in the morning and it would last all day . i would be at the grocery store after working all day and someone would say , `` You smell good . What is that ? '' The fragrance was lasting and very unique ; not like any other . It has not been the same for some time now ; the scent is like alcohol . When you spray it on it only lasts for a few minutes and then is gone . Tova ! bring back the other formula .
 This smells like a drug store brand perfume . It 's not awful but I was disappointed after reading so many great reviews . I 'm a perfume nut and I tend to buy a new one every few months . I just was n't impressed with this one
 This product is awful ! It comes in a 3-step system , with the shampoo being the first step . Apparently , the 1st step is all you need for thinning hair . I thought this product was supposed to HELP thinning hair ?! Nope ! It CAUSES it ! I have thinning hair and decided to try this . Well , each time I used the shampoo , my hair started coming out in clumps ! When I use Head & Shoulders shampoo , my hair is just fine . After a few tries with this Regenetresse shampoo , I knew it was the shampoo and not my hair that was the problem . So , if you want to go bald eventually , go ahead and buy this product . If you have thinning hair , however , you would have much better luck with some Head & Shoulders shampoo followed by Rogaine . The other 2 steps of the program did n't do anything for me .
 I just put this on my eyes for this first time tonight - the pressure on my eyes was so great I had extremely frightening blurry vision for an hour after I took it off -LRB- only left it on for 5 minutes -RRB- . I guess I can try to use it on my head even though I do not suffer from headaches or sinus problems . There is no scent at all , so it 's no more relaxing than a plain old hand towel . Very disappointed . They falsely advertise this product .
 CONS : The beads are too heavy for my eyesslides out of placethe Velcro gets stuck in my curly hairnot soft enough for my sensitive facedoes n't block out all the lightPROS : like the brand
 I was so excited to see this on Amazon as I can no longer find it locally . Much to my dismay this one does have the lavender and chamomile , despite what the title and photo indicate -LRB- wish I had read the reviews before ordering rather than trusting the listing -RRB- . I have used the pillow with lavender and chamomile for years and loved it -LRB- this would have been my fourth one -RRB- . So disappointed this is n't it . I went to the Earth Therapeutics website and it appears they do not offer it any more . I 'll probably be returning this one , it just is n't the same .
 I can not actually rate the quality of this product as Amazon did not send me the correct one . I ordered the one above , with lavender and chamomile , but received a different one . Amazon will not offer a means to exchange this product , only the refund . I should have gone with another seller/company .
 As much as I wanted to love this product , I ca n't stand the nasty smell it gives off.It stays warm for about 15 minutes , which is fine , but the odor it gives off , somewhere between burnt popcorn and dead skunk , it just too much .
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT WHAT IS ADVERTISED.This was ordered for as a gift . I suffer from sever migraines . Knowing that the heat combined with the scent of lavender and chamomile would sooth my migraines I was excited . Until I opened the gift and realized that Amazon falsely advertized the product . There is NO lavender and chamomile . Not only does the title mislead you but , the photograph does too . We tried to contact Amazon about their mistake , but found no way , other than maybe getting a refund .
 i received the perfum after 3 days of ordering it . i was amazed by how fast i received the package , the problem began when i tested the perfum , it smells like pure alcohol , i am very dissapointed of the quality of the product , it seems like a cheap imitation that i can easily find on the streets for 10 dollars or less , i had the original ferragamo before and the one i received is nothing compared to the original ferragamo , i am very dissapointed
 Absolutely no fragrance added . Has a very chemical / musty smell like the shampoo . It 's embarrassing to have your head smell like this . I had to throw both away . Very disappointed
 I was looking forward to finally finding a product that truely smelled like coconuts ... but this was a huge dissapointment ... it isnt even listed on the ingredients !!
 I have thick porous hair . This product is not for me . I didnt notice any noteworthy shine , my hair didnt feel soft after using this conditioner either . I will not be using again . I cant speak for how it will work for people who have fine and thinner hair but it sure didnt work for my thick and porous mane ! Will not order again . Waste of my money .
 This shampoo was terrible for my hair . I could only use it for 1 week before I had to throw it away and get special repair products to mend my parched locks . I do n't know how much color lock it has - seems irrelevant if my hair felt so awful after using it . I also had the conditioner and threw that away too .
 I had a chemical spill in my bathroom & ended up tossing my usual Ion bleach to be on the safe side . Instead of replacing the big bottle of developer & bucket of powder , I got the Manic Panic flash lightening kit . I was too nervous to leave it on for longer than 45 minutes but that took me close to pale blonde . It also left my scalp itchy and dry for days . My hair appreciated it even less than my scalp did . My hair is still in a fairly fragile way -LRB- even though it 's been over a week since -RRB- , I have to be so careful of breakage . Is it worse than the average brand of bleach ? Probably not but I 'm still going back to Ion sensitive scalp developer 30v which does n't hurt my scalp as much and was easier for my hair to recover from .
 First of all , I have never dyed my hair before , but I knew what to expect because I 've done my research . I was expecting this product to have semi-good instructions . I was WRONG . The instructions were vague , and it told me to `` Add enough developer . '' How much is enough ?! Half the bottle ? The whole bottle ? Barely any ? Well , once I added what I thought was `` enough '' , I applied it to my hair . Such a mistake . It immediately began to burn and itch . I took it out after ten minutes and my hair is stringy and fried , and a terrible orangutan orange . I am extremely disappointed with this product .
 I was excited when I bought this product , I usually bleach my hair with the bleaching kit in Splat Hair dye -LRB- which works wonderfully -LSB- for me -RSB- -RRB- and I thought it 'd be good to go and try new things ... well when I used this product it did n't do much at all -LRB- I have naturally black hair -RRB- . I had left it in my hair for longer than the box said to because I figured I 'd have to wait longer because my hair is so dark . The product burned my scalp and damaged my hair worse than usual , the tips of my hair were rubber-like . I do n't recommend Manic Panic unless you 're coloring it some crazy color
 mixed product as directed & applied to my bangs , which i intended to dye a deep red . product did not say how long to leave on black hair so i followed the directions for the dark brown hair . i only left the product on for 30 minutes . please keep in mind that my hair was -LRB- yes , i said WAS -RRB- in a good , healthy condition ... as i was rinsing the product from my hair , i noticed quite a bit of hair in the sink that had fallen out . after towel-drying my hair , i combed it & my bangs that had hung down further than my armpits were all broken off -LRB- more like fried off -RRB- to chin level ... almost 3 inches !!! i was n't sure what to do because of the damage so i called a friend that is a licensed stylest . she came over & we dyed it red as was intended , however , due to the extensive damage & stripping caused by this product , my hair is now a horrid orangey-pink kinda color -LRB- extremely similar to a clowns wig -RRB- . & because my hair is now so damaged , even she , being a licensed stylest , said that there was n't anything that could be done about the color until the hair had some time to heal . i do n't believe i have ever been so disappointed with a product in all my life ...
 Manic Panic is the worst dye I 've ever come across , but the bleach is the worst there 's no way to not hit your scalp if you want good results , however you will receive a free skin peel on your scalp . Please do not use it is unsafe , try punky color or hot topic .
 this soap burns it broke me out in blemish marks.it may work for you but it didnt work for me an it took me using this soap for 2 days to see this one time aday.have a back plan for when it does n't work .
 If you see a rave review of this soap on here that 's prior to the winter of 2009 , then they are talking about the old salicylic acid version of the soap and NOT the new formulation.I never really had acne in highschool but when I got college aged , I began breaking out on my face , chest and back . I went to a prominent dermatologist and this is one of the things he recommended I use . I 'm in my 40 's now and until recently I used this soap every day in the shower . I had n't had any real break outs for years and years.A bar of this soap generally lasted me a couple of months and I 'd stocked up with several bars so had n't bought any for approximately six months . When I ran out and went to buy more , I noticed the box was different but did n't think too much of it . Within a few days of using the soap in the new box , I knew something was very wrong . My face felt hot and itchy . It looked almost sunburned and the texture was sort of rough , like nothing I 'd ever had before . I still happened to have one of the boxes of the old version of the soap and noticed the formulation was a 5 % salicylic acid . I compared it to the new box and noted it 's now made with a 5 % benzoyl peroxide solution!I called the company and was told that they had bought the Steiffel lab company in the fall of 2009 and would no longer be making the salicylic acid version of the soap.I did some research and found that Clinique makes a similar .5 % salicylic acid version so I bought two bars of it . I do n't like it quite as much as my old standby but it 's still very good and my face is back to normal . Unfortunately , it costs almost twice as much per bar but it 's still less expensive than many other treatments out there , it 's simple to use and it works so I feel it 's a worthy investment.I also found that Aveeno has a bar using salicylic acid called `` Clear Complexion Cleansing Bar '' . It was very inexpensive and I noticed it 's available in lots of different stores where I live . I bought a bar of it but have n't tried it yet . I 'll try to remember to review it as soon as I have used it for a couple of weeks or so.My advice
 The product may have been old when I got it because my skin felt sticky . I had to wash it off becuse it was too uncomfortable . I love their products and the smell was good on this one , but the consistency was too thick and not smooth like their other butters . Hard to be fair on this one , I 'm not sure I 'd buy another without testing this particular one first .
 The product delivered was totally different from that displayed/sold on the net and also at a lower price .
 My daughter has asked me to try to find an oil-free moisturizer for her skin , since she gets breakouts when using regular lotions . -LRB- She is sixteen , so the breakouts may be inevitable , but swimming in a chlorinated pool dries her skin enough that she needs lotion . -RRB- Not sure whether such a thing existed , I searched Amazon and found this product , listed as `` Keri Advanced Moisture Therapy Extra Dry Skin Lotion , Enriched * Oil Free * Formula . `` This is not oil free ! That phrase appears nowhere on the bottle , so I assume the merchant -LRB- AmericaRx.com -RRB- chose to include the false phrase in its listing . Yet the fifth ingredient listed is petrolatum -LRB- or petroleum jelly -RRB- . I would not have purchased this item if I had known that it has the same constituents as the lotion I already own . I will now file a complaint with the merchant .
 The price of $ 46.00 is incorrect and is completely wrong !!!! This product can be purchased at Rite Aid for about $ 7.00 .
 I have been using this for about a week now . Im an 18 year old male and reading all of the stellar reviews I thought I would give it a try . Well ... all the way from my ear to my chin is a series of red bumps that look like pimples ready to break the surface . The funny thing is that I did n't think that it was that harsh when I was washing my face with it . I used the same lotion that I always do , my skin never peeled or flaked . Bottom line , I have stopped using it , and its been 2 days and I am going back to clean and clear acne kit . It may have worked for others , but I would not recommend this product at all , my skin has never ever looked this bad .
 This may be to strong for my skin . I used it on my chest but it did n't seem to work and made it worse
 The cost will inhibit further use of this product . I had hoped for a bigger size bar at those prices .
 UPDATE
 It made my face and d&eacute;collet&eacute; really dry and provoked pimples . I did n't have much of a problem with pimples before and only bought the soap to make the skin a bit smoother . The skin around the corners of my mouth got really really dry and started peeling -LRB- it 's very red -RRB- - that 's very visible and the problem is still there although I only used the bar like 4 times on the face and have n't used it for 3 days anymore . I guess it worked a bit on the back . Anyway , I wo n't use it anymore and would think twice if I were you .
 I 've tried multiple face washes ... AcneFree , ProActive , Clearasil , Neutrogena , and so many more . None worked . My doctor suggested something with benzoyl peroxide , so I stumbled upon Panoxyl . The first day I used it it worked great -- my skin was less greasy in the morning , and some of my pimples seemed to have disappeared . However the next day , the skin around the corners of my mouth and around my nose got really really dry and started peeling . I stopped using the product for several days , but the skin still remained dry , even when I put lotion on it.Also , my face started breaking out in weird rashes when I exercised and sweat , which was irritating . I do n't think this product really works well at all . My smaller breakouts have stopped , but I still have several monster pimples . It left my skin dry and irritated .
 gave my skin a rash , this is supposed to cure acne or to give you more acne ? I do not recommend this product at all . .
 Do not buy this product . It 's a waste of money . The best way to fight acne is :1 . Stop eating foods high in sugar .2 . Drinks lots of water .3 . Wash your face 2x a day with a gentle facial cleanser.If you follow these steps your face will clear up . Do n't waste your money on this product or any other acne product .
 I picked up the PanOxyl 10 % Bar when I could n't find the Foaming Wash at my local Wal-Mart which usually has the Foaming Wash of the same type , which I am still an enormous fan of , at a reasonable price . The bar was $ 4 cheaper as well so I figured hey , same thing but in a bar , why not right?Well , for reasons that I can not explain , my acne has never flared up so badly with a Benzoyl Peroxide medication . I ca n't remember the last time I had so many zits on my forehead and cheeks . The kind of zits that are stubborn too , they returned over and over again . I am under the impression that the medication 's tendency to dry the skin accelerated oil production . Even using a good lotion after application made no difference . Maybe there was something wrong in my routine I do n't know.Taking a look at the ingredients the two are different . Not my much , but they are different . Perhaps my skin just disliked something in the bar . Either way , I can not rate this product very highly for what it did to my face . I have since switched back to the PanOxyl Foaming Face Wash of the same grade and my skin has started clearing up again within a matter of a few days which makes me think something about the bar , whatever it was , just did n't get along with my skin . I am sure this bar will work miracles for most , but those of you who have some more sensitive skin like mine , try the Face Wash instead , it works wonderfully .
 i got this as a gift and i was chocking the first time i smell it , its very heavy not for day time . i am one of those who like cool water and i take it as my base in describing my personality . so if u r simple and like soft perfumes test this one in any mall before you order it .
 I should have known by the price , that this was too good to be true . -LRB- $ 13.49 for the 2.5 oz size ! -RRB- I was looking for a fragrance for my son , just starting High School , I read some other reviews and thought this fragrance would be perfect for a young man . I bought a tiny little bottle here on Amazon for him to try , it smelled great and he liked it . There is a reason this is so cheap , It must be really old or something because it smells EXACTLY like celery.The sprayer worked fine , although I can see where it would probably malfuntion , What a waste . So , unless you adore the smell of `` Celery '' , pass this bargain up !
 I found a fragrance in a high end department store and thought I could save a few bucks and order it from Tuccini . Bad idea ... . It smelled like strong celery , nothing like the product in the store . So , I proceeded to return it and they told me it smelled just like it was meant to . Pee hew !!! And so they would n't refund my money . Bad business ! Customers be ware ! Be sure you really want it and check their return policy . Bad smell , bad business .
 I 'm disappointed by this headband . After a 30 minute bike ride , it was saturated and the sweat ran down my face . It did slightly diver the sweat but nothing like the product details states.Not sure if there is anything else out there but i tried the Halo II and was no more impressed .
 I purchased one for myself to try out then another for my wife . They are better than a terry cloth band but very , very expensive for the utility you get from them . We use them for biking and they do fit under a helmit very well but for yard work they are just slightly better than our old workout headbands . My low score on this product is mainly on the price and the high freight charge , other wise they seem to be a good product .
 This item is not a sweat band for men who actually sweat . It is more for the tennis playing girl who wants to look cool , would be okay for a woman to use to keep her hair out of her face , but do n't expect it to absorb anything .
 I tried this product based on reviews read here - it did n't work . Then I noticed all the 5 Star reviewers who reviewed other products only or predominantly reviewed MenScience products and always gave all of them 5 stars - that seems a little fishy to me - do n't believe reviewers who only review one brand of product and always gives 5 stars !!!
 Ok ... Well I 'd like to begin by saying that I am usually a very smart shopper . I had been viewing this item for a few weeks , when I noticed one day that when i went to wash my face my eyes got extremely dark . I 've had dark eyes ever since I can remember , and it tends to make me look tired . So i read all the wonderful reviews from people on this website and the products actual website and decided at $ 35 was enough to risk for a product that supposedly worked wonders . To my dismay , its been 3.5 weeks since I got the item , and I 'm fairly certain that my skin looks the same . What I have noticed is that this rescue formula seems to act more like a `` cover up '' for woman . Although it might work on some minorly dark spots , it did n't improve the spots that I actually bought it for . Now since I 'm a nice guy and hopeful , I 'm going to continue to use this product for another two-three weeks . If things work out better than I will update this message and give wonderful reviews . Until then , I warn you Not to purchase this product . In addition , I do n't like liars .
 After reading the positive reviews , I had much hope that this product would dramatically reduce the bags under my eyes . I used it religiously for over 3 weeks and saw no improvement whatsoever.A useless product and waste of my time and money .
 Used daily for 3 months . Minimal improvement in dark circles , zero improvement in lines around eye area -LRB- I am 35 years old -RRB- . I hope this is not the best product out there .
 I 've used this product for one month now ... I can not see any improvement at all in the dark patches under my eyes . No change . I would not recommend this product if used solely for that purpose .
 I have Tinea versicolor , and after trying almost every so called remedy and treatment out there i came across ZNP bar . I used it for a month and ended up throwing it away later . I my Tinea Versicolor actually got worse !
 Direct quote below is from order : `` Price
 This product appeared to be a positive alternative to the main stream retail brands and did appear to work in the initial two to three weeks.However , under the test of mild stress I had a break out worse than I have had all this year . I have oily skin with the occasion moderate breakout / open pores but nothing like when I used this product and the price compounded the matter.I think it would be more useful investing in your internal health rather than external e.g. -RRB- Colon and Liver , reassess your diet and maybe Fiberzon -LRB- Amazon Herbs -RRB- or the three day apple diet .
 When I got this bottle , I was surprised at its size , at 8 oz it is only 0.4 oz smaller than my shampoo . The first time I used it I understood why , it takes a pretty big bottle to fit all of that water into . This would be 4 oz of product if were a regular strength . The cleansing of the soap itself is n't while not bad is n't very good . It is not overly harsh and can be used twice a day with no problems . It just does n't seem to me to have any lifting action . The smell is neutral and boring , but still present . 2 out of 5 seems very appropriate for this product .
 I received the men science daily face wash and I have to say my skin is now even worse than it was before the face wash . I would avoid this product and go for something like Neutragena it works much better and is cheaper .
 These use the worst delivery service called ONTRAC . It was out for delivery for 2 days even though my wife was at home to receives the package . They left zero notes on the door and after several phone calls the said the manger of ONTRAC will deliver the package . I tracked it online it said delivered and no package , I called again and the said the driver would call me but no call . So I have to waste my time waiting around for these idiots , I guess the whole organization is full of morons because they management ca n't even get it right . Why ca n't they use a company that knows how to ship like UPS or something . Do your self a favor and go to the store and buy this product do n't was your time with the crap delivery service called ONTRAC .
 This face wash is average at best , and definitely not worth its $ 25 dollar price tag . Although I believe it 's supposed to be odorless , it has a slight but noticeable ammonium scent . One of its major ingredients is in fact ammonium laureth sulfate , one of the many sulfate varieties you 'll find in your cheap -LRB- and some expensive -RRB- shampoos . Fun Fact
 Although it is pretty mild , it is still nothing special and not worth the money . I tried one bottle after reading its suprisingly good reviews on its website . After using it , I strongly suspect the fake customer 's reviews on their website .
 Like others have said , sometime in the past year or more , the formula for this product changed , and it 's no longer as effective as used to be . The consistency is thinner and the the scrubbing action is n't as intense . For $ 30 a bottle , it 's sadly not worth it . This used to be a great product , but now I will look for a replacement .
 Even though the seller is the manufacturer , it would not stand behind the freshness of the product shipped by providing the product manufacturing date.This very expensive product loses efficacy when old.And if manufacturer hides the product freshness , what else are they hiding from me ? A bad ingredient ? This stuff goes on my skin , I simply ca n't trust them .
 I 've been using this face scrub for years now . It was , by far , the best I 've ever used and well worth the $ 30 or so a bottle I spent on it . I 'm a guy with pretty rough , but clear skin . I do n't know how well it works on acne , but for removing oil , dead skin cells , or any other build up , it was great . It had the consistency of a glue and the micro-scrubbing beads were like grains of sand . I used it while showering so it always rinsed off clean . Rubbing it into your skin for too long would leave your skin slightly reddish and feeling like you had a light sunburn . It felt like having a really clean shave , except all over your face and not just on your chin . It was really a product made for men and the average guy probably would n't want to use it every day because of how strong it was.The last bottle/tube that I bought really surprised me . It seems that Men 's Science changed the formula sometime in the last few months . I thought it might have just been a bad mix , so I checked the other recent reviews on Amazon and found that someone else had noticed the same thing . The new formula has the consistency of a lotion and the microbeads are much smaller and weaker . It does n't `` scrub '' anymore . To put it simply , I ca n't tell the difference between this new formula and any other $ 6 face scrub I 've bought at the supermarket.Check the color of yours if you buy it . The old formula was an off-white color with a very slight yellowish tint . The new one is an off-white with a very slight grayish-blue tint . If it was just a bad batch that Men 's Science sent out , I 'd say this product is great and you should try it . For $ 30 a bottle , I 'd expect better quality control though . Before buying it , check recent reviews to see if other people have noticed the change . Hopefully , it will go back to the way it was . Until then , I ca n't recommend this product over any other face scrub at one-fifth the price .
 I have been using this face scrub for years now and it was great . Now it 's total garbage . The new formula is like using lotion on your face . The scrubbers are n't nearly as good as they were before . I emailed MenScience and they said that the scrubbers were the same . Yeah right . Do n't waste your time with this garbage . They even blocked my review from their website .
 I think I must have gotten the new formula , as it did n't do anything beneficial to my skin . I bought it because of the great reviews , but after reading the most recent reviews , the description of the new formula matches what I have in the bottle .
 As mentioned in some recent reviews , this face scrub is no longer what it used to be . The new formula they are using is terrible and no longer does the excellent job it used to . The beads are too small/fine . I have used this scrub for years because it was the absolute best . I will no longer be purchasing it nor can I recommend it .
 Company sent sparkling body gel by L'Instant instead of Body Lotion and has not responded to several emails through amazon about returning the product . I thought I was ordering straight from Amazon -- will look closer next time .
 I ordered this lotion twice from this company . The first time , no problem . The second time I got this horribly glittery gel . I contacted them . NO response . I finally had to open a report against them just to get them to respond to my messages . Their e-mail responses were inconsistent and unsatisfactory . They told me they had already mailed me a replacement several times , and it never showed . DO NOT RISK ordering here . It is not worth it . Now they are claiming they gave me a refund , but I have n't been able to confirm that yet . Also , I repeatedly told them I wanted a replacement , and they sent multiple e-mails confirming the replacement was in route to me . All lies from them . This is not a honest or reliable company . You should never have to open a report in order to get a response from a company that sends the wrong items . Consider yourself warned . I wish I 'd listened to the person who had the same experience I did before it happened to me , too .
 This does absolutely nothing - and I did use it for 3 weeks - plus it has an unpleasant color and muddy feel .
 This moisturizing creme is good but I had better . There is really nothing special about this brand of vitamin E creme . Maybe I expected more . Would I buy this creme again ? Maybe ... Maybe not . I would look for something else .
 I think this perfume is fake . It does n't have a lasting smell . Do n't buy it .
 The cream does it 's job well , it 's moistureisez my dry skin , but do not expect any wrinkle disappearance miracle . As long as you are not planning to go outside or into the warm room it 's good . It laves some film in the face and even if you do not perspire at all your face will be a little sweaty . It is not too bad as other creams though . Smell is ok , not roses but it is not stinky.Recently I noticed that i have headache all night long if I use this cream in the evening . I tried not to use it - no headache . Applied it again - all night long I was having a headache . I did some research and ONE of the side effects of pycnogenol is a headache . There are few other side effects the DermaE never mentioned on the product package . More information on the pycnogenol is here
 I bought this product because I had a credit from Derm-E I had placed a previous order , instead of sending me facial moisturizer they sent me body lotion . I tried to return it , but they would only agree to give me a merchandise credit . That made me mad . I placed the order directly through Derma-E , buying it through Amazon would probably have been better.Sice I had a `` hostile '' credit , I decided it would be better to redeem the credit and get something rather than having nothing and Derma-E having my money . I have sensitive skin , and they told me that the pycnogenol cream was their only facial moisturizer for sensitive skin . It did n't work for me at all.I do n't like their business practices either.Get `` Dermarest '' you 'll be happy and spend less money
 My one star is more for the price from this seller . Go to walmart and spend about 1/3 of this price . Yikes , maybe I am missing something but this is gouging customers .
 Used this daily for a week . Did not find this product effective . At least it did nothing to help me . Maybe it will work for u. I am going back to head and shoulders shampoo and conditioner which gives short term relief at least .
 My dermatologist told me to get this for a rash I had under my armpit and I used it as directed , but it dries my skin out .
 I could n't find any difference in the amount of dandruff at all . I went through the entire bottle used as directed and there was 0 change . Every person is different but this was a waste of money for me . Luckily , Selsun Blue -LRB- the medicated one -RRB- worked in ONE treatment .
 Do not pay this price for this product . Call Johnson and Johnson and ask them why they are letting this happen ! Overseas the product is still available for one fourth the price they are asking ! The one star is for the price not the product the product is good and works well .
 I have tried many treatments for seborrhoeic dermatitis and dandruff . Here are the results : I tried both Nizoral/Ketoconazole 1 % -LRB- OTC -RRB- & Nizoral/Ketoconazole 2 % -LRB- Prescription -RRB- . Both did not appear to be effective -LRB- also , I did not notice much of difference between 1 % and 2 % -RRB- . The BENEFITS of Nizoral/Ketoconazole is that it is relatively mild , can be used frequently , does not have a strong fragrance or odor , and does not affect the texture or quality of your hair . The two important DRAWBACKS are the price and the fact that , in my experience , it is ineffective in treating seborrhoeic dermatitis -LRB- it does n't appear to do anything more than a regular shampoo -RRB- . Neutrogena T-Gel -LRB- coal tar -RRB- and salicylic acid are WAY TOO HARSH and should only be used as a last resort , or to treat scalp psoriasis . You can type `` Seborrheic Dermatitis Versus Psoriasis '' into Google to read the difference between the two -LRB- Quickly
 I found I can get it for $ 9.00 $ 20.00 way to much money fill your pockets with someone else hard earn money.desw
 This just dries out your hair even more ! Your better off just putting vaseline on your scalp . Its just like acne products . They say they will cure acne but it just dries up your face and makes it worse . Same thing with this !
 Keep in mind that this is the US version of the product and that it may be expired by the time you get it . Mine was expired on the day that I received it -LRB- 09/2011 -RRB- . It appears that McNeil has stopped producing this product and what is being sold is old stock.The product itself is great , it is just that McNeil has apparently stopped making it and so beware that you may be purchasing very old stock .
 Firstly , there should be two in the package . I only received one.Secondly , there is little unknown gel in the bottle so I think it was expired .
 Puchased this because the website stated rhat it was good for oily skin but it did n't help and it made my skin feel sticky .
 The product did not perform according to the listed Vitamin C , E and A ; no difference in skin appearance nor feel .
 Product feels cool upon application , yet there is a lingering and annoying stickiness . I could overlook this if I thought Derma e 's Pycnogenol Gel was an excellent product , even mediocre , but no . The bottom line is this , there must be more research done into Pycnogenol before you claim it was the next natural beauty revival product . Maybe it was just my experience but this ingredient did my skin no favors , I ended up with discolorations , dead and dull looking skin . Kinda how the tree probably looks that this ingredient was extracted from . I am a man so I kinda liked the idea of using tree bark extract to make my skin look better but it just does n't work out well . Please scrap this whole product line Derma e. Everything else is excellent though .
 I was hoping that it will work for spider veins on legs , but I guess the formulation is designed for very tiny facial spider veins .
 I just purchased Bumb Blond shampoo -LRB- which I have used for over 10 yrs -RRB- in the new tube . I was told it was exactly the same product that is in the original pink bottle . It is not the same . First of all it has a totally different smell which I find sickening -LRB- loved the old smell-kind of citrus -RRB- . Also my hair ends up feeling and looking filmy . I think they have added more conditioner - I do not want to use a combination product . I bought 2 tubes and will be returning the unused one . There is always a reason the price is reduced.TIGI Bedhead Dumb Blonde Shampoo , 25.36 ozPlease note this product link shows the old product ?
 I had bad dandruff . I 've used nizoral 1st and it worked great on my scalp however its effects on my hair were disastrous . I 've decide to try t-gel because the company promises to make the hair soft and manageable . Unfortunately , it has zero effect on my dandruff actually I can say they got out of hand . The smell is horrible and my hair is so tangled after my first use . It will go straight in the garbagge can
 Been using this a while , smells horrible and hard to keep out of the eyes and it really irritates the eyes so taking a shower becomes a major chore to avoid getting this stuff into them . I stopped using Head And Folgers all together , it 's of my honest opinion that that brand is rigged , most with sensitive skin need products with no scent to avoid irritating their skin etc , YET Head And Folgers is so rank with perfume I simply had to quit using it , you 'd never manage let alone CURE dandruff or dermatitis using such scam products laden with irritants . ANY , this ALSO smells quite powerful , and it just seems like they INTEND to keep your condition in a stalemate situation where you 'd be forced to use the product FOREVER in a vain money pit attempt at any type of true professional therapy . It 's more than likely all a huge con.I think I 'll just start using a bar of Dove sensitive skin unscented soap to wash my hair instead .
 It 's been 7 years since I 've used T Gel , but my experience with it was horrifying . When I was in high school , I was suffering from dry , itchy , flaky scalp and none of the other otc shampoos were working , so I decided to try T gel . It smelled horrible first of all . I left it on my scalp for a couple minutes , then rinsed it all out . That night before bed , I ran my fingers throughout my hair and noticed that a lot of hair was falling out . I kept doing this over and over and more and more hair was falling out . . It was far more than usual ! I would estimate that I lost a handful of hair that night -LRB- about 1/5 of my total hair -RRB- . Now because my hair is naturally very thick and full , it was not noticeable . I immediately discontinued using it and the problem never came back again . I am very healthy and tolerate most products very well . I 've never had an allergic reaction to anything else before , so it really boggles my mind that this would do it . I still suffer with dandruff , and it 's getting really annoying . I will try Nizoral next -LRB- the reviews everywhere are amazing -RRB- . I really hope it works .
 I have been using T/Gel shampoo since it hit the market , likely more than 25 years ago ... maybe longer . I just purchased -LRB- 7/10/2010 -RRB- a new bottle labeled `` original formula '' and also `` new scent . `` Sort of a dichotomous statement , if you ask me.The `` new scent '' has a very , very strong caustic odor to it ... so much so that I can not continue to use the product . I remember long ago when the product had more of a tar-smell to it , but that was changed to the recently-changed formula many years ago ... and I 've always found that smell -LRB- of the recently abandoned formula -RRB- to be pleasant ... but this new-scent goes far beyond just being annoying ... I have had a physical reaction to it , and can not continue to use the product.This sort of reminds me of the `` new Coke '' debacle from a couple of decades ago ... why not leave well-enough alone ?
 The smell of this product is so strong , and so invasive , that even after washing with normal shampoo twice , I was still smelling very , very , very , VERY strongly of moth balls . It is a terrible product . The smell is overpowering during usage and sticks with you for hours and hours .
 I used it for months . . my scalp is worse , it 's even drier and nasty . I wonder why there is good review here , this product is useless .
 While the shipping was efficient , the product itself was awful . This is clearly a product that is very old , as it has Neutrogena 's original scent as opposed to the still unpleasant , but much improved scent . The scent stays in your hair until the next shampoo . My little sister asked , `` why does your hair smell like dirt and dust ? '' 3 hours after I washed and dried it . She is 4 . Wish I had n't bought the largest size !
 It looks like this product worked for others and has gotten decent reviews , but it did n't work at all for me . In fact , I think it made my scalp more dry and it literally looked like it was snowing when I scratched my head . My dandruff is seasonal . I normally do n't use dandruff shampoo all the time . I 'll only get a dry scalp when the weather changes for the season like when from spring it turns to summer and gets real hot -LRB- here in california -RRB- and when fall officially ends and it gets to be colder winter days and nights . When that happens , I 'll normally buy head and shoulders and my dry scalp will be properly moisturized and my dandruff will be gone within a week or two.I saw a commercial for T/gel on tv saying `` With only ONE use , T/Gel can eliminate dandruff and dry scalps ! '' I was obviously in disbelief as products like this are n't magic . But I decided to give it a try as I 've never seen this product before . So I buy it , use it for about two weeks or so , and I notice my scalp getting even more dry . My work uniform shirts are all black so just an hour into work the back of my shirt looked so gross with flakes . So I keep using it thinking it would take a while to work and after about 2 months of seeing not only was it not working , it was making my scalp more dry , I threw that crap in the trash . I just recently bought a bottle of head and shoulders again and literally within a few days , my scalp seemed to be moisturized and my dandruff near gone . When I would scratch my head , flakes would n't come off and there was little to no flakes on my shirt.I ca n't say why it did n't work for me , I just know that it did n't . It made my scalp more dry , caused more flakes , and head and shoulders seems to be a better product for me .
 I 've been using TGel shampoo for years , even though my doctor advised me I did n't have to . I like the original formula shampoo , the ingredients were nicely balanced for my hair , and my scalp did n't itch or flake.Now , with this `` new scent '' formula , the TGel shampoo is horrible . It makes my hair limp and without body . I ca n't do anything with it ! Usually , my hair reacts that way when hair conditioner has been applied.My conclusion about the `` new scent '' is that the new formula has conditioner in it . I ca n't determine if there is a different scent than the original formula.I would n't have rated this any stars at all , but had to rate with at least one.Neutrogena has lost a long-time customer with this `` new scent '' product .
 I 've used a lot of hair masques and most are much more effective than this . I left the product on my hair for almost 10 minutes and did n't notice any difference afterward . It was as if I had n't even conditioned my hair that day . Try the masque by Biolage for something more effective that 's a comparable price .
 The mask has a stale smell to it and no fragrance at all . I have used this product before and really lke it , but I believe what I received was an out of date product .
 even brighter in person than in pic and once on . maybe at my darkest in the summer i would wear this . almost neon .
 Ask plenty of questions about product and merchandise as these items appear new in picture , but merchandise clearly been used or were tester products .
 Sea Breeze has been my favorite Essie color , and since it such an old color , most stores no longer carry it . So when I discovered it listed with this seller on Amazon , I was pleased . Unfortunately , the polish that I received was nothing like the original Sea Breeze that I have so enjoyed . I 've simply tossed it rather than go to the trouble of returning it . I DO NOT recommend this product as offered by this seller !!!
 It 's a really nice color if you apply one coat , but we all know with colors like these you have to apply at least 2 , but once you apply the 2nd coat the color changes . Also after a week I removed the nail polish and it stained my nails . Do n't recommend .
 I bought this based on the reviews . VERY unimpressed . I touch up chips twice a day ! I usually use OPI , which will last two weeks with minimal maintenance . This did n't make it 3 days . The colors are pretty , but even Sally Hanson outlasts Essie , and at a third the price . My first bottle will be my last bottle .
 I really have no idea what the fascination is with this brand . I 've tried so many shades hoping that maybe the last was a fluke . But , this brand is awful IMO . It 's difficult to apply , applies streaky , and chips so easily . I much prefer OPI .
 This nail polish is a good one . But I was expecting more of it . First of all , I say it is very expensive so I thought it would be a great quality , I wanted it for french nails . but for my suprise it came to my house with a thick consistency . I do n't know if all essey nail polish are like this , but this was my first essey nail polish and all I can say is that I prefer buying the inexpensive revlon I have always buyed .
 If you want a natural nail tint , that looks like color of the real nail bed , this is the shade for you . It is not as pink as the photo ; it 's more cream . Really sheer , just perfect for a french manicure . Not for me though , I like my colors more saturated , even with a Fnch.ManiFollow up April 30 , 2011
 this color is way too light and to get the white-ish color you have to have 3 coats . The seller is the BESTS -LRB- not the first time I order from them -RRB- but THIS particularly nail polish is not great ... I 'll just stay with Opi < 3
 I used this product , twice a day , every day , for 71 days . No noticable change in wrinkes or under eye puffiness .
 The basket is sturdy and heavy but this ledge will not stay in the corner with only suction cup grippage . It is so heavy I was worried about it dropping and chipping my bathtub so I put towels in the bathtub and tried over several days in various ways to make it worked . Epic fail - I gave up and now use it as a garage organizer on my workbench.If the manufacturer could make the basket lighter weight , I 'm sure it would work well .
 I liked the smell very much and that 's why I bought it . But the scent goes away within less than an hour . Not worth the price ...
 I liked the smell of this perfume but it wo n't last too long . After about an hour , the smell is gone . It is more like a splash than a perfume .
 This is my very first TERRIBLE experience purchasing from Amazon ; I have shopped here for numerous years and had never had this issue.This is a Bvlgari Jasmin perfume ; it smells like industrial alcohol . I tried it several times since it arrived yesterday , and it smells nothing like the original one . I have used the Bvlgari Jasmin for years , and now it has discontinued because the company launched Bvlgari Jasmin Noir that I do n't like , hence my attempt to purchase the original Jasmin from the Internet rather than stores and Bvlgari , itself . I still have a little bit of my previous Bvlgari Jasmin perfume left , so I compared the scent and sprayed each on one wrist ; the one I just purchased from Amazon smells like alcohol where my old one , though it has a few drops left , smells like how it supposed to.I will be returning this.Thank you , D.D.
 I 'm 18 years old and sometimes have breakouts . I had one that was really bad , so I bought this tea tree oil in hopes of eliminating it or atleast helping it a bit . This product is AWFUL ! Never again will I look at amazon reviews ; I will instead google what dermatologists think about certain products . This product made me break out so much worse and I wo n't use it again .
 The perfume came in its original package . The product came to my house in three days . Fast service from the seller . The perfume was just average . I love the smell but it doesnt stay for longer period . I wouldnt recommend this product for summer use .
 This product arrived totally rock solid frozen ! I am using it as I was completely out of it . It is very watery . I wo n't be purchasing it again .
 I 've used this product every week for around a month , -LRB- mainly around my edges -RRB- and I did n't really notice a change in my hair growth . I 'm a huge fan of Organic Root Stimulator 's products , but this one did n't do it for me.I love how it smells and I love the texture , but that 's about it . It did n't really assist in my hair growth and now I have to find an alternative for my edges .
 my hair is falling too much , I will stop using this product.I will try loreal professional scalp scurb product.The hair brush and the mixing cup is uesful .
 This product does not work . It just dries out your scalp and makes it itchy , which creates more flakes . I do not recommend this product at all .
 I have tried two bottles of this stuff over the past couple years ... and it frankly is n't worth the money.I hate John Frieda 's products in general , but this one really sucks . When you put the product on your fingers and rub , it has this weird texture . It does nothing good for my thick , wavy hair . I have tried with wet hair , dry hair , both ! It either does nothing or makes my hair look greasy and awkwardly flat in some areas and poofy in the others.DO NOT RECOMMEND .
 This made my hair clump together in parts and appear greasy instead of smooth and shiny . I tried wet , dry , a little and a lot , and it never gave me good results .
 God ! Do you really expect anyone to purchase this product with the visuals you offer ? They look like the `` before '' pictures from a hospital burn unit ...
 I wanted to try something a little heavier , maybe even muskier , for winter . As a huge fan of Halloween by J Del Pozo I was reading good reviews on In Black and In White . In Black is supposed to be more winter appropriate than In White so I decided to take a risk . I have to be honest , I was a little disappointed by this fragrance . It 's probably wonderful for someone else , but I just did not care for the scent . I know the price is on the lower end , but Halloween is n't exactly pricey and it smells amazing , so I figured this would n't be a let down . However , the perfume does smell cheap ... and maybe a little too musky for me . Also , the nozzle under the cap breaks off easily , but the bottle itself is somewhat attractive . But I guess that 's what I get for blind-purchasing a perfume .
 While this scent is fairly nice for the winter , alas 4 sprays are barely discernible some 1 or 2 hours later , thus I am downgrading a fragrance I like but would not purchase again . It wo n't `` offend '' anyone but that 's only because they wo n't be able to smell it . Really more of a `` body spray '' - read mostly alcohol . Like many perfumes in this price category , basically a waste of money .
 This stuff is highly over rated.I looked at all the reviews before I bought this and am very disappointed . This work no better than CERAVE that I can buy at Walmart cheaper . If you want to spend big bucks on a bad product , go ahead and buy this .
 I was very excited about trying this product after reading many reviews . When I first put it on , it was light and not greasy . Approx 2 hours after putting it on I began to have a burning sensation on my face and turned red . My guess is my face does not agree with the Alpha and Beta Hydroxy 's in the product . So I am less than satisfied with this expensive purchase that will go to waste in my drawer . Maybe I will give it to one of the ladies at work.So my final thoughts are that this product could have a place with many people but not with me . Make sure you check to see if this product will be compatible with your skin before you buy , especially since it is so expensive .
 I changed from Baxter of California to MenScience , but the MenScience smells like mildew . While this is a step up from Baxter , which smelled like a urinal , I 'm thinking male AHA and BHA products may just be a waste of money .
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 This perfume smells great , but for some reason almost immediately gave my wife a headache when she put it on and unfortunately for us if you try to return it , Amazon says this : `` For safety reasons , items that are classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases can not be returned to Amazon.com . Customers should dispose of hazardous materials according to Local , State and Federal regulations . Customers should contact their local government or local waste company for directions on how to dispose of Household Hazardous Waste . `` So be very sure that you want to buy it !
 This perfume does not last all day like I assumed it would . It has a nice smell but when I put it on it almost evaporates in the air within minutes of me putting it on .
 I brought Curve Crush for women and was very disappointed when I received it . The packaging for the perfume and the perfume bottle looked authentic but when I sprayed the perfume it did n't smell like Curve Crush . It would go on strong and then after a while the smell would just disappear . With all the other Curve Crush perfumes that i 've purchased from different places the smell lingered well into the evening . I 've purchased this product from many different stores before but never at the price of 19.64 so I thought it was a great deal . Next time I will just go ahead and spend the extra money . I 've never had an issue with Amazon before and I will continue to order from here just not when buying my perfume .
 I can not understand why there are so many conflicting reviews with this perfume . Then it dawned on me ... my bottle that I have is at least 10 years old . THEY ARE WATERING DOWN THE PERFUME SO BAD NOW THAT ITS GETTING TO THE POINT OF RIDICULOUS !!!!!!! Im not spending my hard earned money on perfume that is watered down . I so wanted another bottle of this perfume but not like it is . These perfume distributors think WOMEN ARE STUPID AND DO N'T KNOW THE DIFFERENCE !!!! you are looking at loosing everything you have by doing this to the perfume , I would rather pay more for my perfume at good quality then spend my hard earned money on GARBAGE !!!! PERFUME MANUFACTURES , LISTEN TO THIS LOUD AND CLEAR , THE WOMEN DO KNOW THE DIFFERENCE !!!!!! YOU CAN KISS YOUR COMPANY GOODBYE BY DOING THIS !!!!!!!
 I love the fragrant smooth clean smell of this eau de perfume but when worn - it only lasts a moment . I even tried spraying some on my scarf thinking the fabric could hold the fragrance - but it too quickly vanished . Perhaps the Eau de Parfume has a bit too much water and not enough scent - definately would not purchase this again even if it was very inexpensive . Kind of a waste of time if it evaporates and disappears quickly .
 Sung Paradise is a fruity , white floral that is bright , sunny and fun . I like a scent like this for winter wear . Although it 's pleasant enough , it 's not very long-lasting . There are similar , tropical-themed fragrances that are better than Sung Paradise but just as affordable . EL Brasil Dream and LC Bora Bora immediately come to mind .
 It smells like sugar water . Do n't waste your money - Only buy it if you have smelled it and liked the smell . Otherwise do n't risk wasting your money .
 I did n't like this fragrance at all . Based on the the description and name of this perfume , I expected it to smell sweet , fruity and fun . It was none of those things . In fact , my husband thought it smelled like `` old people and baby powder . `` Who wants to smell like that ?
 You have got to be kidding me Amazon ... I paid 28 dollars for a generic knockoff ?! No where on the packaging does it say Aqualina the brand name ... I am so very disappointed with Amazon and I think my shopping days with you guys are over ! I am disabled and can not get to a post office to send back ! Does not even smell close to the real thing !! Thanx alot Amazon !!!
 This does n't have aquolina printed on the bottle . every bottle should have the name on it . so this one is a knock off forsure . they just good at imitating bestselling brands . i feel sorry for all those great reviews u may be getting something else rather than the real deal .
 I tryed this because of the good reviews , but was very disappointed . Smell is not very strong at all . Could not smell it in my hair at all . Waste of money .
 I got this product because of the high reviews and the notes of `` Citrus , Linen , Lavender . '' When I received mine I was ... well ... expecting it to smell like citrus , linen , and lavender . Im not sure if I just got a bad bottle ... but it smelled very strongly of fake vanilla and caramel ... it made me so sick ... I had to wash it out of my hair ...
 This perfume was not at all what I expected . As other reviewers described it , it smells like vanilla , marshmallows , and cotton candy and those are lovely smells . And to remind you , the name of this perfume is Pink Sugar . However , it was dumb of me to purchase this fragrance without actually knowing what it smells like first , because as it turns out , the scent is not at all sweet , but spicy , rude and unpleasant . I do n't understand the popularity of this product nor how anyone finds that to smell sweet .
 There is not aquolina anywhere on the package -- I think it is fake . Knock offs usually have a strong alcohol smell and this does . I ca n't believe I got taken by Amazon .
 I bought this perfume as a gift . It arrived quickly , but is a tester . The description did not say it was a tester . I would not have purchased if the description would have mentioned it was a tester . The seller should do a better job of explaining the product . I did n't read the comments by other buyers , so I am partly to blame .
 The only thing I smell is over powering black licorice . It makes me feel sick . I hate that smell . I thought it was going to smell like cotton candy , cookies and vanilla , like everybody keeps saying .
 It did n't smell right and trying to put it on was hard to get it to come out . Would not buy this one again ,
 The aroma was a bit like a cheap cologne . I was not too impressed . I was hoping to a mild , fresh aromatic product
 I was totally upset . I was soooo excited to get this item and purchased it based on the review ... bad idea ! Its way , way too sweet . Since I already purchased it I have to find a way to use it ... so I 'm thinking air freshener or not ?!?
 This product was to be Pink Sugar by Aquolina . The product I received was called Pink Sugar but it definetely was not by Aquolina . It is a fake/fraud product . Not made by the actual company Aquolina . Looks like the product but is missing the key company name and the fragrance smells nothing like the actual product . I 'm returning this product . I 'm glad I had the original to compare it too . Was very disappointed I did n't receive the authentic fragrence and have to go through all the trouble to return it then re-order the true product ... hopefully ...
 You should be aware that this product contains five forms of parabens . I too enjoyed this product until learning it contained these controversial preservatives , and five of them ! Parabens metabolize as estrogen in the body and have been linked to breast cancer . There are many products now on the market that are paraben free . Check the labels ! Do not use any products with parabens . Thank you .
 I am extremely unhappy about my purchase . This perfume is a knock-off . I know the difference because I have bought the real perfume before and I was hoping to get a better deal . The packaging looks very much the same but on the bottle it does not say `` aqualina '' like the real stuff anf it does not smell nearly as good as the real stuff . I found that I can not even return the item as it is deemed `` For safety reasons , items that are classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases can not be returned to Amazon.com . Customers should dispose of hazardous materials according to Local , State and Federal regulations . Customers should contact their local government or local waste company for directions on how to dispose of Household Hazardous Waste '' . So UNHAPPY !!!
 This stuff just smells gross . At first , it smells really sweet , but there is this really chemically , musky undertone that just kills my nose ! I expected the entire bouquet to be sweet . Try Calgon 's Marshmallow body spray .
 I know this is a beloved scent for some , but on me it smells like burnt plastic and dollar-store vanilla air freshener . Nauseating ! I liked it for a while , and then just `` went off '' the scent ... maybe my body chemistry changed . It does last ALL day . Which is great if you like the scent , but torture if you hate it .
 Let me start by saying that I 'm a huge fan of food inspired beauty products.I have lotions from Bath and Body Works , half of Jessica Simpson 's Dessert line and soap that smells like lemon drops.This stuff was just plain disgusting.I went to ULTA and tried it so excited after reading the reviews.After trying it I spent over an hour waiting for the terrible smell to go away.It smelled like licorice or something.I ended up smelling something by Jennifer Lopez instead and it was way better.I wo n't tell you not to buy this but please try it first.I do n't think it will agree with everyone or at least it did n't with me .
 This is a knock off and not the real Aquolina Hair Perfume . Sephora sells the real item . The bottle is clearly different and the real product has a sweeter scent not so alcohol heavy . This is still a decent product but they should disclose that its a knock off and not the real thing .
 I do n't care for the smell of this at all . I was hoping to find something comparable to Hypnotic Poison . This is n't it .
 I was sp excited to get this in the mail today ... but as ot turns out , its a fake . The packaging gave ot away right away . No evidence of the brand . Thanks a lot amazon . Waste of money .
 My english is not perfect , but I have the urge to write this small review . When I received the Aquolina , it was very clear that it was no original-the box was similar but without aquolina sign . The smell was also different and it 's clearly a fake . I am very dissapointed , because I live in Serbia and it is complicated for me to return it , and also because I completely lost my trust to this way of purchasing things .
 I really just do n't like the scent . I must have been out of my mind - ordering a perfume online without actually smelling it - but I was hoping that since this fragrance received so much hype , I would n't have to worry about that . Well , I was wrong.This does n't smell like cotton candy , marshmellows , cupcakes , etc to me at all . It actually reminds me of my grandmother 's house - so maybe the bakery relation is still mixed in there somewhere . However , I really just can not stand the scent . Perhaps I 'm just not a perfume person . I do however , love my DKNY Fresh Blossom perfume . The thought of a hair perfume for me was ideal , since I usually just spray my hair with my favorite fragrance any ways , but nope - Pink Sugar just is n't my particular type of scent . I really can not wait until this stuff wears out of my hair right now . I 'd prefer the smell of my daily shampoo wayyy more than this stuff in it.So basically , if you like Pink Sugar - great . I envy that because I truly did want this to be my favorite fragrance ; I guess it 's just not meant to be . Furthermore , I 'll continue looking for that perfect signature scent .
 I ordered this item from Amazon under the impression that I was purchasing `` Aquolina '' Pink Sugar and the item that came to me was just `` Pink Sugar '' . If it was not a week befor Christmas I would have returned it . But being that it is a gift , I have to keep it and hope it is of the same quality . I am quite upset that Amazon would do such a thing and carry a `` knock off '' product and advertise it as an original . Their `` out '' is that they claim the packaging may be different , but , in actuality , it is not the same product . So disappointed .
 The parfume came very discolored and extremely rancid smelling ! Worst part was that now I find out that YOU CAN NOT RETURN OR EVEN EXHCHANGE the bottle because they classify it as hazardous material !!! What a very Big disappointment !!
 I want to believe that this is the original product . However , the strong alcohol smells leads me to believe that this may be fake . I 'm not sure why the AQUOLINA logo is MISSING ! This is VERY suspicious !!!
 I was expecting sweet and yummy . This is very powdery and overwhelming . I only sprayed it twice and 5 hours later it is still way too strong for me . It could just be my personal taste , but I just do n't like it . Lessoned learned , fragrances are too personal to order online for the first time before smelling them . I am returning this .
 Do not buy - Smells like cotton candy for 3 seconds and then becomes putrid . You think you are saving money but you are really losing in the long run . Again - do not buy ! ** UPDATE ** Apparently , the company that produces this fragrance has decided to remove their logo from the bottles and the outer case -LSB- ... -RSB- The new bottle I ordered from Sephora 's website looked exactly the same as the knock off from Amazon . The real one smells 100X 's better . I 've learned that somethings are too good to be true . If you 're going to pamper yourself - or someone else - do it the right way and splurge by purchasing from a company that sells the real thing . -LRB- This same size cost $ 22 on Sephora 's website -RRB-
 I think this is fake . There is n't the brand name aquolina anywhere on the package . I 'm very disappointed and upset . I ca n't believe I got tricked . The lady on the phone was very nice though when I called about it .
 i personally do not like it . if u like the smell of bakery on ur hair for hours , then go for it . it is quite long lasting tho .
 Alright so I bought this a perfume a year and a half ago , I LOVED it at first . I used almost a whole bottle ! Then I bought another one and switched up my pefume for a while . I went back to the old bottle and sprayed it and it smelled really funky , I do n't know why but both of them smell funny after they sit for a while-they do n't smell like the bottles in the store . It 's like it goes bad after a while ? So wtf ?
 I ordered this on the 8th of June ! I was supposed to receive it today , but I did not get anything . :-LRB- I want a refund !
 Too strong , too sweet , smells cheap . Avoid this at all costs
 I received a tester . I was giving it as a gift and there was no lid . I would have liked to receive a complete bottle .
 I was unaware that they are selling tester bottles until my order arrived . Nowhere on the product info does it say this . I ordered it as a gift for my sister and now I will feel like a cheap person if I give this to her . With shipping , this price was only a couple dollars cheaper than the other sellers on Amazon who include a cap with their bottles , as well as the cute pink and white striped cylinder it comes in . This product does not include either of those things .
 The exact same thing happen to me its a tester . The color is a bit yellow and it smells different . I am not happy with this at all . =-LRB- I sent an email to the company and here is what they wrote me : The ad details under item condition actually does say it is a tester . The photo also shows a tester . No cap , no retail packaging.When I chose to buy from this company I had no idea that showing no cap and no retail packaging meant it was a tester . I have looked enough times since I recevied this email and still can not locate the ad detail that states its a tester . Not to mention the bottle say -LRB- Tester Not for Resale ! -RRB- I will say since I did email the company they said I could send the item back for a full refund and buy the correct item for more money . I think not ! But thanks anyway .
 Same on this product it 's not the true Aquolina brand it doesnt have the name on the bottle and it wears off in an hour the real one last all day . Also the bottle leaks from the top it drips all over the place soo much wasted product there is more on my vanity than myself .
 I wanted the package with the pepper on it like shown in the picture . When it came it was the one without the pepper . Its at The Rack for the same price .
 Outiside box was fine , but inside the bottle was in it 's cylider , and iimpossible to get out . it was glued in or something . i had to cut the packaging & it was difficult to do to remove the bottle . the contents of the bottle were brownish looking . any fan of this product will know , as the picture shows , the contents should be clear ! the smell was rancid ! did not even closely smell like the real deal ... smelled liked badly burnt sugar , not light cotton candy floral . this product can not be returned , so i was totally scammed .
 The perfume is not a clear color like it is in stores , it is very dingy looking . The product also does not smell like the right perfume ; it does not have a clean scent . It smells like its really old or something is mixed into it . Very unsatisfied .
 -LRB- this is for the Hair Pefume -RRB- smelled this scent in Sephora months ago and loved it , but I could n't afford it at the time , so I forgot about it . Then I found it on Amazon and was shocked at how much cheaper it was . I purchased it , and the shipping was fast and the packaging was secure . However , I am pretty sure this is the old version of the product.For one thing , the smell is very , very faint . It smells nice , but I can hardly smell it right after spraying , and I ca n't smell it at all after the first minute . I thought maybe my nose was just not working , so I asked several friends and family if they could smell it , and they said they could n't smell it either . Even when I used a ton of sprays and even resorted to spraying it on my clothes , it simply did n't last . The one I tried out in Sephora was strong and lasted quite a while.The scent issue would n't have been so bad if this stuff actually did anything for my hair as it claims it does , but it does n't do anything . It did n't tame my fly aways or frizz or make it look shiny.I do n't like leaving negative feedback and I definitely do n't like accusing people easily , so I do n't make this claim lightly . I spent hours researching . I went to the official website of Aquolina and on their facebook page and the bottle they show looks completely different from mine . I went to several different websites , including Sephora , and again , the bottle looks completely different from this one.I am very upset at this , I loved this stuff when I first smelled it and was looking forward to wearing it every day . : -LRB-
 I was really excited for this product , but it does not smell as nice as the regular perfume . Fragrance does n't last long and the smell seems a `` little off . '' Better just to spritz a little of the regular perfume on your hair as you do out the door !
 I spray this on my hair as soon as I am done styling . It 's smell last about a total of :30 seconds . It 's a total waste . You are better off spraying your perfume on your hair instead . You might get drying alcohol doing it that way but that 's apparently the only way to get the fragrance to last on your hair .
 Nowhere in the description does it say the perfume is a tester without a box or without a top for the bottle . I bought this for a gift ! If I had known this I would have bought it elsewhere . I do n't understand why the seller did n't disclose this in the description .
 I LOVE this cologne , however , this one seemed like it was watered down . It did n't smell the same and had a different odor throughout the day . Too bad , I was really really disappointed . I will just have to go to a department store and pick it up : -LRB-
 Although the bottle in the picture has a lid , the product I received did not . This is a TESTER .
 Do n't -- use this as a hair conditioner . It felt like I dipped my head in a vat of oil . It left my hair extremely greasy , disgusting , and limp.Do -- use this in place of your shaving cream . It works wonders on the bikini stubble !
 Condition ? I could n't get my brush through my hair . It makes your hair stiff and sticky . Forget blow-drying . It made it impossible to comb or brush and also makes your hair dull . You can rinse for 10 minutes and still not get it all out . I threw it directly in the garbage . I used to be a fan of this company . Not anymore .
 Do n't get me wrong , if you use this product , your hair will continue to lock . It 's just that you 're better off using something with some redeeming qualities . This is nothing but petroleum , mineral oil , wax , too much coloring and perfume . It 's the cheapest junk you can find in any hair product . They they throw the words ` Locking ' on it . The secret to locs is time . There is not magic potion . Opt for something with better ingredients . Do n't be fooled by the labeling or its popularity . It 's just junk .
 This product is cheap and it has too much fragrance . The smell is so overwhelming you can even taste it . it does n't hold the twist very well !
 I used this product on its on for about a week and experienced good results but when I applied it prior to using a Salicylic acid face scrub , this product caused immense redness and burning . My face is still red .
 I have used Desert Essence for years and find that they are not consistent in their formulas , but even worse one batch of their lip rescue made my lips burn and peel for days . I woke up with them crusted over , and never received a response from the company . Do not use this product on your face in case it does to you what it did to me .
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 I GUESS THIS PRODUCT WAS NOT THE ONE FOR ME . I WAS UNABLE TO ACHIEVE THE STYLE I WAS LOOKING FOR WITH THIS ONE . I WILL STICK TO THE SHEARS .
 Bought the least expensive makeup remover & it was a waste of money . I do n't wear waterproof makeup at all , but still find I have to wipe & wipe & wipe with this product which is exactly what you do n't want to be doing around your eyes . I 'm taking the time to write a review to save others from wasting their time trying this crappy product .
 Frankly , it is n't a good makeup remover . It barely gets the product off , and I have to rub repeatedly to get it to work . Disappointing , as the regular oil maybelline makeup remover works great . I will not be purchasing this one again .
 I agree with one of the other reviewers ... you have to wipe and wipe , and it STILL does n't remove all the makeup ! I guess I 'll have to try a more `` oily '' one .
 While there is nothing wrong with this product , only buy it online if you ca n't get it at your local store . Shipping makes buying it online a bad deal and you ca n't use your Prime shipping for it .
 This polish has a pink tone . The one I usually get with my pedicure has a natural tone . There was no way I could tell the difference online . Both are called Sweet Heart .
 So i was pretty excited that i got this in the mail , but seriously ... i think its just the color of mine , i do n't know , not good cover stick ... Received it sticking to the top ... so basically it was broken when i opened it because of the air mail looks very pasty ... very white i shall say ... im never buying this product ever . .
 I have used this color for many years , and was extremely happy with the results . However , the product line has recently changed , and the new version of this color is a little darker . I frantically searched online for some of the discontinued color , and found what I thought was 8 boxes of it at Sams Online , via Amazon . When I received my shipment , I was disappointed to discover that they had sent me the new version of the color , which was NOT the box advertised on their website . Now I am stuck having to return them , probably at my expense . So be careful if you are looking for the older version ... what you see is NOT what you get.And note to Clairol -- if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . This WAS the perfect haircolor . Why did you have to mess with a good thing ?
 I wanted some cheap brushes , but these are apparently too cheap . The spongey part of the applicator slides right off the handle . I tried to keep putting these back together , but after awhile there 's really no use .
 The photo is too far to appreciate and when I received it , it was nothing what I expected . The so called gentle rubber is very hard and it tears out my eyelashes . Maybelline use to put out a very soft kind of foam rubber on the eyelash curler and I have n't seen it in years . I am still using my very , very old one . I clean it and reuse it . It is falling apart , but it does a better job . Those new ones are horrible.I am glad I had a chance to send this review.Thank you ,
 Do not purchase this product if you are african american . First of all , it did not match my skin , secondly it did not dry fast nor was it water proof . I returned the item , but I have n't received a refund or an email from the seller .
 I purchased two colors of this product . The first was too light and the next shade was too dark . I returned the product a month ago and still have not heard any feedback or gotten my refund yet . I was extremely disappointed because I really wanted LegMagic to work .
 Either i received an old worn out , defective piece or it doesnt do what it claims . It cudnt even hold the oil for an hour for me . Also i broke out in two places . Not pleased at all .
 It 's good soap . But not worth over $ 20 for one bar . I had signed up for the monthly subscription , and was getting the pack of 12 for months . Last month , however , they just sent me one bar , but sent a receipt for the full 12 pack.I called and Amazon customer service apologized , and said they would send a new pack . No biggie . I understand that things like this happen in shipping.I few days later I received one more bar.Not wanting to go through this process 10 more times , I just cut my losses , accepted I paid $ 20 for two bars of soap , and cancelled the subscription .
 I ordered this some time after having watched a demonstration of the product on one of the major shopping channels . I was swayed by the claims that the `` special brush '' used for application eliminated that colored-in look that pencils tend to give if you 're not careful . I am not browless and just need to fill in occasional thin spots , so I thought this product would be more than up to that task . I am extremely disappointed . There are no instructions on how one should hold the brush to accomplish the appearance of natural hair , so I tried holding it every way I could think of , but never got that promised `` natural '' look . Really , that 's the least of the cons for this product . The container is very small and hard to hold onto , and -LRB- I ca n't believe I 'm complaining about this one -RRB- overly filled . The result is that whenever the lid is removed , if the slightest unsteady movement of my hand occurs , the contents spill all over the counter . One is supposed to dip the brush in the powder , tap off the excess , then apply it with that `` wonderful '' brush . I have tried numerous times to do that but if I just lightly tap off the excess , the moment the brush hits my eyebrow , the excess that did n't come off with the light tap jumps off of the brush NOT onto my eyebrow , but onto my upper eyelid and cheek , spreading out like talcum powder . That 's a mess to clean up . On the other hand , when I tap off enough to prevent the aformentioned avalanche , there is n't enough powder left on the brush to fill in one brow . The end result is that I end up tapping off -LRB- and throwing away -RRB- more than I put on my eyebrows.I gave this product two stars instead of just one because the kit comes with a brow gel in a mascara-style tube . The gel is a wonderful , clean finish to whatever brow filler you use and it keeps independent brow hairs from stepping out of line on hectic days . I use it with my Clinique Superfine Liner for Brows , a product to which I happily award five stars .
 It was not what I expected . Spills all over when you open it . Did not like and was not happy with it.Gina Marie
 I dont know what this perfume is like because I ordered it for my wife and have been waiting for weeks on end to receive it . But I was charged though .
 The loop/handle is made from the same mesh that the pouf is made from . It does n't fit over my spigot nor the temp adjustment . The loop is also almost 2 '' wide , so even if you got it over your spigot and/or adjuster , it will get in the way of both . This product just got very cheap . I expected elastic , although I was sad to see that they no longer made of rope . I received neither . Like everything else , the price goes up and quality goes down . The price for printing money ... This item was supposed to be better than the 99 cents poufs I was buying from the big box discount stores , when I could n't get to my bed/bath store . The cheap ones are now made better .
 It is very sheer , but I do n't like it as well as I like the other colors . Fairly good product though . It does dry on chalky and helps with not creasing on your eye .
 The tip was way too small and when I tried to useIt , it seemed all dried up . It did n't even show up on my eye.I tried to go over my eye again but you couldntEven see anything . I never could use it . Waste of money
 Ive always loved the Earth Therapeutics hydro sponges . They really were top notch , and possibly they still are but not in this 12 pack . They are the opposite of plush , the material is just lacking . Honestly the ones I got from the dollar store are better . The handle , which is made from the same material as the loofa itself , is smaller than usual . All in all its just not that great of a product . Maybe in the 3 pack they are still plush , but not this pack . So look for something else .
 I hate this eyeliner ! I used the other Maybelline Liquid Eyeliner in the cone bottle and it was perfect but since they discontinued that I turned to this . The brush is not the felt tip like the other one but rather a thin bristle brush so it was very hard to apply . I had to re-dip a few times just for a thin line . The quality is just not the same . I ended up throwing the bottle away after 2 uses .
 the price is outrageous compared to all lip polishes , this is the only one high priced , and , i do love this one ...
 After reading the reviews on this product , I decided to use my gift certificate on this . While the product suds up nice , the aroma some people brag about was not evident to me . The productly smelled faintly during use , but was not noticeable after use . Was n't what I expected from the highly touted Philosophy line .
 I recieved this product and it was like the tube was empty . I had more mascara in my currently empty tube then what came in this `` supposed '' new tube . Very disappointing , waste of money
 I 'm surprised about the amount of women happy with this product . I find it requires several layers and applications to be visible enough , it 's not very waterproof at all and flakes off . Turns out spiky & gloppy bec . of the 2-3 layers required to see it . Never will I buy this again .
 Lies lies lies . I should n't have believed these positive reviews !! This is like mascara from early 90s or something , just black stain on your lashes , that put your lashes TOGETHER and clump . Oh yes it 's waterproof so it gets a one star , thats the only good thing about it ... it definitely is n't pretty !!!! And NO IT DOES NOT ADD ANY VOLUME . Wasted my money thank u very much ! Sigh . I want my money backkkkkkkkkk !! Grrrrrrrr and I bought this for my wedding !!! D : < I should 've gotten l'oreal voluminous waterproof mascara instead ...
 I 've used the water proof mascara in the pink and green tube 4 ever . this does n't cover well nor does it stay on . you can barely see I have anything on . the only plus is no raccoon eyes and it 's gone by bedtime .
 I would not use this simply because it pulls out your lashes and is impossible to remove . I used eye makeup remover as recommended . I still have it on my lashes after scrubbing it of with a cotton balls . My eyes are all red now . DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT !!!
 i did not like this product at all . it didnt even exfoliat my skin , the beads in it dessolved way too fast to do anything
 I ordered 8 of these Lining Pens as I had purchased one while in Europe and loved it . I was very disappointed in the product I recieved as all of them are good for about one use , and then are too dried up to get any product out after that . I thought maybe it was only one or two of them that were bad , but they were all the same . Considering how much I spent on them , this was a very bad investment .
 I had settled on this shampoo as my personal favorite because of its natural ingredients , moisturizing properties , and the way it left my hair feeling . It also smelled great.Sadly , I can no longer recommend this product . Earlier this year -LRB- 2006 -RRB- Nature 's Gate reformulated its Organics shampoos , subordinating most of their natural ingredients to chemical ingredients and adding several more chemicals . Most disturbing , the company added parabens -LRB- methylparaben and propylparaben -RRB- , which many health-conscious consumers do n't want in their body care products . The absence of parabens in the original product was a key reason why I chose this shampoo to begin with.I 'm very disappointed that Nature 's Gate has adulterated what was one of the best shampoos I ever used . The new formula does n't even smell the same . As far as I 'm concerned , Nature 's Gate is more interested in profits than people 's health . I 've switched to another brand .
 This product tends to get tangled easily in hair and can be difficult to un-tangle . We spent a lot of time tryign to remove from my daughter 's hair without pulling the hair out . Also , if your child has thin hair , the gems will not stay in and will slide right out . Overall , just not a very practical item .
 EPIC CLUMPY SPIDER-LEG LASHESThis product is absolutely wretched . It 's dry , it clumps , it looks horrible - like my lashes are made of coal.It does n't flake or smear , but it 's also a nightmare to get off - even with jojoba oil .
 Maybe its just me , but this mascara was a mess ! the brush was loaded with clumps and made my eyes drag . Didnt like it at all used it three times and that was it into the trash it went .
 i love the regular version of this mascara , i think it gives you gorgeous lashes and thickens them really well , so i was so excited to try this mascara and i an so disappointed because this mascara , while its not runny at all it flakes like crazy when you go in the water . do n't spend your money on this , just get the regular for when you do n't want waterproof mascara .
 I bought this for a special night , went on nicely and looked good before I left the house . Since it was waterproof I felt confident about not checking my makeup -LRB- which was the point of buying waterproof . Well , I was mortified when I got back home and I looked like `` the Crow '' I was so embarrassed because I had been talking to people all night long looking like a fool . Then , to add insult to injury , I used eye makeup remover , soap , olive oil and everything I could think of and it would not come off . The black just kept coming off onto washcloths and cotton balls . It was never ending ! The skin under my eyes was so raw . FOR 4 DAYS I had raccoon eyes when I woke up and throughout the day . Unbelievable , worst mascara I ever bought .
 Says it 's waterproof but smears sooo easily just from wearing it for a couple hours . When you wash your face , you get racoon eyes , then you wipe off with make up remover , then you go to sleep and next morning racoon eyes again ! How many times do I have to remove this from my lashes ? I do n't wan na start rubbing my eyes til they hurt just to get this stuff -LRB- that smears -RRB- off . I 'm returning it .
 I used this mascara once , and I 'm done . The package says that it 's waterproof and long wearing , neither of which is true . I had the same experience that it makes my undereye area dark after a few hours without touching my eyes . If you do touch your eyes , it smudges everywhere . Stay away from this if you plan to wear it longer than an hour or so .
 I agree with the other recent reviews ... if this ever lived up to it 's name , it no longer does . I tried it and wished I had read the reviews . I ca n't go for more than an hour without cleaning up the circles of smudges under my eyes from this mascara . I DO NOT Recommend it !
 I used to love this mascara , but they must have changed it ! The waterproof used to be perfect for me - no smudges under my eyes , but not true anymore . I have to check the mirror all day to make sure that I do n't have racoon eyes ! And I do n't ever rub my eyes - this is from normal daily wear . I have to say I 'm disappointed . I 'll be going back to Covergirl Lash Blast - it does n't lengthen as well , but at least it stays where it 's supposed to !
 I think anyone into cologne or perfume has smelled this -LRB- assuming they have n't owned it -RRB- on at least a dozen others.Curve is the kind of scent you would expect to find littered around a college campus . Its a heavy synthetic smell , with a brutal starting point bubbling with artificial lavender and berry , and finishing to a warm but overbearing citrus and sandalwood base.Curve smells good if its applied extremely lightly , but this is never the case.The target audience would be young men ages 14-21 . I bought my first bottle -LRB- the four ounce -RRB- when I was a freshman in high school , and I have n't been able to finish even half of the bottle through the years.Prospective buyers should definitely give it a test run .
 Smell is good but it fades away within 15 mins . would not recomend to buy this product .
 As another has stated , I purchased this hoping to get a great bargain . I received it in perfect condition and everything looks just as it should . I sprayed myself before leaving to work and noticed that by the end of the day , I could not smell a thing on my shirt . All other cologne I have bought , including the smaller version of Curve which I bought at a department store , all persist all day long . The scent does not diminish until washing the garment . Now that I noticed , I tested and sprayed my shirt again and like stated in another review , it seems to last anywhere between 15min - 30min then the scent fades drastically . It 's almost as though someone filled 3/4 of the bottle with alcohol . I would either look to another source that has verified product . You have been warned !
 I dropped this brush after about a week and it broke where the metal band is on the handle of the brush . I have always owned conair brushes , and before this one , I have never had a problem . I attempted to super glue it back together -LRB- after all it is only a hairbrush -RRB- , but I dropped it some time later and it broke again and I lost the metal band , so there was no fixing it after that . I went back to using my old conair brush , even though it has seen better days .
 I used to have this brush , and there are many prblems with it . I will list a few so as to make this review as short as possible : - the bristles make your hair staticky-the first time i dropped it , it broke in half along the silver part of handle-it gets easily tangled in hair-when trying to blow dry hair with it , your hair gets frizzy and it doesnt help the drying process at all , unlike most other round brushes.I hope this review will be helpful to anyone wanting to buy this brush.-GymStar < 33
 At first , I absolutely loved this hair brush ... Until it started falling apart ... The second time I used it , it broke in two pieces , but with some glue I could fix it . The other times I used it the bristles started to fall , so much that at this time about half of them are missing !!!! The worst part is that I have had it only for about three months ... I am very dissapointed because if it was n't for the bad quality of the brush I would have loved it , because it made my hair look so soft and smooth . I am not a U.S. resident so It is not so easy for me to return the item , so the best thing I can do is keep other girls from wasting their money !
 The brush broke after 2 months of use . It was great for 7 weeks then fell apart . Pick something else .
 I second the comment above about the fragility of this brush . I have had it a week , during which it worked pretty well on my fine short hair . I dropped it this morning from a height of around 3 feet , and the handle broke off from the head . Very poor quality , wo n't be buying a Conair brush again .
 Ever drop your brush in the bathroom ? Well if you have do n't buy this one . It may be an eye catching red and have tourmaline technology , but prepare for it to break where the silver band is inserted into the handle . Before it broke in 2 I did not notice shinier , smoother hair .
 Hi all , This would be the perfect hair brush , except that I dropped it about 3 feet & it broke in half.I think it 's safe to assume that people drop their hair brushes . So Quality Assurance should have made sure they created a break-proof product.I 'm not going to send it back , as the postage/handling would be $ 3-4 , and the brush only cost me $ 8 , so I 'd be throwing good money after bad
 So this is my day of interest yesterday ... I bought a tube of Volumionous mascara and used it for the first time . While it was n't very lash-building , it darkened my lashes really nicely so I was pleased.I go to work ... for a few hours I do my usual work activitities then my boss comes up to my desk and is talking to me , looking at me really really funny . Asks if everything is ok . VERY odd.You might guess where this story is leading ... about 30 min later in need of a potty break I head to the restroom.OMG !!!!! This was WAY beyond mascara flaking or smudging ... it seriously looked as though someone had come by my desk , punched me hard in the right eye , did a twirl , then came back and socked me in the left one . Hard . Literally BLACK all around my eyes . Now , I 'm 43 . I 've used a lot of mascara in my day , both waterproof and not waterproof . I do n't go a day without mascara but , my friend ... this took the cake.Now you may be wondering ... did I inadvertently rub my eyes to cause this ? I 'll put it this way , I wear hard contacts . If I TOUCH my eyes they 'd hurt ... so I do n't . EVER . rub . them.I gave it another whirl just to be sure this morning after I saw a good review ... I thought maybe some fluke of nature caused such heinous results.Nopers . I swear to you there was more mascara UNDER my eyes than on my lashes.My colleague saw my results -LRB- with loads of laughter , mind you -RRB- and swore up and down I did n't buy the waterproof one . I checked . It says waterproof.I can not IMAGINE jumping in a pool or the rain with this stuff on.It 's spending sometime with a few envelopes and a couple baggies right now in my trash can.I hate wasting something ... but it 's far worse of a waste of my lashes to create an instant goth effect with this stuff !
 i bought this product and was very disapointed !!!!!!!!!!! it wouldnt show up on m skin and then it would have to be over done when it shown if it was not over done it would be non visable.and it clogged my pours and gave me a big pimple after it wasnt supposed too it said wont clog your pours so i used it and i have sensitive skin may be if you have different skin in wont but i am never using this product again and i got it for a $ at the dollor store so it is not like i wasted my money.but still for the normal price it is not worth it you can use it if you have normal skin but dont be surprised if you get pimples and it doesnt work .
 The lip liner would not turn to bring up the makeup . Was able to use the lip liner twice . Would not purchase this product again .
 I 'm a 51 year old woman whose eyebrows have been getting a little thin at the ends . I thought this product would be a good way for me to get a nice , even brow . Based on the reviews I purchased it . It has been a big disappointment . First , the brush that comes with the kit can only be used with the stencil so if the stencil is n't the shape you want you wo n't be able to use the huge brush that comes with it you 'll have to acquire a different brush . The eyebrow stencils are all quite thin , even the one marked thick and all are very angular . If your natural eyebrows are more rounded like mine the stencil just wo n't fit . Also , while other reviewers said the product stayed on all day I have to mention that the first time I used it I accidentally brushed up against my eyebrow right after applying it and completely erased that eyebrow.I tried to use the stencil , more than once , just on the ends of my eyebrows with limited success . I tried using the eyebrow color on it 's own with no stencil and a different brush but truthfully , I have some Maybelline eyebrow powder color that was half the price and does just as good a job . I 'd probably like this product if I had a different stencil that more accurately fit my eyebrow . For now , it 's a disappointment . I would n't recommend this . I have gone back to my eyebrow pencil .
 I ordered the lightest shade -LRB- tan -RRB- becaused I am blonde . When applied it has a reddish cast , which certainly does n't look natural .
 After reading the good reviews about this product , I decided to try it . It is extremely light on my dark skin , it 's actually lighter than my actual eyebrow color . Maybe if I got black I would have been more satisfied . But I bought dark brown from a different vender and it matched perfectly and was less powdery as this one . So I would not recommend this , not good quality .
 I was really excited to get this , because I have very sparse eyebrows . Honestly , it was very disappointing . It 's no where near dark brown , it 's more of a greenish brown colour , I 'm not sure what hair colour you would have to have for it to match . The stencils are ok , they 're better than a lot that are out there .
 did nothing for me.Would not recommend . Not even a good mascara . I found Maybeline 's the Falsies Volum Express Mascara did thicken and made my lashes look longer . Lasts all day . I have not found anything to Actually permently thicken and lengthen lashes .
 I would not recommend this to anyone . It is sticky & has a wierd burnt smell . The liquid looks dark brown . It was labeled with a ball point pen .
 This was n't particularly chocolatey to my nose . With a name like &#34; chocolate &#34; , I expected something that would remind me of a candy bar .
 I love the smell of lemongrass but this was a little overwhelming and the soap seemed to dissolve away to quickly . Lathered up nice and left skin feeling good but fragrance was to strong for me .
 I HAVE ORDERED THIS PRODUCT BEFORE , FROM ANOTHER SELLER.EVEN THOUGH THERE IS A 2017 DATE , ON WRAPPER , WHICH APPEARS TO BE AN EXPIRATION DATE , THIS BAR OF SOAP , USED FOR THE FIRST TIME , HAD NO SUDSING ACTION , & MINIMAL FRAGRANCE , UNLIKE PAST PRODUCT USAGE .
 This is not a 6 pack ... only one bar of soap comes . Definitely disappointed with that false information . The soap itself is amazing , however .
 Icky , Icky , Icky.I received this soap as a gift and it was nasty . The best thing I can say is that it melted quickly in the tub .
 I love the smell of lemongrass but this was a little overwhelming and the soap seemed to dissolve away to quickly . Lathered up nice and left skin feeling good but fragrance was to strong for me .
 I HAVE ORDERED THIS PRODUCT BEFORE , FROM ANOTHER SELLER.EVEN THOUGH THERE IS A 2017 DATE , ON WRAPPER , WHICH APPEARS TO BE AN EXPIRATION DATE , THIS BAR OF SOAP , USED FOR THE FIRST TIME , HAD NO SUDSING ACTION , & MINIMAL FRAGRANCE , UNLIKE PAST PRODUCT USAGE .
 This is not a 6 pack ... only one bar of soap comes . Definitely disappointed with that false information . The soap itself is amazing , however .
 Icky , Icky , Icky.I received this soap as a gift and it was nasty . The best thing I can say is that it melted quickly in the tub .
 I HAVE ORDERED THIS PRODUCT BEFORE , FROM ANOTHER SELLER.EVEN THOUGH THERE IS A 2017 DATE , ON WRAPPER , WHICH APPEARS TO BE AN EXPIRATION DATE , THIS BAR OF SOAP , USED FOR THE FIRST TIME , HAD NO SUDSING ACTION , & MINIMAL FRAGRANCE , UNLIKE PAST PRODUCT USAGE .
 This is not a 6 pack ... only one bar of soap comes . Definitely disappointed with that false information . The soap itself is amazing , however .
 Icky , Icky , Icky.I received this soap as a gift and it was nasty . The best thing I can say is that it melted quickly in the tub .
 I love the smell of lemongrass but this was a little overwhelming and the soap seemed to dissolve away to quickly . Lathered up nice and left skin feeling good but fragrance was to strong for me .
 I dont like it all , it does nothing for my hair but make it frizzy . I still on the hunt for a good round brush . any suggestions ?
 I guess the coverage is ok , but I do n't like the texture . It does n't feel creamy and glide on like I want it to . It has a dry feel to it during application , but your skin does n't look dry after you apply it . As I 'm applying it , it dries up too quickly , and then I have to get more from the bottle . A little does not go a long way and I have to really rub to get it on . It also looks streaky after I 'm done . It 's hard to explain , but I just do n't like it . I prefer cover girl .
 it just to dry !!!! it cake and i did a pordect review on tubeyou by our women they did not like pordect and i do not like at all
 While my service through Amazon was outstanding , I am not pleased with the product . I 'm not sure if it 's the color or just the claim , but the foundation does not cover like the sight said . I 'm disappointed .
 I bought this for the smaller sharpener for eyeliner pencils . Urban Decay ones . It does not sharpen them . I 'll have to figure out how to get a sharpener that 's narrower .
 I dont like it all , it does nothing for my hair but make it frizzy . I still on the hunt for a good round brush . any suggestions ?
 A website shows that an item is currently in stock and it takes a seller 4 days to send you a cancellation of the order message . I was in a rush to get this product as a gift , and since Amazon is reliable was trying to get it here - though you can get it a bit cheaper from other websites ...
 I already have the body wash and was pleased with the product , the way the fragrance lasted , and the Templetree fragrance was unique and noticable , but with this moisture bodybalm , the fragrance was weak , and different enough for there to be no enthusiasm to finish the product.I would buy the body wash again but not the bodybalm .
 I 've used L'Oreal crayon automatic pencil for a few years now . i was having problems locating them in the stores that I shop at , so i decided to order it on line , my mistake . The product was old and smelled rancid .
 Overall , this is n't a bad sunscreen . It contains avobenzone , which is recommended by dermatologists for its broad-spectrum protection . The scent is light and not too objectionable . It 's a little thicker than some sunscreens , which makes it more difficult to spread , but it also ensures more complete coverage . One minor drawback is that it 's greasy and sticky , as are most sunscreens . But the worst problem is migration into the eyes -LRB- Coppertone products seem to be among the worst with this -RRB- . Since it 's advertised as waterproof and `` non-stinging '' and is specifically targeted for use on young children , you 'd think it would be safe to use close to the eyes , but such is not the case . My young daughter had a small amount of water splash her face , and she instantly felt the sunscreen stinging her eye . This was about an hour after application , and the amount of water that hit her eye was only a few drops . The debilitating discomfort persisted for the entire day and could n't be relieved by rinsing her eye with saline . -LRB- Water Babies is n't waterproof on the eyelids , but apparently it sticks pretty well to the eye itself ! -RRB- So the bottom line is that this sunscreen is acceptable for use on the body , but avoid using it anywhere near the eyes .
 This stuff stings when I put it on my face . -LRB- No problem for arms , shoulders etc. -RRB- My wife has no problem with it at all . Everytime my kids put it on , I ask them if it stings and they agree with me that it does . I have better luck with the Hawaiian Tropic with Parsol .
 The USPS does not deliver mail to my rural area so they provide a free post office box . This product was somehow sent to my home address so I assumed it would be sent back . I emailed the company to tell them it would be sent back to them and to ask how I should handle it to get it sent back to me . I was willing to pay the shipping again . But , they told me that they would have to charge me a 're = stocking fee ' . Maybe I can charge them a ' I had to open the package fee ' . Pfff
 I bought seven bottles of L'Oreal Mattique as I can no longer find it anywhere . The first bottle I opened has particles throughout the liquid in the bottle . It 's a pain to have to flick them off into a tissue . This NEVER happened when I could readily find L'Oreal Mattique retail . I am very disappointed . I 'll try one of the other bottles to see if the same problem exists there . I find myself not using it . I wasted my money . Before it had been discontinued , it had been my very favorite makeup -- non-oily , beautiful shade -LRB- Pale -RRB- , and it was the one my dermatologist recommended . I have found nothing like it in any other makeup brand . I loved it . Because it has been discontinued , maybe this is very old , stale makeup , and the particles would be what happens with stale , old makeup . I wish I could get my money back .
 I guess it 's old or something but I had to throw it away after two uses because it clumped on me and made me look like some televangelist 's wife ! I have used this product for years and it never did that before !
 Low bristle count on brush . The silver color was spray-painted on instead of molded into the plastic . The paint had already started rubbing off when I opened the package to inspect it 's contents . I 'd be embarassed to give one as a gift . It 's a cheap , Chinese made knock-off of a superior design I used several years ago . Definitely not worth $ 7.99 each .
 I had this less than 2 weeks , accidentally dropped it in the shower and the portion of the handle above the rubber grip broke off ! I 'll be investing in a more expensive wooden one next . This is a cheap piece of junk . Do NOT waste your money .
 I had this less than 2 weeks , accidentally dropped it in the shower and the portion of the handle above the rubber grip broke off ! I 'll be investing in a more expensive wooden one next . This is a cheap piece of junk . Do NOT waste your money .
 I was n't impressed with this mascara , because when I pulled the brush out of the tube , it was so full I had to clean it on the sides before I could put it on my lashes . Also , I was not used to the larger brush size . I normally use Clinique and their brush size is a lot smaller and easier to apply . I would n't buy this product .
 I read this was a really good mascara but I completely disagree ! It 's really gunky , uncurls my lashes , and clumps like crazy . I regret purchasing this product .
 It really did n't do much for my lashes and left rings under my eyes . I would n't buy it with my own money , and would n't recommend it to other people .
 do they even make fake loreal mascara ? the printing on the cardboard looked really cheap , and the brush , and tube did not seem up to standards .
 I think they stopped selling this product in stores near me , so since I had used it regularly before I went to buy it online . The product was drier than it should have been , so it flaked off and irritated my eyes . Defintely not the product it used to be , so I 'll have to find another favorite .
 L'Oreal produces great makeup products , no doubt about it - but they also test on animals , and completely needlessly to boot -LRB- most makeup manufacturers no longer test on animals and the EU actually has a phase out plan in place to eliminate most animal testing across the board in a few years -RRB- . So I prefer to spend my money elsewhere - Mary Kay is fantastic and so is ZUZU Luxe , among many others .
 I read this was a really good mascara but I completely disagree ! It 's really gunky , uncurls my lashes , and clumps like crazy . I regret purchasing this product .
 It really did n't do much for my lashes and left rings under my eyes . I would n't buy it with my own money , and would n't recommend it to other people .
 I was n't impressed with this mascara , because when I pulled the brush out of the tube , it was so full I had to clean it on the sides before I could put it on my lashes . Also , I was not used to the larger brush size . I normally use Clinique and their brush size is a lot smaller and easier to apply . I would n't buy this product .
 I was not satisfied with other L'Oreal products . I do not know what is wrong with that but that is not comparable to what I got before from the same brand but in store .
 I just received my mascara in the mail today and it looks like it came from a store that closed and this was the left over product . The packaging was sun faded and beat up . The worse part is that there is gross finger print residue on the front of the package like a little kid with Cheeto covered fingers touched it . I 'm not impressed and am quite irritated I wasted $ 10 on this product .
 L'Oreal produces great makeup products , no doubt about it - but they also test on animals , and completely needlessly to boot -LRB- most makeup manufacturers no longer test on animals and the EU actually has a phase out plan in place to eliminate most animal testing across the board in a few years -RRB- . So I prefer to spend my money elsewhere - Mary Kay is fantastic and so is ZUZU Luxe , among many others .
 If you 're on the go and do n't have time to touch your makeup up , then L'Oreal Perfectly Soft Liner is for you . It stays on for hours ! It did n't make my lips look dried out either , like some liners do !
 I thought this would be a very light , opaque shade of pink . But really , it has very little color but is loaded with silver shimmer . On me it looked very whitish and uneven .
 It was not dark enough . I have been wearying black berry and black orchard for a very long time , two of my favorite lipsticks . I found that it was not dark enough . I just so happen to go into a five dollars store , someplace I do n't generally go and they just so happen to have the perfect color , five left , and I bought all five . I never wore the lipstick I purchase from you again after I found the one I really wanted .
 The lipstick is old and on the verge of being rancid . I 'm very disappointed in the product and I wasted a lot of money since I bought four of them .
 The lipstick is old and on the verge of being rancid . I 'm very disappointed in the product and I wasted a lot of money since I bought four of them .
 Its such pretty color on the picture and its actually very very light in real ... too different!I was very upset ! dont buy online if you really know the name
 I ORDERED A LIPSTICK FOR THE FIRST AND LAST TIME FROM THIS COMPANY . I WAS VERY EXCITED TO RECEIVE MY PACKAGE SO QUICKLY ONLY TO BE EXTREMELY DISGUSTED AND DISAPPOINTED CAUSE MY LIPSTICK IS USED !!! I WILL TAKE PICTURES AND POST THEM ON HERE SO YOU CAN SEE HOW DISGUSTING THIS IS ! WHOEVER USED IT AND SENT IT TO ME MUST HAVE THE MOST DRIEST AND UGLIEST LIPS EVER ! YOU CAN SEE ALL THE LINES AND SMUDGES ON THE LIPSTICK !!! PLEASE SAVE YOUR 4 BUCKS AND GO SPEND A LITTLE MORE AT RITEAID CAUSE AT LEAST YOU 'LL BE GETTING SOMETHING NEW AND YOU CAN ALWAYS GET YOUR MONEY BACK IF YOU DO N'T LIKE THE COLOR . WILL NEVER ORDER ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN ! I 'M SO ANGRY BUT I 'M NOT EVEN GON NA BOTHER CONTACTING THEM CAUSE OBVIOUSLY THEY DO N'T CARE ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS .
 I ordered this product back when it was about $ 140 and let me tell you it was money well wasted . The product worked at first , then slowly stopped working , pretty soon I had more zits after I was done with the 2 months supply than before I started it ! Not only that , any excess product that I wiped off my hands with a towel totally bleached them .
 I only used this for two days as instructed the skin on my cheeks and around my nose is scaley and dry now from useing this product . If you have oily skin i think it would work well but everyone else RUN .
 the brand of lipstick my wife uses was no longer available locally . I found it on Amazon . It listed a package of two tubes for $ 17.49 . The price was close , as my wife was paying about $ 5.00 a tube . In ordering it on Amazon , I was forwarded to Worlh Shoppers which listed a package of this lipstick for $ 17.49 . I completed the order and when it arrived I was suprised to find only one tube in the package . $ 17.49 for a tube of $ 5.00 lipstick.I will never buy from World Shopper again , and using Amazon is marginal at best . Raynond Mally
 I 've been using this for 3 months now and it has n't even created a dent . Nothing . It 's like taking it for no reason . No hair growth , no change , not nothing . So maybe it works for some . It certainly does n't work for me . I 'll still continue to take this as recommended and if there is a sudden noticeable difference I will delete this review and repost with a higher rating . If I do n't come back , that means nothing ever changed and this product is bogus . That 's why no one is coming on here and posting that it actually works . All it really is , is Saw Palmetto , which is ` believed ' , but not proven to reverse hair loss . So these makers just upped the milligrams on the Saw Palmetto and called the bottle ` hair loss ' . It should be called , `` Saw Palmetto '' cause that all it really is with some additional extra herbs that are n't even potent enough to create a change . One bottle lasts a month if you take the recommended dosage.You can simply purchase a bottle of Saw Palmetto with the highest milligram content and take that for far less money than what 's going on here .
 This stuff does not even work a little bit . It claims that it works best in young males -LRB- early 20 's -RRB- Well I 'm 21 , and I tried the 3 month supply . I 'm about 21/2 months through , and I 've seen LITERALLY no improvement . I take the pills as directed and I 've had no results whatsoever . Please do not waste your time and money on this crap .
 Are nightmares supposed to be one of the side effects ? I 've had repeated intense nightmares while using the product . I 've had to stop taking the recommended two tablets in the evening . Now I take just one.Haven ' t noticed any differences with hair , but that is hard to quantify .
 This is totally unexpected . this time product is horrible , looks like old items ... smell horrible . Dont buy this item ever .
 They did n't work for me and taking them twice a day was getting troublesome . I noticed a decrease in energy , sex drive , and overall mood , but that could 've been because it was during the time when I realized I was losing hair .
 I havent purchased this item yet but , From what i can tell by reading the reviews so far is that it seems 50/50 And thats not convincing enough For me to let fo of my hard earned money ...
 I have used this item -LRB- 3 packs !!! -RRB- , it has NO effect!I have contacted them to give my money back but they did n't respond !!! Avoid them please !
 Its been more than a month and have finished one bottle of procerin tablets but dint see any improvement in my hair fall . Better to try a different product .
 I 'm 25 and in the beginning stages of male pattern baldness . Tried this for 2.5 months and have seen no improvement . There is no credible study to prove that this pill does anything nor is it approved by the FDA . I would n't recommend it .
 It came on time but the tablets were old and very toxic smelling and give me bad reactions in my body and head after taking them quite a few days -LRB- almost 2weeks actually -RRB-
 I 've read the reviews , with people raving about this product , so I 'm sure it works for most people . However , this is definitely one product you need to be careful with . Test it over a weekend because if you are allergic , you are going to need the time to recover from it . My mom bought it first and after a few weeks of use , she 'd had the tingling and some redness that the product says are normal until your skin adjusts . She did n't think anything about the cream until one day when she realized she was having a severe reaction to it . Her face swelled up like a balloon , and you could barely see her eyes . She took Benedryl in large doses to stop the reaction , and it took her about a week to look normal . She did not get it near her eyes . Her pharmacist said they are seeing lots of people with reactions to skin creams lately , so perhaps there is a new chemical that products are using . Your reaction will depend on your individual tolerances , and there 's no other way to know unless you try it.Since my mom is allergic to many things , and I am generally not , she gave the cream to me to try . For two nights , I tried it on a small portion of skin on my chin , and I had no problems . On Friday night , I put it on my forehead , chin , and below the cheekbones , to test it on a larger area away from the eyes . Wow , was my reaction different ! Saturday , my eyes were red and felt a bit warm , and they watered a lot . By that night , I did n't apply it again because my tongue and lips tingled , along with my hands , and I knew it was a reaction to the cream . By midnight Saturday , 28 hours since I 'd first applied it in a larger area , I was also getting out the Benedryl to stop the burning feeling . I 'm writing this about 6pm Sunday , and I still feel tingling in my face and hands and tongue , my face feels tender and warm , and the skin on my eyelids and under my eyes is bright red . Believe me , I did n't get it anywhere near my eyes and I washed my hands after applying it.It is a shame some of us react this way , and there are some people who will say we did n't apply it right , or test it properly . I know that in my case , that is n't true . I 'm not sure what is in it that would cause this kind of severe reaction , but it is up to you to try it for yourselves . I 'm not criticizing the product with my rating , but by rating it low , people might read a warning that could help them . As I told my mom , when our faces were swollen up , they are right - we have no wrinkles !
 The night time wrinkle cream is highly scented with perfume and causes eyes to water and sneezing . why is it necessary for a night cream to contain perfume !? If you have sensitive skin or sensitive to perfumes do not buy this product .
 I would honestly love this if it were n't for the fragrance . It seems to work great , but I just ca n't get past the smell . The fragrance is way to strong for something that 's going on my face . I wound up going back to my old standby , Neutrogena , because the texture is very similar and it does n't have an offensive fragrance .
 I did not have good luck with this product ! I broke out with zits & after two weeks of using I have stopped . I wish I would have tried it longer for better results , but the wrinkles look worse with acne !
 Purchased this product along with the other roc products in this line . as with the others this is a waste of money . Deep wrinkle removal is definitely not what you get . This does n't even remove or improve small wrinkles or fine lines !!!
 I 've been using all the Roc retinol products for over a month now -- day and night creams , as well as the eye cream -- and have noticed NOTHING at all . I do n't experience any redness or peeling , either , nothing to make me feel like anything is going on . No change in wrinkle appearance at all . The only thing I notice is that the eye cream burns a bit when I first apply it , which is a bit disconcerting . But there is no redness and the stinging goes away quickly . I plan to continue using the creams for a full 12 weeks , as they recommend , to see if I can notice a difference . But so far , I see nothing , feel nothing . Anyone else experience this ? Am I rushing things too much ? I do use sunscreen when I got out on my bike , etc. , even though the day cream has sunscreen in it . I have not noticed any dryness as other people have , but I do apply another moisturizer at night , as they recommend . For me , the jury is still out . If it works , the expense will be worth it -LRB- although it 's MUCH cheaper on Amazon , so I 'll buy it here from now on , if I continue -RRB- .
 I got this product due to the fact that it won allure best beauty product of 2010 and 2011 . It was not expensive too . After using for three days , my skin is tearing off my face ; the peeling of skin is dropping off my face and onto my body . If I use my hand to touch my face , I can get the peeled off skin on my hand . 80 % of my face is burned and very painful , the most painful area is the place near my eye . I now look so red that like a lobster since my face is completely burnned . I do not why I get burned by using this product since there has been no sun for these days and I do not go out at all . I also wore spf 50 face cream on top of my face . I have to see my doctor now.RoC Retinol Correxion Deep Wrinkle Night Cream , 1-Ounce TubeRoC Retinol Correxion Eye Cream , 0.5-Ounce Tube
 I would n't buy this product again . It did n't do what it said . I do n't see any difference on my face .
 I purchased RoC Retinol Correxion night Cream and it irritated my eyes and mademy skin burn . I could n't use it and the Amazon dealer refused my request for arefund . Very disappointing .
 Simple
 I did a search for `` 2012 formula 1 review '' , and this turned up . Do the drivers use this product ? I 'll bet Bernie does .
 This product is a waste of money does n't work . Used it for a month and saw no results . Save your money .
 I smoothed this cream on my face and neck , as the package directed . I woke up the next morning with a burn on all areas where the ROC night cream had been applied . Perhaps that is how it works ? It burns the wrinkles off ? Please test this cream in a small area before applying to your entire face and neck if you want to avoid my fate . The skin on my neck is actually peeling now , and it itches horribly ! OUCH !
 Roc Retinol Correxion Serum and Retinol Correxion Eye CreamI wish I would have read the reviews before purchasing Roc Correxion Serum and Eye cream . After one week 's usage , my skin is red , irritated and wrinkled like a brown paper bag . I am no spring chicken , having some wrinkling ; otherwise , I would not have used this product . I was hoping for at least a little improvement ; instead , my skin is parched , wrinkled and sensitized . Like another reviewer , I hesitate to smile and laugh because of the intense NEW WRINKLING ! I am disgusted and look ten years OLDER ! Years of meticulous skincare have been washed down the drain .
 I began using this product about 4 nights ago . Immediately I noticed a burning feeling around my eyes . I do n't consider myself to have sensitive skin . The label on the box said there may be tingling and redness . So , I thought it was normal . I 've continued using the product , trying to stay away from the area around my eyes , but the area is red , peeling , and looks swollen . I did n't read on the label where it was harmful for the eye area , and that 's the area I was most interested in improving . I wo n't be using this product anymore as the area around my eyes looks far worse than it ever did before . Maybe the actual eye cream works .
 This product did not work for me . In fact , it made my skin worse around the eye area , which was the area I was most concerned with . I had red bags and more wrinkles under my eyes after using this for a week . I 'm back to using a less expensive and less irritating collagen elastin based cream .
 If you have sensitive & dry to combination skin , DO N'T use this product.PROS
 BUYER BEWARE ! This product dried my skin out terribly , and burned my skin in several places . I am seeing a dermatologist next week . Do n't waste your money !
 My eyes became tender with the first time I used it . My eyes then became irritated after the second day of using it . Only two applications , and it became red , itchy , and irritating . It has been three days since I have stopped using it , and my eyes are STILL itching , albeit less and less each day , but still . My doctor gave me something to stop the irritation if it continues to persist . I have never been so disappointed .
 I have been using this product for the last 6 months straight on my forehead , applying the cream every other night before bed . This product has not smoothed out any wrinkles . Also , the product has a slight drying effect , so I stopped using it around my mouth as the dryness was the most noticble in that area . I regret all the time and patience I put into this applying this product , and I would have loved for it to actually work for me like it has worked for so many others .
 Was really hoping at the least for a visible improvement even if only I could see . Read the reviews before I purchased and it may have worked for others but for me - I 've wasted my money .
 I 'm not sure if I 'll ever find out if this cream works . I may not be able to tolerate the strong perfume added to it . I wish beauty product manufacturers would figure out that too much perfume is not better .
 I am 41 . I used this product all 12 weeks and only missed a few days . It made my skin burn and red . it did diminish my wrinkles but only very slightly . I would not recommend this product . Do n't waste your time or money .
 Hi I just bought this product a few weeks ago off of amazon . I have just been putting it on the underneaths and corners of my eyes to hopefully stop more wrinkles from appearing there.The box does say that you will have irritation the first few times you use it . So I used it for two nights . On the third day under my eyes were scaly , swollen , and red . My throat was hurting and swollen too I think from the allergic reaction.My eyes are finally starting to feel better three days after not using anymore . I am just disappointed that this product had such a strong reaction and wasted my money.If you have sensitive skin I would n't use this product . If you do buy this do small test areas .
 I purchased this cream as a result of the commercial on television and had great hope it might work . However , it does n't . I went back to using my Oil of Olay which I have used for years and years . I have also used a few of the other Retinol creams which also DO NOT work ... not worth the expense .
 I tried it and it totally burned the skin around my eyes -LRB- close to my cheekbone area -RRB- . It was stinging for days ! I have sensitive skin and I guess it was too strong or maybe I had an allergic reaction to something ... idk . Just beware ... if you have sensitive skin . Gave it to my older sister and she seems to like it fine and her skin is also ok as well so I do n't think there is anything wrong with the product it 's probably just me .
 Oh well , I gave it the good old college try . I 'm in my early 50 's and tried one half of my face with this product for 4 weeks and applied nothing on the other side . No difference . No changes . Oh well , on to the next product !
 I read somewhere in some oprah publication -LRB- or somewhere LIKE that -RRB- that by 50 a female needs a retinol product . this product was a really good price on amazon and it was a `` why not ? '' . This stuff dried out my skin like nobodys business . within 3 days -LRB- nights -RRB- of use I looked a good 10 years older . so , of course , I stopped and went back to the moisturizer I 've been using for a long time . It took about 2 weeks to undo the damage . retinol is NOT for everyone and it certainly did n't work for me .
 I have very sensitive skin . When I tried this product I had a feeling it was going to make me break out . I went a head and tried it.i had heard and read so many great reviews on it . I ended up breaking out with it so I never got a chance to see if it works ? I am going to look for this in Sensitive skin . I know ROC has products for sensitive skin but I do n't think they have this exact one ?
 This is my first experience with this brand . After the third or fourth day of use , when I woke I thought my eyes were on fire . They were swollen and burning . Instead of letting the product go to waste , I gave it to my sister . She had the same results . For both of us it took a few days for the burning to stop . I would not refer this product to anyone .
 This is just my second night of using this product so I do n't know if it will work or not . My problem is that it smells like `` old lady rose water . '' The stink is really strong and hard to take . Why do n't they make face products with no smell ... especially when you have to sleep in it ? I 'm hoping that if this product works that they will take my suggestion and start making a non-fragranced product .
 I searched the internet before buying this product and could n't find anything stating that this product contains parabens but I should have known since the ingredients list was not shown . Anyway , I got the package today and of course , it contains methylparaben and propylparaben . Parabens are synthetic preservatives used in cosmetics and personal care products , The danger lies in the fact that our bodies readily absorb parabens and studies show that parabens are hormone disruptors affecting our endocrine system by mimickng estrogen -LRB- in both men and women -RRB- . Excess estrogen as you may know has the potential to cause breast cancer . Lesson learned . I will not buy any more products without seeing the ingredients label . Amazon , you could improve by being more transparent for your customers .
 I had high hopes for the Roc Deep Wrinkle Night Cream since it had a lot of good reviews , and its Roc brand . However after about 7 months of use , following the directions exactly , I 've noticed NO improvement at all . I wish I had .
 This is the first time my skin has ever had a reaction to skincare . The only thing I love about my skin is that it never seem to react to anything I subject it to & I have no allergies when it comes to skincare . Now I can only say , most skincare . I love the ROC Wrinkle filler & bought it before trying this cream . The most sickening thing about this cream is that it gave me a break out which is rare . I now have 4 pimples which are rather red & yet , I do n't see any results . I felt a slight sting when I put the cream on , near the cheek & mouth area.I usually sort of wipe off remainder cream on my neck after applying it to my face & now , parts of my neck is rather red & itchy . UGLY !! Again I shall say , this is the first time this has happened so this cream is a very special cream indeed ! On a lighter note , I bought the eye cream of the same range & it was fine . I do n't see really visible results but it was easy to smooth on & comfortable to the eyelids . I 'll review that one when I have more time . I shall still to the ROC Wrinkle Filler from now on .
 Bought ROC retinol products after running out of retin a . This does not do the same as retin a. I could n't stand the perfume smell . It made me break out . Going back to using retin a.
 I could n't use this product more than a week because it filled my face with acne . I get random small pimples once or twice a month -LRB- even more around that time of the month -RRB- but this lotion made three pimples appear in my face by day 4 . I was n't 100 % sure if it was the lotion so I continued using it . At the end of the week I had around seven pimples all over my face . My face was not flattering from any angle ! I stopped using it right away and my face went back to normal in two weeks . Not ready to throw away all my money , I decided a few weeks later to try this on my boyfriend and see what happen . He noticed the same breakout problem without me saying anything about the lotion . I definitely would n't recommend this for anyone who 's prone to acne .
 After using this product for FOUR days , my skin starting HURTING !!! it was red , i could n't wipe my face with a towel anymore because it hurt that bad ! and it got SUPER dry and itchy and it is STILL hurting after i stopped using it for 5 days now . did n't see much result except that now my skin got SO VERY dry and its bothering me a lot!I bought another face cream today to soothe the dryness and the hurting . this cream is the WORST ! DO N'T buy it !!!
 I guess I have sensitive skin because I bought this specifically for the wrinkles around my eyes and it burned and flaked my skin without removing any wrinkles . After reading many of these reviews I guess I should have done my research first .
 I am rather shocked at the very strong , fake-flowery , 1950 's perfume that dominates this cream . It is so overpowering it marks hair , clothes , sheets , furniture , the whole area you inhabit . If you have a husband/partner who is sensitive to scent , better think about this . I can not bear using it , so much perfume on the face gives me an almost instant headache . Some people will like or not mind the smell , but I really hate it . It screams `` old fashioned , little-old-lady wearing too much bad perfume '' ! And of course , if you are wearing a perfume you like , this will overpower and ruin it . Why not make a face cream unscented ? This product is ridiculous !
 I bought this about 5 months ago and have been using it religiously every night and yet I see no effect on my skin . The pores are the same size , the fine wrinkles are still there with no change . . am regretting buying this product . Guess it does not suit my skin at all.What surprises me is that there is absolutely no change !!! :-LRB- -LRB- From a design perspective the cap is not user friendly ! Due to its length one keeps expecting more thread . . and then it suddenly falls off ... visually deceptive .
 i did n't notice a positive effect in skin appearance after using the whole contents of this product . it has a highly perfumed smell and a greasy finish on the skin .
 I have sensitive skin , am 58 years old and usually use Oil of Olay products . Thought it was time to possibly get rid of the few wrinkles that were appearing . I used the ROC Correxion cream and not much was happening . However , after 3 weeks , my face began to itch and then I noticed deep lines throughout my face . It became a nightmare . The deep wrinkles that appeared looked awful . I immediately stopped using the product . How could this ever be reversed was my concern . I used nothing on my face until the itching stopped -LRB- about one week . -RRB- Then I slathered my usual Olay moisturizer , and after two months , my skin is back to normal . My experience is not the norm , but just beware if you have sensitive skin .
 I praised this product at first . Then I took the time to find my super-duper readers and perused the list of ingredients . At the very long end of it , I asked myself this question
 Every day use with this WILL give you wrinkles !! Just way too strong !! Consider using this once a month . I used it for three days and looked like a burn victim !
 Horrible product , ended up with bad rashes after one use . Please be careful , before buying this product . I also tried the eye cream , that als caused rashes .
 Using this product for a year now and do not notice a difference in my complexion . I have normal skin , in my mid-30 's .
 I have read some reviews before I purchase this product , but it does not work on me . My skin became too dry , ugly flakes around mouth . I thought it was temporary till my skin gets used to retinol . I was wrong ! I stopped using it for a week , and reapplied on my face before bed time . My face turned like dried facial mask ! I am on progress to recover from this mummy skin .
 I have to be honest and say I have n't noticed a difference using this night cream . Maybe others have a different results but my pores and skin look the same . Its a nice cream but no real changes folks .
 I was so looking forward to trying this . Do n't , unless you so enjoy the piercing stink of perfume ! If they had fragrance free , I would try again .
 I bought this to supplement my normal nightly moisturizer . The packaging states that you may experience redness or tingling until your skin adapts tot he cream . For the first 2 days , I did n't feel anything , and I never applied the cream near my eyes -LRB- even though some well-known magazines and websites indicate that you can do this with this particular product -RRB- , but I did apply it up to my cheekbones . On day 4 , I woke up with a burning sensation so strong , I could n't even touch my cheekbones without wincing in pain . I ran for the bathroom and discovered a shiny , red , super-sensitive area that reminds me of the feeling after being burned . Turns out , I WAS actually burned ! I 'm not sure why or how or whether I got a faulty product , but the cream had caused a moderate chemical burn . My doctor could only guess that it was because my skin tends to be dry and more sensitive in the dry winter time.Needless to say , I never went back to the product , threw the rest of it away , and immediately told everyone to avoid it . Maybe this would work for someone with really thick , leathery skin , but I 'll never buy this brand again . This was a truly painful experience that has made me paranoid to trust any `` anti-wrinkle '' cream again . Wrinkles may be unsightly , but at least they do n't cause injury .
 after applying this product 3 times , the areas on my face looked burned or chapped . I had to stop using it .
 I 've been using the roC Deep Correction Wrinkle Cream morning and night now for about a month . I apply only to my forehead , between my eyebrows , to my nasolabial folds , and my neck . I 'm 40 , so my wrinkles are not deep or pronounced but I definitely have them . The pros
 I am 49 and like most , have developed fine lines around my eyes , etc. . I thought I would try Roc Retinol Correction Deep wrinkle cream . I used it for s week . A BIG mistake !!!!! I wish I read other people 's reviews before using it . Besides burning your skin , -LRB- and that ca n't be healthy -RRB- it has ADDED DEEP WRINKLES under my eyes all the way to the top of my cheeks . I now look 70 and have to wear sunglasses to hide my eyes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I do n't have sensitive skin either . I am hoping the aloe gel I got will help heal my skin . I feel if this DAMAGE is irreversible , me and whoever else this has affected should be eligible to file a class action suit !!! This is a condition that will affect our lives .
 I do n't know if this item works or not but I do not see a difference . It smells very nice though . But it says to not use it with other retinol beauty products so I stopped because I did not want to get more freckles . If it works for you , please let me know .
 After using for about 10 days my face looks like it has a severe sunburn , it is extremely dried out and inflamed . Anything I apply to ease the chemical burn only stings . I would n't recommend this if your skin is fair and sensitive .
 After using this product for 3 days , I felt a very burning sensation on my face and my face turned terribly dry and red . My face still looked terrible 1 week after I stopped this product . I do n't intend to use this product again .
 Cons - I bought this a few months ago in the Summer and I do n't feel for my skin type it works well . I live in the mountain west where it is not humid . I 'm 40 and have good skin and look younger than my age . I do n't have extra oily or dry skin . But given our weather , I wanted something that hydrates and sinks in . When I used it the first time , it just feels and looks extra greasy . It did n't allow me to put my mineral makeup on over it b/c it obviously clumped to the wetter areas even after 10 minutes . It actually looked as if I was living in a hot high humidity area based of the initial `` shine '' effect . If I did go with it , my face , if I touch it in the next couple of hours , just peels off in lotion/skin in little rolls - almost like I am wearing makeup too heavy.Pros - I started using it again in the winter for lack of a better lotion while I wait for something else , and I will give it this - it sunk it pretty much immediatly and did n't roll off as much - its thicker texture is nice for where I live providing I apply it for a day at home or before I go to bed . I guess I like it alright - but I would not go out of my way to buy it . I 've seen it at Sams Club a lot which makes me wonder if they oversell or if other people have the same experience I do . I would not go out of my way to buy it again given its performance . Its almost like a night cream ... . unless you have 20 minutes to waste in the morning - your makeup will not apply correctly as the base is still trying to figure out if it should sink in our roll off .
 I used this product for close to a year . I 'm 42 and my dermatologist had prescribed a retinol agent for me , but said I 'd need to find a day-time moisturizer with 30 + SPF as the retinol makes your skin even more prone to sun damage . There are n't many daily moisturizers with 30 + SPF . I found this one at Costco , and knowing it was in the higher end grocery store category , I thought I 'd give it a try . I was relatively pleased with the way it went on , but noticed that it did seem to take several minutes to soak in before my skin was ready to apply makeup to.Unfortunately , I started breaking out - with deep , frequent acne . My skin was a complete mess , and I was getting more and more acne scars . Not being particularly in-tune with things like this , and never having had issues with sensitive skin before , I just assumed the acne was due to a recent medication change , and due to hormonal changes . I 'd read a number of articles that said acne in your 40s was very common - and I just assumed this was a problem I was going to have to contend with . I went back to the dermatologist and told her what I happened . She prescribed prescription acne medicine , but suggested that I might want to try switching my moisturizer . She gave me a sample of CeraVe to take home.Being a bit dense about these things , I still did n't really give it much thought that it might be the ROC that was causing my acne issues . So the CeraVe sample sat in my drawer for months before I decided to try it . In the meantime , my face continued to break out . Finally I tried the CeraVe . I got a few applications out of the sample and thought it felt nice , but I still was n't thinking this might make a difference with my acne . On a whim , I bought a full bottle of it , and figured I 'd try it once my ROC was all gone . It 's about half the price of ROC , and also contains 30 SPF.Surprisingly , my acne completely cleared up within a matter of weeks after using the CeraVe , which is a non-comedogenic -LRB- sp ? -RRB- product . I still get a little acne -LRB- once a month -RRB- , but it 's very minor and surface-level . The deep acne is GONE . So , since I 've made no other changes to my diet or medications during this time , I can only conclude it was the ROC that was causing my skin to break-out . I just wanted to caution you , if you use this product , to watch for an increase in break-outs . If you get them , you might want to stop the ROC for a while to see if things improve . Good luck !
 I used this product as instructed , religiously . I really hoped , based on reviews on this site , it would work.Actually , in the beginning , I believed it was working . I found out , I , as probably many others , were deceiving themselves in one of 4 ways to justify their purchase :1 . -RRB- Different lighting does really produce different looking results , whether it be the angle of light or the quality -LRB- i.e. yellow or white light -RRB- .2 . -RRB- The product did nothing more than a good rich moisturizer , period .3 . -RRB- Their makeup is actually doing the trick .4 . -RRB- At night , you relatively expressionless face allows for a lot of fluid buildup and minor repairs in the `` cracks '' that give you a `` better '' look in terms of fine lines/wrinkles . But this wears off really soon after waking up.Judge yourself right before bed , without makeup , and any additional moisturizer , with different angles and quality fo light to see if this really works . I found out , that , it does n't . Best of all take pictures , under the same ocnditions , and check 1 , 2 , and 3 months later to see if there 's a difference and let a 3rd party judge them , not you.When examined objectively , this product does nothing . While retinol has been shown in pharmaceutical grade quantities to improve fine lines/wrinkles , I doubt this product has the same concentration -LRB- and they do n't list the concentration either , so good luck finding out what it is -RRB- . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 Do n't waste your money . This stuff does not work . I bought it based on other reviews . I 'm telling you not to spend your money !
 I put this on as directed . It stung a lot around my eyes , but I did n't wash it off because it said `` you may experience some irritation at first '' . Same thing next night , and I decided I 'd had enough & quit using it . But then over the course of about the next week , new wrinkles appeared under both eyes , really big prominent ones under one of the eyes . It seriously aged my facial appearance 10 years in a week ! I have actually now made an appointment with a plastic surgeon to see if it 's possible to reverse the damage.I 'm sure this is n't a typical experience or they 'd be out of business , but I am outraged . If I 'd taken close-up `` before '' pictures , they might be hearing from my lawyer .
 It DOES NOT contain Retinol or Retina A if you actually read the ingredients ... It actually contains their own formula that they call `` RETINOL CORREXION '' which contains other chemicals and a sunscreen ... it 's basically a scam .
 I ordered this product because of all the positive reviews . When I recieved it , I was very disappointed to find it is not fragrance free . After I applied it , I became congested and then it triggered a migraine . I wasted my money .
 This product does n't work any better than the other more reasonable products out there with the same results , very little difference in moisturizing for the face . I would not waste my money .
 The same thing happened to me that happened to This aged me ten years . I had some stinging but that went away and then I noticed the wrinkles and flaky skin under my eyes . My eyes even where swelling up in the morning . It took a few days for that to stop . My side affects took about two weeks .
 I feel bad giving a hippie mascara a bad review , but this mascara makes my eyes itch , and it 's runny , and smears a lot , and feels like it 's never completely dry .
 ... but this mascara is nowhere near as wonderful as the rest of the Ecco Bella line . Maybe it just is n't meant for use during summer temperatures , since it smudges so easily . After a few hours , it looked as though I 'd badly applied black eyeliner -- but it was just the mascara coming off . I now wear bareMinerals Big Tease mascara , which not only does * not * smudge , but is also free of the parabens found in this Ecco Bella formula .
 No where on the description does it explain that this is merely a pad that goes inside a compact ... which is not included.I feel ripped off . I am able to return the item but despite being a Prime item , I have to pay return shipping charges .
 The problem with it is that any time I try to sharpen the pencil , the whole point breaks off . Get 's expensive when you lose an inch or more after trying over and over to get a point !
 I ordered the cocoa eyeliner and it is really a bright copper color , not the brown color it appears to be on the website . I will try to send it back.The pencil seemed a little hard , I 'm going to go back to my Honeybee 's eyeliner . They have a much better natural gluten free product .
 This product might be vegan-friendly but when they say it 's `` pure '' how to they explain the use of two parabens in the ingredients ? I was searching for a natural , non-toxic mascara and this came up somehow . Watch what companies say and what they put into their products , because this is still an unregulated industry . The word `` pure '' does n't mean anything , neither does `` natural . '' You really have to look closely .
 I 've been in the process of switching all skin care products to all-natural/chemical free , and wanted to try a `` eco '' mascara . It is OK - goes on easy , does n't clump ; but it does n't really look like you are wearing mascara and adds zero volume or length . It made my eyelashes separated and more defined , but that 's about it . I had to use four coats to make it even look like I was wearing mascara -LRB- I usually use one coat of a Stila mascara -RRB- . So in summary - its good if you just want definition and a natural product , as long as you do n't care about volume or length .
 I suppose most &#34; natural &#34; mascaras wo n't work as well as the chemical laden stuff , but this is a real waste of $ 11 . It smears on your eyelid as you put it on , then looks like you 're wearing nothing at all .
 Too sticky and it clumpy on my lashes will not reorder , it also came off if my eyes teared and was expensive .
 Beware of &#34; cocoa &#34; ! It is really red - just what I need on my already reddish eyes . But it is well made , so I am saving it for lip liner or for Halloween.If you are looking for brown , the bronze is a light brown , and the seal is dark brown.I do think &#34; cocoa &#34; is a misleading name . Wish I had known , as it was the first I ordered .
 I bought this item , which I thought was a little pricey for a pencil , because I was having allergy problems with my eye makeup . It wo n't go on my lids . It 's also very flaky . I 'm disappointed and would not recommend it to anyone . It was not worth $ 13 . Thanks , Carol M
 The search for a good natural mascara continues . This does have few ingredients , but includes propylparaben , which received a high -LRB- bad -RRB- rating of 5 on the environmental working group
 This is one of the worst colors . It is supposed to be cocoa but it is very red . When you use it as eyeliner , as my husband put it , it looks like I have some kind of eye infection . It went right in the trash .
 I read all the reviews for this item before I bought it and saw only one person who said it was not as advertised -- that it was as hard as a colored pencil . I should have listened to that one review and ignored the others . It is not soft , by any definition , and is unusable as eyeliner . Waste of money .
 this pencil is hideous . all you reviewers must have been paid to give a good review - this is NOT a soft pencil - it is hard and the color does n't go on without a lot of pressure . i could have bought a similar item at the drugstore for about 3 bucks ! it 's like the colored pencils i used when i was a kid!since i tried to use it , i 'm stuck with an almost $ 15 pencil that is not at all as described .
 Sorry folks , received pencils - tested them all - did n't like em - not soft , do n't go easily on , difficult to spread , hard to control - expected more . Ca n't be the only one - do n't see a lot sold . This is the difficulity of purchasing items on line ; did n't bother to return them , most people do n't .
 DREADFUL is the kindest word I can come up with for Robert Piguet 's Fracas for Men . Oh my bloody stars it is like smelling Freon mixed with sewage from Tijuana that has been fermenting in an old cooler for about six weeks in the Mojave Desert . I have passed homeless men on the street that smell better than this travesty.I did a little research and there is a reason behind why it smells so bad . It seems this was created when Piguet was sold to a company called , Alfin Inc solely to cash in on the fame of Fracas for Women . When the company was sold Fashion Fragrances & Cosmetics Ltd. in 1995 this formula was dropped as a phony Piguet from the line . It was considered not a legitimate creation of the house of Robert Piguet by those in the know.I wo n't even bother to go into the notes since they are so noxious that I could not identify a single one as I ran screaming for the shower . The bottle is some kind of pseudo deco design with a huge ugly plastic cap . It shouts `` I am cheap , loud and classless and I do n't care ! '' through a bull horn as it rides on a unicycle down the center of Rip-off Avenue . Fracas for Men is the grand marshal of the bad taste parade .
 At less than $ 20.00 a Robert Piguet fragance is a bargain - that 's what I thought when I bought it - , when I received I knew I was n't right.It was a steal.It does n't has anything to do with the ladies fragance.Get yourself a $ 2.00 aroma at any drugstore and you 'll be more satisfied.Avoid it .
 I bought this hairdryer because there was no mention of `` ionic '' power or `` tourmaline '' or `` ceramic '' in it . I do n't know what that is and I do n't know why you ca n't buy a hairdryer without it any more ! All I know is it does n't get as hot as I need it to dry and style my hair . I have to take twice as long to get my hair done and I ca n't get enough heat to give it a curl where I want it and not enough to straighten the parts I want straight ! I get no volume or frizz control when I use that type of hairdryer either . I even called Conair to ask about it and they told me it does n't change the temperature of the dryer ... but I do n't believe it . I was so excited to see a dryer with a retractable cord on it ... but forget it . I will keep my old dryer with the messy cords and give this one away at Christmastime . : PPS - No problems with Amazon though !
 This item quit working after two uses , even though I followed all the instructions exactly . The exfoliating brush is very soft , so I guess if you have sensitive skin , it would be good . For my skin , which is not sensitive , I kept wishing that the bristles were a little stiffer.The cremes that come in the kit really are nice . Smell delicious and work nicely . Since the tool broke I have just been applying with my fingertips.I have contacted the seller -LRB- Pretika Corp. -RRB- directly to see how they will handle this . Will update the review when I hear .
 This product was old - not used , but old . Usually this product -LRB- which I have bought for many years from a different seller -RRB- , has a wonderful jasmine smell as it is jasmine oil . This product that i received had barely any - a typical sign that it was way past its expiration date . Feel extremely cheated and disappointed - can not trust this seller at all - SELLING WASTED/EXPIRED PRODUCTS ! What a crook/s !
 After a wonderful experience from Frownie 's Eye Gels , I expected great things for the wrinkles between my eyebrows and on my forehead . Do n't have deep ones but still nice to eliminate them . I feel this product did nothing . If there was a change , it was so subtle , it was n't even worth it . Now I do n't know what to do with all of these triangle stickers I bought !
 The paper material is very poor and difficult to apply , an elastic material would be much better.Becky
 I ca n't tell you if this product works on wrinkles , in theory it seems it could give you a temporary mechanical `` lift '' of your wrinkles but I will never know . Suspecting that sleeping in them might be too annoying to do , I tried them during the day . That was it , I could n't take it more than a morning and I had to rip them off my face . The pull and stickiness and stabbing sharp corners was so bad I could n't take it and pulled them off and never went back to them . Therefore I could not stay with the product long enough to know if it works . If you think compliance will be an issue for you , might think twice about purchasing this product . I wasted my money .
 They are like a cardboard , uncomfortable to sleep with and it very hard to take them off from face . They are terrible .
 It really does not work !!! I ca n't apply on my face , is only paper , do you understand me ???
 I have to wonder about all the 5 start reviews ? My experience is :1 . at bedtime-wash my face with facial cleanser2 . apply them exactly as described on the package and website3 . they barely stick on after spraying them with water4 . go to sleep , wake up in a few hours , they are all aready came off5 . in the morning pick up all the unstuck `` frownies '' and put them in the trash6 . look in the mirror and see absolutley no difference whatsoever.Dont waste your time or money
 Despite excitedly believing in the concept of Frownies , they caused me to break out with zits after a few days & after a couple weeks of no results at all I stopped using them . Zits are much more unattractive than smile lines . I had no trouble getting them to stick on at night or come off in the morning . My face is usually fairly relaxed but I could feel how the Frownies stopped me from moving my face even more . People with highly developed facial expression wrinkles will probably notice a bigger change & I think they are worth trying if you can find at a local drug store where they are pretty cheap .
 Very uncomfortable and itchy ... Did n't make it thru one night ! . Hard like cardboard stuck to your face - save money and use an envelope flap instead !!
 The stickers are too big so I had to cut them to fit my face properly . Also , the glue is messy , and because the stickers are big and hard , they do n't adhere well/evenly on your face . Too much of a hassle , so I stopped using them .
 You need to add water to the back of the patches for them to stick on your face . They do n't stay very well by the outside corner of the eyes . When they stick , they feel so tight that I could n't even yearn . I yearned twice and the patches just peeled on one sides.It would feel the same if you glue a piece of paper and put it on your face . it 's that uncomfortable .
 I was excited to try these and ordered them very recently.I tried them once -LRB- for crows feet -RRB- - they were very fiddly to separate -LRB- like cardboard paper with perferations on them -RRB- - they come in a concertina folded style all in one pack , so to speak . I did n't expect that - I thought they would come already in size , separate and ready to use.It looks and feels like cardboard , it was very uncomfortable and I did n't like it one bit - I took them off more or less straightaway - so I ca n't honestly say if they work or not - but my eyes were very sore and it felt like sandpaper residue on my skin afterwards which was difficult to remove . My eyes were sore for a day or so . Note
 This was a total waste of my money and my opinion is do n't waste yours cause you 'll regret it . Let nature take it 's course .
 These patches remind me of pieces of envelope paper with glue on them . They have hard edges which I find uncomfortable and itchy . It 's difficult to sleep with them on and in the morning , yes they temporarily flatten lines , but at the expense of a border in the shape of the Frownie showing all around the area they were plastered to . A few facial expressions later and , voila ! , you have the border AND the wrinkle . Do n't waste your money .
 Maybe I started too late :o-LRB- but I wore these every night and never saw even the smallest bit of improvement . Waste of money .
 This product is nothing but paper tape . when you pull the skin to apply the frownies the hard edge of the tape makes another crease . i would not recommend this product .
 This flat iron is poorly designed . The temperature control button is located in the exact place you hold the iron and so it is way too easy to accidentally change the temperature setting . The controls should be on the inside of the handle or somewhere else to avoid hitting them every time the iron is picked up .
 The coated plate going deteriorate by peeling and it do not warm enough . It seem no be a ceramic flat
 I bought this hair straightener for it 's brand name having heard that Hot Tools was a good product to purchase . I am not doubting that this is true with other straighteners , but this one was not so great . The way it was designed had edges that pulled out my hair during straightening . And the plates started peeling and exposed the other metal that was beneath the coating . I had to buy another straightener only a few months after purchasing this one .
 We bought it based on all of the five star reviews , but are so disappointed in it . My 7 year old has nearly waist length hair and a very tender head . Yes , it is true that it gets the tangles out , but the pain is worse than any brush . It is bulky and awkward to hold . The teeth on it are made out of hard plastic , so if it touches her head or back she cries . The Tangle Tamer vibrates to help remove the tangles , so it grabs her fine hairs and pulls so hard that it snaps and breaks the strands . We used it 3 times before I gave up . I would n't recommend it .
 Broke the first time I used it on my daughters hair . So annoyed that I waited like a week to g it and when I. Go to use it it just stops . Probally old or something
 i tried it on my and my son 's hair and it took forever to detangle one little section and i just dont got all day . I 'll just stick with my paddle brush .
 This product did n't work well at all and it was a waste of money for me , I was excited to try it and was very disappointed .
 It 's really bad product , not doing anything really ... I would have return it if I would n't already throw away the packaging . Totally not worth the money !
 My daughter has eczema and is allergic to all chemical sunscreens that we have found . Unfortunately , she has also had problems with the blocking sunscreens . Her dermatologist recommended Vanicream and after looking at all the reviews , I thought this may be our answer . I bought the Vanicream Sport SPF 30 sensitive skin and the Vanicream Sensitive Skin spf 60 . She tried the Vanicream Sport for a while and it seemed to work during the day , but after she came home from soccer practice , she had broken out in a rash . Strike one . She then tried the Vanicream Sensitive Skin SPF 60 a few days later and broke out immediately . So , still looking for something that she 's not allergic to ...
 I ca n't stand this set . First - it 's huge -LRB- my fault for underestimating its size -RRB- . Second - the rollers are so heavy that they fall out of my hair as soon as i move or breathe ! The clips that come with it are cumbersome , and leave marks in my hair . This was meant to be a stay at home set . What I 'm really looking for is a 6-roller set , like an old Clairol , with velvet flocking , that was compact , stayed in my hair when used , and gave a great set . Oh yes , and with dual voltage for travel . That does n't seem like it 's asking too much . Manufacturers - anyone listening ?
 I had read another person 's comments about how easily the lid cracked and that is so right . The clips just can not be arranged to store evenly , and , after finally giving up on trying , the lid just snapped when I tried to close it over the rollers and clips . The unit is , also , quite large and takes up more space than any other hot rollers I 've owned . Do n't waste your money .
 I was searching for a `` pure '' lotion without any harsh ingredients and was excited to find this . I was extremely disappointed for a couple of reasons :1 . Smells horrible after several minutes , smells like throw up with a hint of fruit . .2 . Does not work for dry elbows/knees3 . Did not make my skin feel smooth or hydrated/I honestly can not believe I paid 17 dollars for this lotion . It did nothing for my skin and there is not that much product for the money.I want my money back : /
 I 've used `` light '' blonde shades pretty frequently over the years , and this one came out way paler than I expected . I know L'Oreal hair color is a bit lighter than other brands , I did n't think it was THIS much lighter , it 's more light an extra light ash blonde . From comparing the boxes and the swatches , it looked like this would just be a shade lighter than L'Oreal 's Champagne blonde with a cooler tone which is what I was going for . My hair is pretty much platinum blonde right now , and it looks almost white . This is n't really a bad color for someone else , but it really washes me out and it 's not what I wanted or expected when I bought and used it.Also , it was a lot more damaging than Superior Preference is on my hair . My ends are incredibly dry and frizzy , and my hair wo n't stop tangling . I was also surprised by how little dye there is . My hair is just a little below my shoulders , and not all that thick -LRB- not thin either though -RRB- and only barely had enough to cover my whole head , and even then the last pieces I did were n't covered as much as I 'd have liked . I was very worried I 'd have chunks of a different color in the back.I 'm far too disappointed to use this brand or shade again . I think I 'll try out the John Frieda color , and hope that works better .
 I purchased this hair color in `` Light Beige Brown 6BB '' and it is anything but a light brown . My hair is a dark burgandy red !! It looks terrible and I ca n't wait for it to fade . If you are going to use this hair color I suggest picking out the color you like and then going down 2 shades lighter .
 I liked the idea of the beige blonde look , but it made my hair more like a dark beige and it turned it a silver grey color , which was pretty but not what I wanted . Luckily , it washed out with a lemon juice and conditioner mix that I used . I also liked the idea that it softened mature features , but with the silver grey in my hair , I felt like it made me look older .
 I have been using Excellence Dark Chocolate Brown 4AR , for a few years and the color has always been perfect.I had purchased 3 boxes of hair color from this vendor . I applied the first box of color , and my gray roots turned bright copper . Thinking it was a fluke , I applied the second box of color 2 weeks later and AGAIN , bright copper roots.I called L'Oreal and was informed that the hair color I was sold , is outdated and had expired quite some time ago.A word to the wise . . take caution in buying hair color from this vendor , it is beyond annoying , and a waste of money !!
 Super stoked on the price but when it came , it looked as if it was made in the 90 's . There is not even an expiration date on the stuff . The coloring is even off a bit and I 'm going to contact Loreal to find out when it was made and what kind of expired effect the chemicals are having on my head . Dont like the fact that I 'm having to do this -LRB- color my hair -RRB- , and now it 's even worst knowing that the molecules in this stuff is breaking down and forming someother compound . I think I 'm going to throw it out !! It 's burns my scalp ! I had to go to target and buy `` new '' coloring that obviously is not made a decade ago . Not happy about this one .
 did n't even lighten my roots . I 'm going back to preference light ash blonde pro keratin . And my hair was like straw . I was angry that I had to deep condition for 3 days straight . Pissed .
 This product did not even come close to the package description . Since I have to use twenty words I thought I might describe my hair after applying the dye as witch black , muddy , flat , black dripping color , black ink like , soupy black . There is not one ounce of brown tone in my hair . Thank goodness for color dye removing products .
 I like this haircolor a lot and have been using it for years . It gets good gray coverage and is a nice medium brown . The problem is in the fine print . This color comes in both `` warmer '' and `` cooler , '' according to the fine print on the right of the box , next to the color number . My friend who is a hairdresser says `` warmer '' gives better gray coverage , which is definitely what I need , and I like warmer tones better in general . The picture on the Amazon website clearly says `` warmer '' on this box , yet when I order , they send me a box of `` cooler . '' Not cool ! I so far have been able to exchange it at drugstores that carry the warmer version , but it is hard to find in stores also . Amazon , PLEASE , stock and send me the warmer version , because according to the picture , this is what I am ordering ! If you do , this review will go from one star to five !
 when I ordered 2 of this item , the title AND description stated it was `` L'Oreal Paris Excellence To-Go 10-Minute Cr&egrave;me Colorant , Natural Black '' . Instead I got the regular , 40-minute L'Oreal product -LRB- now $ 4.74 on Amazon -RRB- for the 10-minute price -LRB- $ 8.99 -RRB- . Right color , but definitely not the 10-minute Creme.The seller listed was Amazon , LLC . I even double checked the order while holding the box . Product title says it 's the 10-minute Creme . I got two boxes of the regular stuff . Very disappointed .
 I am just so pissed right now because the description is completely wrong . instead of a dark brown color , my hair is now jet BLACK !!! I just spent $ 100 on bleaching my hair and thanks to this product , i have to spend another 100 to bleach my hair again . .
 I love L'Oreal products and have used many of their hair dyes . I have very fine , naturally medium to dark brown hair with very little grey at the temples . I can go for very long time periods without dying my hair.I decided to try this shade as in the past , I 've had good luck with all medium browns except for one of the shades of Feria which turned it black . I had to use Color Ooops to get the black out of my hair that time.I was shocked to see that this color turned my hair black on the ends and way too dark brown on the top . I tried using Prell and dish liquid to lighten it which helped a little , but I just hated the color.I got some Color Zapp and used just 1/2 the powder to lift this color out of my hair . I think the mistake was that the color does not have gold tones ... so no more of these shades for me !
 I have orange roots . I left the product in for the additional 10 minutes as directed on the box for covering grays . I wish I had rinsed it out after 30 and then maybe my hair would not be reddish brown on top . Before coloring , I had medium/dark brown hair with some grown out highlights and a few grays . Oddly , the roots of my hair , which have not been chemically treated , reacted the worst . The colorant had a brutal chemical odor and I was worried to have it rinsed all over me in the shower . Tomorrow I will be heading to walmart for some Clairol Natural Instincts semi-permanent hair color -LRB- brass free , lightest brown -RRB- to try to mask all of the brassiness I now have . Not a good experience to say the least !
 When I could n't find my favorite ` pink tape ' , I tried these , but there are features of the product that made me put it aside . First of all , I was surprised to find the paper is very stiff , like old-fashioned butcher 's paper . Because the patches are rather large , I had to tear them to get pieces that were sized appropriately . Cutting the patches to a smaller size left stiff edges and points that could still irritate . I also did n't like having to wet the ` glue ' on the patches to stick them to my face and ended up with the occasional breakout as a result of using them . They did minimize the lines , but the resulting irritation just shifted the problem . I ended up discontinuing use.Luckily , I was able to find the pink tape on Amazon even though I could n't find it any longer in stores and switched back to using it . It 's much easier to use and more comfortable . Although it 's officially hair setting tape , it is effective for removing lines by smoothing the skin overnight while you sleep and it never causes breakouts .3 m Scotch Professional Hair Set Tape With Dispenser * Created Especially For Hair Styling .
 This product may work for some -- Raquel Welch and Gloria Swanson swear they work -- but I did n't see much difference . The wrinkles would look somewhat diminished for an hour or so after removing them after wearing them overnight , but overall , I did n't seem much change . They might work if one starts using them before the wrinkles are strongly embedded , but I ca n't say for sure .
 I am one of the dupes that sprung for this garbage . The product is old time packing tape cut into odd shapes . . get some packing tape and make your own for about $ 2.00 . The tape would have more glue and they might even stay on . . these `` frownies '' wont stay on , no matter what hype the company says . . DONT BE A CHUMP like me . I blew $ 20 with shipping for some slightly sticky packing paper
 A few years back Frownies came in a sort of wing shape , and it was almost perfect for placement between the eyes.the current `` shape '' is a triangle , which makes no sense at all and has to be cut to fit the area . The edges and points of the new Frownie come loose . So far , after a month , I 've seen no difference in the look of the wrinkles between my eyes , but when I remove the Frownie in the morning , there is a red patch which takes awhile to resolve .
 Come on Frownies ! You guys need to buy a clue and re-design these things . The first thing i noticed on these were the sharp edges that you have to bend upwards so they do n't stab into your skin . You guys could learn something from DermaGen and re-design these with rounded edges . I will not be purchasing these again and would recommend DermaGen Anti-wrinkle patches to anyone wanting to try these . Atleast DermaGen has the more sensible design .
 I ordered the Frownies pads for use on forehead and between brows . Instead I got a half filled box of some kind of undereye gel pads . Not what I wanted . I 've decided to keep them and use them but I ham very disappointed not to have gotten the frown pads .
 It does not evev stick to my skin !!! How it wan na work !!! It is completely useless !! I did n't like it at all !!
 Frownies is the old fashion glue back paper tape that you used to mail packages with that had to be wet to stick . The smell and everything is the same . The paper is stiff and does not conform to the roundness of the face . It can cause bumps where the glue is applied to skin and they are not easy to remove . This product is a total hoax .
 These were a silly purchase that I only used once , and now sit in my bathroom cupboard . I suppose they would work over a nightly basis , but would quit working the day you quit using them . I suggest just gracefully aging as intended by nature .
 They are uncomfortable to wear and just not for me . I was not able to wear them as long as it says I needed to do so for results . Perhaps others will have better luck .
 FYI , ladies - Most of the 5 star reviews are from company reps. Most glowing online reviews are not trustworthy . These companys are not stupid . They know what we want to hear . Read the 0-3 star reviews and then decide for yourself ... This product really is super sticky , overpriced packing tape .
 I regret buying this . I 'm 25 years old and notices I 'm starting to get worry lines on my forehead , so I bought these hoping to do some proactive damage control . I do n't want them to get worse . While these did relax my worry lines , I still think these things are terrible and a waste of money . Here 's why : When you wake up , you 'll have new lines from where your skin was pushed up against the edge of the frownies . Yes , they fade away after 20 mins , but this is how wrinkles form , over time you keep your skin in the same position and eventually it becomes a wrinkle . I do n't want to use these products and then over time get NEW lines!They are hard to stick on and feel uncomfortable . The first few times you remove them , it 's going to take hair with it , and it hurts.I wish I knew what the adhesive was made out of . You will feel a tingle and numbing sensation the first hour is is on . This worries me because idk what the glue is made of.Finally , these things are n't cheap . I was planning on using these daily to prevent further wrinkles , but they are n't cheap and they are n't good.I found another product that works better and it 's cheaper ! Medical tape . I use 3 pieces on my forehead every night . I do n't wake up with new lines and it sticks easily without coming off or pulling my skin when I remove it . It 's cheap , and I do n't have to worry about what glue they use . I do n't even feel them when I 'm going to bed . Seriously , just go to the store where the first aid kits are , find the medical tape and have fun .
 This was ridiculous . It was seriously like taking some packaging tape and placing it on my skin . I think I ended up just throwing the rest of the box away . Wrinkles and lines are n't going to be fixed by this product . Go see a drmatologist and they can recommend something for your skin type . Companies like this , that sell a product that is garbage , makes me sick . I wish I still had the rest of the box so I could throw it at them !
 The gist behind these is to `` train '' your skin to not wrinkle . Completely ridiculous & in no way helpful .
 I bought these hoping they would work . In a word
 The product does n't work for someone over 55 . A lot of money has gone in the garbage.The manufacturer needs to be age specific about their products .
 I did n't realize it was not a pliable material with a regular adhesive . Tried to figure out out to put this hard piece of paper in between my eyes . Had to cut and cut and cut until the shape was correct . Wet it and stuck it . Went to bed , and when I woke up in the morning , found it in my mixed up in my sheets.It 's quite a stupid concept . No different than licking a postage stamp and sticking it in between my eyes.Just ordered these as they seem to make more sense : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004CQ710U/ref=oh_o00_s00_i00_details
 This was perhaps the most stupid purchase I EVER made . I tried using several times , but what a waste . It did not perform like it promised . Wish I could have my money back .
 The Frownie patches were sent to me as a gift . They are very uncomfortable to wear overnight , as recommended . The paper is stiff and hard at the edges so it pokes your skin , and so far , have not shown any results . There 's no way you can stretch your skin and think that a gluey paper will hold a wrinkle till it disappears . I can make my own wrinkle mask for a lot less money out of natural ingredients that is good for your skin .
 Would not recommend these ! Have been using them every night for about a month and they do n't work at all !!
 I do n't get how these things work , they are basically just kraft paper perforated into triangles with glue on the one side . Do n't waste your money on these things .
 I am disappointed in this product . It does nothing for my frown lines . I guess the only thing that really works is botox or face lift.I would not recommend this product to anyone . I guess like the old saying says if it sounds to good to be true it usually is . I feel duped .
 Ihave used this for about a week . I now have `` expression lines '' and a red spot of irritated skin on my forehead . `` fail ''
 Do n't believe the favorable reviews . These are useless and tiresome . The adhesive is does n't adhere and there is no noticeable difference even after you tape them overnight for a week .
 I can see how MAYBE this product works for a person with very very deep wrinkles ... using this every night may lift some of the indentations . I have very minor forehead wrinkles and this product does absolutely NOTHING for me . I would suggest not wasting your money .
 I paid $ 15 for Frownies ... Save your money , buy some mailing tape instead and cut it into small triangles . These are cheap tear off forms of the same thing . You could probably buy the twice the length of the same tape for maybe $ 3 . No go for me ... the theory makes sense , but does n't work like you would think . Scotch tape will do the same if you 're diligent enough to wear it every night !
 I bought the frownies made for use on the forehead , and I agree with the previous posters-THEY ARE NOTHING MORE THAN PACKING TAPE !! I tried them for a month , and they did relax the muscles so that my lines were n't as deep , but I stopped using them for a week and my face returned to its previous state . Just for kicks , I put scotch tape on my face for a few weeks , and got THE SAME RESULTS I DID WITH FROWNIES .
 I searched for awhile before I bought these . I was sure they would be just what I wanted . Instead , these are the worst things I 've ever used . HONESTLY . I ca n't believe people would rank them as good . First , they are like cardboard . Much thicker than you 'd ever imagine and very uncomfortable stuck to your face . Second , when you want to remove them , good luck . I 'm no pansy , and I 've never felt such pain !! The glue is like superglue and it RIPS the facial hair out around your eyes and your forehead . I did n't know there was even hair there , but this glue found it !! And man oh man , did it HURT !! It took me several minutes of soaking through the cardboard and wetting underneath each one to get them removed and my face was beet red for the longest time afterwards . Jeez ! I was going to share them with my sister but decided I would n't wish them on my worst enemy so I threw the rest away.By the way , I have since been thinking about something that would work along these same lines and decided to try my mom 's old pink hair tape . This stuff is PERFECT . Sticks well , even if you 're wet , and does n't rip the fine hairs off your face . Turns out I had the perfect wrinkle solution all along . :-RRB- I 'm using the Scotch brand and love it .3 m Scotch Professional Hair Set Tape With Dispenser * Created Especially For Hair StylingUPDATE
 I followed the directions , and found them difficult to shape to the area I was placing it then holding it until it dried . The next morning I again followed the directions for removing it , and it is NOT as simple as described . It hurt like rip and left the tender skin red and irritated . Skin that I 'm sure is not supposed to be stretched like that . lol I do n't know if I have a pea sized head or if I put too much water , etc. . Did not work for me . I did not wake up looking like a movie star . Quite the contrary !
 My first box worked great
 WOW ... this is seriously the biggest ripoff ! This is nothing but cut up pieces of brown packaging tape -LRB- the kind UPS uses when send the box -RRB- . I did give it a try and then went to the local hardware store to buy a roll of brown paper tape ... guess what , it worked the same as `` Frownies '' as was a lot cheaper . Look at the box ... is there anything to describe what the `` magic ingredient '' is ? Do n't waste your time or money .
 Put it this way - I feel like an idiot for buying these . Some folks have compared them to packing tape - but packing tape would probably work better because these have to be wet to make the glue stick , and even then it does n't stick very well . It 's basically brown paper with glue on the back to lick-and-stick . AND the pre-cut shapes are n't even that good for the area between your eyes -LRB- I found them quite wide , and I think I have a relatively normal face -RRB- . Buyer beware .
 I ca n't believe how those people possibly gave 4 or 5 stars on this product . I ordered it because 77 people gave good reviews . Please do n't buy it . It 's really nothing more than packing tape except for the color . I strongly agree with TruthSeeker 's review.She mentioned exactly what I wanted to say .
 I purchased the frownies and tried them a few times . I do n't like how they feel and I did n't see much of a difference .
 idea maybe good but one of the worst product i ever ordered from amazon . . they r like paper strips , wet it and stick it on your wrinckle . they dont even stick , corners pops up and get hard on skin . its like i use glued paper on my face . . taking it off is hard and after all this no good result . . really what a wast . i should have send it back but i was traveling and did not get time to return . .
 The patches are stiff and uncomfortable . I do n't like how you have to wet them before use . I prefer Furlesse . They are a bit more expensive but worth it .
 At 29 I 'm getting up there-and have 4 wrinkles across my forehead and 2 between brows from constantly raising my eyebrows . I find the shape of these little stickers to be poorly designed for the forehead area and tedious to apply . Sticking a bunch of those little triangles on the forehead creates temporary new lines in the opposite direction where the sticker ends meet . A more effective smoothing action would probably be created with one forehead patch and some smaller strips to fill out the rest of your forehead . It is also hard to apply the second and third stickers because you get your fingers all sticky . The other thing limiting this products effectiveness is that most anti aging lotions and serums that you would use at night make it almost impossible to get the things to stick on-so you have to take a gamble with one or the other products working-but not both . When these do actually stick to your face , you will wake up with some improvement on occasion-but it is quite short lived . I do n't know , I 'll try to make them work .
 the product is supposed to be moistened and pressed on , product would not stick on face . I consider this a waste of money .
 I definitively would not recommend the patches . It is a substandard product . It 's uncomfortable and leaves a dry red mark on the skin after removal . In addition , I could not see any improvement in the appearance of the fine lines between my eyes . It was a complete waste of money !
 If you can get past smelling like lemon scented dishwasher detergent , it 's still not a good product . Does not feel like it cleans my hair at all . Of course with curls I have to use additional products - gel , sprays , etc. . This shampoo is awful ! Does nothing to control frizz or any of the other promises as listed by the manufacturer . Would never buy this again .
 Yikes , it 's like the the play perfume I used to get in those cheap beauty kits when I was little , but with a slightly rancid after-scent . Gave it away to my 15-year-old niece who loves it .
 This does not work to clip fingernails . Confusing why they make such a thing . Do n't buy it unless you want a fancy leather cased useless thing .
 My order never arrived !!! they wrote from Milano and send me a lot of paper for customs , and so my order is in Milano ! I send the paper with all the information but my order never arrived !!! please write me what i could do!thank you a lot
 I took a risk based on the positive reviews , popularity , and my past experiences with Demeter not realizing this is a final sale item . I love earthy scents but this reminds me more of a stale , musty basement than fresh dirt . There is a spicy undertone that I do like , but the initial `` Hey this is dirt ! '' is what seems to cling longest and is very one dimensional - like a basement . Demeter seems to have a good exchange policy so I will try to send it back to them in exchange for grass -LRB- which I do love -RRB- , my own fault for taking a risk on something called dirt : -RRB-
 This stuff really stinks . I guess I was foolish to order this . I just wanted to try something different . When my Siamese cat smelled it on me , he became very excited and lifted his tail . My only thought was that he must have been reminded of the wet dirt outside where he does his business . All in all , an interesting experience .
 I bought this cologne not seeking the effects of actual pheromones , but because it was rated high on a lot of lists of best colognes online ; this stuff smells like an old-lady 's perfume , no joke . I just got it in the mail and sprayed some on my wrist , and it seriously reminds me of hugging my grandmother as a kid , a good memory in itself , but not the kind of things I wish to spark inside the minds of women ... Do not buy this crap , Miglin is a should stick to women 's products .
 I received my order and could n't wait for the first squirt , but when I did I was not happy with the scent . I use it as a scent for fabric softener .
 The absolute worst fragrance I 've ever purchased ! I could n't even make myself TRY to like it ! Went straight in the trash ! CASE CLOSED ! AMEN !
 Do n't even think about buying this `` fragrance '' -LRB- if I can call it that ? -RRB- !!! I 've smelled some pretty bad men 's fragrances in my time , and this has to be the ultimate WORST ! I would n't be caught dead wearing this ! Mine went in the trash dumpster . I doubt whether it 'll even make that dumpster smell good ! IT 'S THAT BAD !
 I read all the fake reviews how fabulous this cologne was and bought this cologne . It smells like old womens perm !!! Worst cologne I 've ever smelled . Like wearing a rotten skunk around my neck !!! Great for birth control .
 This spray cologne has a strong odor but dissipates after a short while but the effects are still suppose to be there . I have not noticed any changes with women , especially my wife , which is why I bought this item . If there is any change in her affection or attraction , I 'll let you know .
 The design was cute and as described ; however , the girls nor I enjoyed the scents too much . It was as described but would n't recommend it due to the scents .
 One of the glass was empty . Maybe the Cinderela 's glass.I had to send a gift and no have time to replace .
 it was said for ' 40 's ' . I am 30 's and it has almost no effect as it promised .
 I bought the mini version of Dolce And Cabbana and did not think they would sell me a `` not for Sale '' product for 15.98 including shipment-costs . After sending right an email on which Beauty Encounter not responded , I called them and they said they are allow to sell `` not for sale '' samples because they buy them from the manufacturer . I pointed out to the customer service representative that the perfume also was not the real one , because it had almost no odor of the Feminine smell . She said that that is not possible . They sent an email with the wrong perfume name on it and after calling again , they did resend one with the right name so no I can return it.Bottom line
 This is the worst smelling bath product you can possible buy . If you like the smell of dirt , you 'll love Kneipp .
 Service was excellent , I received my purchase in record time ... But once I began using the product I realized that it had very little fragrance . I have been wearing Cashmire Mist for many years so I am aware of how it smells on me . I believe the product was either old or diluted in some way .
 The product came quickly , but when I first opened it , I notice the lid was white and not the normal Donna Karan lid . I used the product and knew it was not the normal scent.I have used Donna Karan for years . I went to a department store and used their Donna Karan and compared . I had a knock off and was angry ! I emailed the Company and received a quick response . My money was returned within a few days , but I would not order from them again ...
 I am certain that this was not the same Cashmere that you would find in a department store . Mine looked like the product but the scent was very diluted . I have since visited department stores and sampled the real thing which I am sure is not what I received . I do n't recommend this item .
 I have worn Cashmere Mist for at least 10 years and my husband bought this for me for Christmas from this site . . there should have been a red flag with the price difference . The difference is this is not the real thing ... it smells awful . Do n't waste your money when you see there is a large discrepency in price between the same product . Do n't know if there is a way to get $ $ back but going to try . . Amazon should really pay better attention to the products they are selling .
 I have used Cashmere Mist by Donna Karan for a while now . However , this was my first time purchasing online because of the awesome price . Since , I have never ordered perfumes before I totally missed that the item is non-returnable . Now , I am stuck with it and do n't like it ! : -LRB-
 I am very unhappy with this purchase and wish I had saved original packaging . I may still return it . It took me a few months to really pay attention ... this is not the real fragrance -- lots of alcohol smell in it.I 'll never buy a fragrance on line again .
 I have bought other brands of Eau De Toilette and been very satisfied , Cashmere Mist failed miserably . I can put it on my pulse points and it is barely detectable and only if you have your nose right over the application sight . I will never buy this again and recommend you save your money .
 While it does not have a horrible scent ; it does not have any staying power either . The scent does not last very long on me and I was disappointed by this . Lesson learned that paying the extra expense is definitely worth it .
 This perfume should be selling for about $ 20.00 . There is nothing outstanding about the scent . I do not know what the rave is about with this perfume . It does n't last long , the bottle is not attractive and the scent is normal . I am disapponted withDonna Karan . . pull up your socks !! . . you will lose your customers
 Love the smell but i do n't think it is lasting !!! Not what I expected at all ! Will not buy again.Wish I could return it .
 should have read the other reviews . This smells great but being a toilette instead of a parfum , the smell dissipates too quickly for what I paid .
 The fragrance received is not what I have experienced before with Cashmere Mist . There is no lasting fragrance at all . Could this bottle be an inferior knock off ? Will not buy from this site again .
 Description said light fragrance but when applied was too heavyThis fragrance is not what I expected at all !!!!!
 This is an okay fragrance , but it does n't have great staying power . I also think it 's a bit masculine , at least for my taste . Would suggest passing on this one .
 I started using womens rogaine in Jan. 09 . I had a HUGE initial shed . It lasted for about a month , and at the end of it , there was a definite new thinness to my head . After this initial nightmare , shedding completely stopped ! Woo hoo ! I saw new sprouts coming up at about three months in , and things were great ! This continued for two months -LRB- approx . till June -RRB- , and then the shedding began again with a vengance . It continued all summer long , with handfuls coming out every day . I 've perservered with applying the liquid , faithfully , everyday , and I 'm determined to use it for the full year that is recommended . It 's now December -LRB- 11 months and counting -RRB- . The only improvements that I have really seen are at my temples . This area has definitely filled back in . I have not been officially diagnosed via testing ... but my dermatologist pretty much thought it was hereditary . I 'm of the feeling that it 's a combination of genetics/telogen effluvium . Anyway , my temples had very little hair left , in a sort of triangle shape toward the back of my head . This area is now completely filled in . However , the rest of my head ... well , the top/back is beyond thin ... much worse than when I started . I 'm 38 years old and getting to the point that I am now balding . I am unwilling to move up to the Mens Rogaine , as many recommend . I must mention as well that the hair on my arms has darkened a bit , and you must be super careful when applying it -LRB- if your hair is really thin , it will quickly run -RRB- , or you will end up with unwanted hair on your face . I ca n't say that I would definitely recommend this product . I know it works for some , but for me , the extra thinning was not worth it .
 After 4 months of faithful usage of the product my wife has had no tangible results . She continues to use the product with hope.Arnold Sobrian
 Within a few weeks of using this product , I began having headaches . I was not sure this was the issue so I stopped using and within a couple days the headaches ceased . I have n't had anymore headaches since I discontinued using .
 i have been using this product for over a month . no help rather hair loss has increased considerablyit was soooooo scary , I lose a lot of my hair , which make me soooooooooooooooooooooooooo concernI definitely will not recommend you guys using itnooooooooplz dont buy it
 When Googling this product as a favor to a friend , articles sprung up that Minoxidil is extremely toxic to cats . Even one drop or a cat laying on a pillow where someone who is using Rogaine has been can be fatal . So , though this may be an excellent product for results , buyer beware !
 I got the worst allergy from this product , my head and face got swollen and rashes after using this thing for 4 days , looked ugly , felt awful . And it took several weeks for the symptoms went away , meanwhile had to experience skin pilling like snow flakes .
 I recently ordered an initial 4-month supply which I received last week . Upon receipt , I opened the box , read the entire insert and decided the product is not for me . Note
 i hv been using this product for over a month . no help rather hair loss has increased considerably . not sure if i shud continue using it . very disappointed .
 If I could rate it negative stars , I would.Order placed 5/31/08 . Advised seller on 6/22/08 , that nowhere in listing did it indicate product was expired as of 10/07 . No response . Selling expired products is improper and not disclosing this , and then not responding to customer contact , even more improper ...
 I did not use the product because it had too many negative features to it . I do not know the process for returning items . I would like to return this item ! Please let me know how . Thank you !
 I searched for a home use product , this requires an adapter which I searched and searched for , no luck . It went out in the trash
 I was very excited , there were so many positive reviews , and I applied it for the first time today but OMG it made my poors look huge , and brought out some wrinkles I did not know I had . Another thing I was hoping for was no breaking me out , but it did , in fact in like three hours I had a good size pimple formed up by my mouth , very sad ... I guess I will keep looking .
 When I put this makeup on it covered nothing , and made my pores look larger . The pressed power foundation is much better
 Apparently as dangerous to use as bug spray ! Instructions say to ventilate room after using ! are they kidding ? This is supposed to be eco-friendly , obviously not . I was aghast at the directions -LRB- printed in such tiny type as to need a magnifier to read -RRB- ! Very disappointed with this product from such an up-scale company , and returned it .
 The mirror was broken when I received this case . I contacted the company and they immediately sent a replacement . The case was not what I expected . It does have a lighted mirror that I was looking for , but the case is way too small to carry on a trip . What with needing make up products and shampoos and lotions the case is just not big enough.I commend them for an immediate response and I would do business with this company again .
 This was a huge disappointment . The mirror will not stand up . One of the zippers broke after two uses . I would not recommend this to anyone !
 I did n't have this thing on more than once and the left side lights went out . A wiring thing I guess . Cheaply made .
 I bought this thinking it would smell like grapefruit . It did not ... and I did not like the fragrance . I gave it away .
 After dealing with a breakout of eczema or something similar on one side of my neck , and being unable to get in to see the dermatologist , I bought this balm and another cream from Amazon to try to get the itchiness , dry skin and redness to go away . I had some really red areas from over-exuberant deep-tissue massages that then developed into a continual irritated areas.I received the other cream first , Remedy Skin Repair Cream 4 oz , and used that on my itchy dry skin and on the red areas . To my surprise , after several days of using the Medline Remedy Skin Repair Cream , the redness and irritation were significantly reduced . The itchiness and the scaly area became normal.I then received this La Roche-Posay Body Balm , and applied it to the same area . First day , no problem . Second day , right after I applied this , the red areas stung and got really red again . Now I feel like I 'm at square one.I 'm not sure what 's in this balm that is so irritating , but needless to say , I 'm switching to the Medline Remedy Skin Repair Cream and discontinuing using this balm . I 'm disappointed because I was hoping this would work well and not irritate , based on all the glowing reviews . But at least I found another thing that seems to work ...
 These wipes leave an unpleasant after-smell . I 've only used one towellete and ca n't use because of the smell . I have n't tried any other scents so I 'm not sure if it 's just in the peppermint scented wipes .
 If you wear make up , this is not the cleanser for you . I was so excited to try and all natural product , though the price was higher than I wanted to spend . I am bummed out !! It does n't get my make up off and I am left using a second cleanser to do the job . I guess it 's back to Clinique for me .
 I have never received this order unitl today -LRB- April 26th 2009 -RRB- although my credit card was charged . Letter to Beautiful Perfumes was not answered . All my other orders from Amazon com in the past few years were without problemsAlma Dzubur Kulenovic
 I should have fondled it at the store before I ordered it on-line . My biggest complaint about this product is how the clipper is attached by plastic . It looks like over time it may break . Also the knob you press/pull to extract the clipper is also the key chain ring . -LRB- so I can see clipper accidently being pulled out when there is tention on the keychain ring . I think it 's a bit big to attach to your keys . 2.5 inches long and 3/4 inches width . also the twizer and toothpick is facing down when attached to key ring so I wonder if I will end up loosing it . Time will tell . Good points are , it is very light weight , coming it at 1.4 oz . Clippers it self seems to function very well . I had no problem clipping my nails with it . this product is just okay . I 'll keep it but I would n't recommend this product .
 I have been an avid Burt 's Bees consumer for ... gosh , I want to say 8 years + by now . Milk and Honey was my absolute favorite lotion and I always bought two bottles at a time . I loved the smell -LRB- so did my boyfriend -RRB- and loved how silky soft it made my skin . Last year , I went to the store to restock and was surprised to see the new container -LRB- lotion now comes in a tube instead of a bottle like the above picture -RRB- , but figured that the product inside would be the same ... It 's not . :-LRB- The lotion now has a real `` plastic '' like odor and only a hint of the smell that it used to have . It is also not as moisturizing as it used to be . I thought that it might have been a bad tube , so I went to a different store and bought another one . Same issue . Now I am having to search for a new lotion that smells good and does n't leave your skin tasting bad . -LRB- boyfriend did n't mind kissing my body after applying the old lotion -RRB- ;-RRB- I do n't know why they would ruin such a great product ... but I guess new consumers wo n't know what they are missing .
 Last year I used TanTowels , which I loved . Could not find a good deal so I tried these . So far I have had lots of splotchy coverage . what 's more - the formula is such that the cloth is really wet when you first open it , then cloth dries really fast so it is hard to get even coverage . I am going back to TanTowels .
 I cant get this thing to curl at all . Even when i can get all my lashes into this strange contraption , it still does not curl them . Dont waste your money .
 This product made my hair more dry and wispy than before . I would not recommend for my hair type . I have straight / semi-wavy hair , silky , thick , long , with fly aways . After using this product my hair was unmanageable , more prone to knots and had more fly aways ! Whats up with that beta keratins ?
 I have been buying this aftershave from Amazon for several years , but this latest purchase is a great disappointment . I noticed right away that it did n't even look like it used to -LRB- more green now than blue -RRB- and it had almost no scent as I noticed both by sniffing the open bottle or after applying it . It just seems to have some alcohol and coloring and not much else . Very disappointing especially as I bought two 8oz bottles .
 I like the shower gel , however it was open and obviously had been to someone else . Did n't care to do the hassle of sending it back , same with the lotion and powder I ordered . No , I did not use the product . I will be buying beauty products at a regular store in the future .
 Although package arrived in a timely manner , I ca n't give this product a great review . My wife 's favorite perfume is Red Door and according to her this shower gel smells nothing like Red Door . A bit disappointing .
 I 've bought this perfume from a dept store , and when I wore it , it stayed on all day . But this perfume that I ordered from here do n't last at all . I will never order perfume from her again
 I 'm really disappointed when the perfume came in . When i smelled it , i was expecting to smell something with mangos in it . Boy was the description wrong , to me the perfume smells like gardenias , which is going to make me sneeze during the allergy season . And what 's even more disappointing is the fact that I ca n't return it . Yeppy , I 'm stuck with this damn thing , woopy-do .
 Terrible smell , nothing at all like sandalwood . It smells more like a bad mixture of musk and other misc stuff . Thankfully , the `` fragrance '' isnt strong , nor does it last long . Complete waste of money .
 I just bought 2 bottles of this spray and both DO NOT HAVE ANY FRAGRANCE.They have only water , alcohol and some linalool but NO sandlewood.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I was expecting something that was subtle and pleasant . What I discovered was a sharp , overpowering scent that was as subtle as a sledgehammer . One whiff , and I knew this was way too stong for me . I prefer sandalwood when mixed with other scents , rather than by itself .
 I 'm still looking for a good sandalwood product , but this is not it . Best one I 've used so far is Aubrey Organics ' City Rhythms.Men 's City Rhythms Aftershave - 4 oz - Liquid
 Hydroquinone is a dangerous chemical that can potentially lead to cancer . Instead buy the other Mela-D Dark Spot with Kojac Acid which is more natural . I wonder why Amazon still sell this stuff here .
 never had zits , while i was using this i got zits , stopped using it , no more zits
 I have not been using this as long as a month , which is what it suggests . I ca n't see that it will do anything for brown spots that must penetrate through several layers of your skin . IF it was a particularly nice feeling or pleasant scent hand cream I would say try it if the price is right . But , it is neither so I would n't buy it again.I will continue to apply it since I have it and will update this review if my findings are any different .
 The product was very inexpensive and it went on smoothly with no discomfort . i used this product for four months with no discernible improvement .
 I have been using this cream on my face for 4 weeks and have not noticed any change . I recently started to use it on my arms for sunspots and will see how that works , but it does n't seem to be anything more than just a night cream .
 I 've been using Reviva products for years - until recently - when I noticed Sodium Benzoate is now among the ingredients . This is a known carcinogen that converts to Benzene in the presence of Ascorbic Acid -LRB- Vit . C -RRB- , something that is also found in skin care products . I contacted the company and learned that , Yes , they changed the formulation but the preservatives represent a very small amount.The FDA has standards for the amount allowed in food and other products . Problem for me is `` in aggregate '' how much are people getting from all the products they are consuming and applying ? -LRB- Soda & many other foods contain SB ... And then there is the issue of combining such a skin care product with Sun exposure .
 Can see no difference after 4 weeks of use and I am using the day cream also . Wish I could give a rave review like some of the other reviewers , but ca n't .
 I ordered multiple bottles of this product in August , 2012 for myself and family . I did n't realize it has expiration day of 11/2012 until I gave to my family and friends in my country in November last year . Of course I could n't return it to the seller . It is very embarrassing that I gave them an expired gift.For the future reference , I would like seller or amazon to list the expiration day -LRB- if there is one -RRB- for the products , especially those will expire soon .
 I am very sensitive to scents and this has a very strong scent , to the point that it makes my eyes water when I put it on . Needless to say , I wo n't be buying this again since I ca n't really use it . It 's disappointing because I normally like the Olay line .
 I had the EXACT same reaction another reviewer posted . It was only in the jawline area , towards my lips and kind of itchy . The product I am using is the `` UV Defense Regenerating Lotion spg 15 '' ordered from this site . I was surprised since I have NEVER had an allergic reaction to any lotion before . Then I realized that Olay 's quench body moisturizer sometimes made my legs sting . It might be this line of products or my skin is more sensitive than I thought . I gave it two stars because it did feel nice on my skin , at first -LRB- for winter-skin - however , skin BEWARE :-RRB- .
 I am 25 with dry skin , and had noticed a few small lines , so I bought this lotion . My skin was fine for the first few weeks , although the product seemed to enhance lines on my face . I thought that maybe my skin was just getting used to a new moisturizer -LRB- I had used the same one for years -RRB- . Then , little red bumps started to pop up around my chin.The bumps went from looking like small pimples to drying out completely . I thought that my skin was just dry or that the bumps were the result of a food allergy and used more of the moisturizer . They would not go away for months . When I stopped putting lotion on the bumps completely , they disappeared within a few days . I never thought that I had sensitive skin -- I can use face masks and rarely break out -- until this product . I do have mild rosacea , though , so maybe that has something to do with it . Or perhaps I am allergic to one of the ingredients ...
 This product has caused a horrible chemical burn on my face from just one use . It 's been approx . 36 hours since I used it & my face is still very red , burning & itching . So beware if you have sensitive skin .
 received an ` About To Expire ' item . . just one month remaining , no tracking provided and arrived all of a sudden -LRB- but on time -RRB- .
 This product its not all that great when u start using it it feels nice but after a while my face started getting bumps and the smells was disgusting ... I recently started using mary kay wow what a difference and wayyy cheaper ! bye bye olay !
 When I received this product , it had already been expired for 6 months . I did receive a full refund .
 I see that this product has tons of good reviews ... . but I have to say , after trying it , and trying to STICK with it after it DESTROYED my skin ... I am NOT pleased with it whatsoever.I have been using Olays `` Complete All Day Moisture '' lotion for YEARS . -LRB- I 'm 24 -RRB- . It was the perfect lotion for my young skin -LRB- I know , I know , I 'm by no means OLD now -RRB- It had the perfect amount of moisture and never clogged my pores . Well last year I had this crazy time of breaking out and I thought it was partially caused by the Complete All Day Moisture lotion , so I stopped using it . I went through many other lotions TRYING to get the breakouts under control . Finally , I changed my diet , attempted to rid my life of stress and went back to using the All Day Moisture . At first my skin calmed down and seemed like it might clear up ... So since I use to bask in the sun , and I 've used tanning beds , and even though I 'm not old ... . I noticed a few lines on my forehead and by my mouth -LRB- Those dreaded parantheses -RRB- I decided to try this lotion since I wanted to keep my skin looking as young as possible . All I can say is HORRIBLE.It felt GREASY on my skin , it never fully absorbed and it caused an even WORSE breakout then before . I had tons of little red bumbs across my forehead and on my chin . I thought maybe I was breaking out all over again due to stress and stuff , so I continued to use it unknowingly.Well a few weeks later it dawned on me that the lotion may be the culprit . So I switched back to the All Day Moisturizing lotion and WALLA !!!!!!! My skin calmed back down and the red bumps went away.This lotion may be a godsend to those with dry skin -LRB- Mine is combination -RRB- and who 's skin has more fine lines ... . but for young skin that is either combination or OILY , STAY AWAY from it ! It will only make it OILIER !
 I am turning 30 this year and decided it 's time to pay attention to my skin since I 'm starting to get some fine lines . After searching and comparing reviews for lotions on amazon I decided to give this Olay Regenerist with SPF 15 lotion a try . I wanted something that kept my skin soft , prevented lines , and protected me from the sun to an extent . I 'm not sure if it is because it has the SPF protection but when I put this on it feels like I 'm using sunscreen . It looks like sunscreen and feels oily like sunscreen . My face is not overly oily but this makes it feel greasy and so far has done nothing for my fine lines . I wanted something that I would enjoy putting on my face every day because it felt like it was making a difference in the quality of my skin but this just makes me feel like I 'm putting some banana boat on my face . For the price I would expect better quality , at least better texture . I do n't expect the miracles that advertisements claim but would like to at least LIKE the product . Thankfully I bought it on amazon with a coupon but it is outrageously priced in retail stores . I will not be buying this again . I do love Olay 's Regenerist Night Cream , that stuff feels amazing ! I wish they had something comparable to that for daytime wear . So maybe I 'll try a different line from Olay or maybe one without SPF but I really want the sun protection . The search continues !
 I saw this item mentioned in a Real Simple article . After repeated admonishments to use sunblock , I thought I would multi-task and get sunblock action while taking care of some hyper-pigmentation issues.Huge mistake . By the second application , my skin felt like it was on fire . I 'm an African-American woman in my 30 's who used to enjoy monthly facials . With two years of monthly facials , my skin was never as red as when I tried to use this product . I 'm the same tone as Morris Chestnut . Trust me when I say it takes quite a bit to turn my skin red enough that co-workers were asking if I had a temperature .
 I was so let down by the scent ! ITs pungent to say the least but does not make my nose do cart wheels at all . At first it smells like Tigress perfume -LRB- back in the day-remember ? -RRB- but then it gets weird on me . Maybe its just my skin but I do n't care for this but absolutly LOVE LOVE LOVE White Diamonds and Diamonds and Sahphires to piecies ! This one bombed as far as Im concerned with the scent . I do n't care for Diamonds and Emeralds either because of the strong gardina in it . EWWWWW ... im not a gardina fan in the least .
 Do not buy this perfume if you think it has the same fragrance as the Ellen Tracy that you used to be able to purchase in better Department Stores.I would return it if there were n't so many hoops to jump through .
 One of my former roommates used to have Kerastase Nutritive Shampoo for very dry hair . I remember it smelling great and being endorsed by celebrities as the `` it '' shampoo for treating dry , unruly tresses . The other day , I saw this shampoo on the clearance shelf at Meijers and regrettably made an impulse purchase . Even at clearance price , this shampoo was still expensive.I have very thick , wavy , and somewhat dry hair that needs lots of conditioning products -- when I checked out the ingredients -LRB- after I bought the shampoo -RRB- , I groaned inwardly . Almost all of the ingredients -LRB- with the exception of water -RRB- is on the Aubrey Organics ' `` ingredients to be avoided '' list -LRB- that is , they are considered toxic -RRB- . Like Aubrey Organics , other reputable natural beauty manufacturers suggest avoiding parabens as preservatives because they are mildly estrogenic and can be absorbed through the skin . This shampoo has six different types of parabens -- methyl , ethyl , propyl , etc.If a product has such a steep asking price , then you would think that its manufacturers would put forth a better formula , incorporating non-toxic , natural ingredients -LRB- like Aveda , Biolage , and Biosilk -RRB- . At least Suave and V05 -LRB- bargain-priced shampoos -RRB- can boast about having vitamins and silk amino acids in their formulas -LRB- though many of their other ingredients are also found on the `` to be avoided '' list -RRB- .
 Like many adults with lifelong occasional acne I was intrigued when the FDA approved heat shock treament devices since they offered freedom from ointments and pills and might actually be more effective . This intrigue turned to dismay when I saw that the Zeno and Thermaclear units were pricey and Zeno in particular seemed to have a dodgy buy-new-cartridges model . Since the heat shock principle is easy enough I thought this Pretika device might actually let me test whether it really worked . In particular I wanted to test it without all the salicylic acid scrubs and moisturizers that are for some reason included -LRB- i.e. , if the device actually works , why do you need all those other agents and is n't using them concealing -- in Public Health speak confounding -- whether the device itself is doing anything ? -RRB- . I did n't find the heat too painful but remember you are pressing a hot object against an inflamed pimple . I did find it time consuming
 this produst did not not and is a wate of your money and time . The products does not even have the iggredients.Stay away from pretrika products
 Does n't do anything ! Total waste of money . I do n't really expect a wonderful change but taking before and after picture just to see and not a single bit of difference .
 I am sending this back it was just not for me , the smell is a little to me like the old jean nate ... yes ! I said it to me it smelled loud , old and bad ... I like soft subtle fragrances . When I opened the box my daughter said I can smell that from here , and she was sitting on the couch , it does not smell like what you would use .
 It just is n't what I like to smell or smell like and no one in my family likes it either . I wo n't buy it again .
 I like the regular Realm for Women but this stuff stinks !!! It is very strong and actually smells like a men 's cologne ... I gave it to my husband .
 I received a box of Inner Realm . It smelled terrible , just terrible . It most certainly WAS NOT what it was reported to be.I 've read numerous product reviews on Amazon with claims that the perfumes were fake . I always dismissed these , assuming that people did not know what they were talking about . However , I can assure you that Amazon is selling either fake perfumes or bad perfumes , and this is not the first time that I received a bad item from Amazon . Clearly , something is wrong with the suppliers that they use.My strong advice is to refuse to accept any open box item or any item that does not smell as it should from Amazon . If necessary , order a $ 1 - $ 3 sample from one of the perfume vendors to compare . For me , moving forward any beauty item that I receive is under the microscope .
 I had used the original Realm 15 years ago and so I was excited to see this new Inner Realm . I have never smelled Inner Realm before but previous reviews stating that it was `` fresh '' and `` light '' I thought I 'd give this a spin . I am not sure if I recieved a `` skunked '' box , but the perfume did NOT smell nice . Overly flowery , like an old old lady . I thought I would give it a try knowing that sometimes perfumes can smell very different once they interact with your body chemistry . Still not smelling good . Will return product .
 Certainly not in the Hugo Boss , Armani , CK perfume class . I put perfumes in classes based on the scent smell not necessarily the name . This is in the B class . I am not impressed with it . I use light perfumes , its decently light but stays till the next day , so the staying power is good , but it just does n't have a classy smell . If you like the CKone , D&G light Blue you may not like this .
 I was looking forward to buying and using this product . I have only used three colognes my whole life . Chikara -LRB- INCREDIBLE COLOGNE but TO PRICEY and SMALL BOTTLE -RRB- , Mambo By Liz Claibourne -LRB- DECENT COLOGNE but NOTHING SPECIAL has a GOOD PRICE though -RRB- , and this one -LRB- WENT STRAIGHT TO THE TRASH AFTER SECOND USE -RRB- . When I first opened it I immediately thought it smelt horrible like a cheap cologne you can find in a thrift shop or flea market ! Then I thought I would get some other opinions . Maybe I was wrong ? Asked some girls I know and Not one person liked it and all said the same thing ... It smells like an old man .
 A complete waste of money . I find it VERY hard to believe this smells good on anyone . Just smelling it out of the bottle was bad . Wearing it on my was even worse . This was the first time a lady actually said I have a bad scent on . This being the first time I did n't wear my old faithful aqua di gio . I highly recommend Armani over this bull ____
 This cologne is for SENIOR Citizen dudes.It smelled old , like a pomade , nothing special except its a good cologne for the OLDIES.that 's all.So NO i dont recommend this to younger generations unless you wan na smell like your pops and would wan na attract senior ladies as well . .
 This cologne is either not Realm , or has been so degraded by age and/or storage conditions that it does not smell anything like the Realm I 've been using . The label on the bottom of this cologne shows that it was manufactured and/or distributed by Five Star Fragrance Co. in Bellport NY , but listed no number . The bottom label on Realm bottle I bought prior to this one -LRB- which was the Realm scent I expected -RRB- said it was distributed by Niche Marketing Group Inc. in Hicksville NY , listed Northern Brands Ltd. in London , and listed No. 20022 . Perhaps different manufacturers are involved , or different levels of care and stock rotation are being employed , I do n't know . But I am positive that what was sent me is not the scent I expected .
 ok , I bought this cologne because of all these nice comments , I dont kno what to say . . I am not sure if all these are scam or what . because , I still have the cologne , I havent seen any attraction from female body while using it , the smell doesnt last long , and it is too sweet . almost girlish ! , and i am not a bad looking guy either , so i dont kno , at first I felt like a rip off , but now i am like ya watteva , its just $ 20 ... so yea . . I was really disappointed !
 I suppose it is up to your personal taste - if you like more expensive colognes . . or ones that actually smell good . . stay away from this stuff . . unless of course you want to smell like your grandfather . . or grandmother . It really does remind me of something you 'd buy at Rite Aid for like 10 bucks for your dad , like `` Musk for Men '' . . when you were like seven years old . Just hit myself with a very light shot , and I could n't wait till it either wore or washed off . It 's a weird smell . . almost perfume-like ... like a stinky aunt might wear if she did n't know any better . My own fault for buying something without smelling first , I know ... just checked , and sadly , because it is a `` hazardous material '' -LRB- possibly meaning hazardous to your nose and the noses around you -RRB- it ca n't be returned . Glad it was only $ 20 . I 'll give it to a hobo .
 I am sorry but I beg to differ with the other reviews ... this is so sweet I thought my Gramma had come in the door . A perfect ladies fragrance ... Sorry
 I THINK THE WHOLE GROUP OF MARKETING AGREED TO WRITE GOOD COMMENTS ABOUT THE PRODUCT AND THE MITH ABOUT PHEROMONES , PEOPLE ! JUST DONT BUY THE PRODUCT , DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY . i AM NOT SAYING THAT SMELL BAD , IT IS JUST A SYMPLE CHEAP COLOGNE WITH A WHOLE BUNCH OF STUPID MONEY HUNTERS THAN MAKE SUCH STORY ABOUT PHEROMONES AND ATRACTION . IT DOES NOT WORK . TRUST ME OR WASTE TIME AND MONEY AND THEN WRITE A COMMENT LIKE ME . BUT DO IT .
 I realize to some people its kind of silly to purchase cologne online . But honestly , I 've purchased several different ones based on reviews and been very happy . This is one of this worst colognes I 've ever smelled . I asked my wife what she thought and she laughed in my face and said I smell like a old lady . She ended up giving it to her mom , who must have some issues with her nose . be warned this stuff is strong and the smell does not come off even after washing with soap . I do n't understand all the favorable reviews ... total waste of money , will not be buying this again .
 Smells like a cleaner , and as for the pheremones , women I know have asked me why I changed my cologne , since they liked the other one better .
 If I could give zero stars , I would ! This stuff smells like an old man cologne and it 's STRONG ! Really gross stuff , I 'd stay away from this and DONT BELIEVE THE DESCRIPTION ! If your old and are around people that expect you to smell like the old insurance salesman in the back office then buy it , if not then dont ... you will not be picking up any hotties at the club with this stuff on !
 This bottle of Realm does not smell right ! It is not the same Realm that we know and love ! Is there a different manufacturer or formulation ? Again , this fragrance , like the Tuscany Per Uomo , does not seem authentic .
 I 've had a bottle of 3.4 ounce Realm for less than a year , and it 's flat . it was great for about 6 months .
 Because of the size of the mirror , the light globe is not bright enough , especially in a sunlit room . I sent the mirror back and bought an almost identical mirror that had a few more watts in the light power -LRB- albeit more expensive -RRB- .
 They show a cord in the photo , but in reality , you will need to hire an electrician to wire and wall mount the light for you . There is no plug , just loose wires . Big flaw .
 There is no cord as listed in the description ! No easy install , unless you have electrician . NO way for me to install without creating hole in drywall to run wires . Very important detail that needs to be corrected in the item listing .
 This might seem like a little bottle to you , but if you like gardenias you 'll love the scent ! It is concentrated so just a little dab is enough and the contents last a long time this way . I will definately buy it again .
 i received the perfum after 3 days of ordering it . i was amazed by how fast i received the package , the problem began when i tested the perfum , it smells like pure alcohol , i am very dissapointed of the quality of the product , it seems like a cheap imitation that i can easily find on the streets for 10 dollars or less , i had the original ferragamo before and the one i received is nothing compared to the original ferragamo , i am very dissapointed
 I wound up giving away all 3 tubes , as there was nothing moisturizing about this product . It was purchased specifically for a dry patch on my face , but unfortunately , dried the area even more . This particular type of Olay product should be used for those who have very oily skin and problems with acne . It 's not a bad product , just the wrong product for what I needed .
 I hesitate to use this product because of the strong odor . You definitely know it 's with you .
 It does not help & is a piece of garbage . Even if you wanted this for interesting electro sensations , it 's garbage . Get a tens unit & pads for this type of therapy or kicks , not this `` hocus pocus '' trash . The electrodes are not ajustable as it says in the intructions , so if you try to adjust them as per instructions , you 'll just break it . It 's very hard rigid plastic with hard metal electorodes sticking out ... very uncomfortable . It will not sit an any head for even contact or comfortably . It will leave lots painful dents on your face for a long time . It 's useless for beauty , therapy , or kicks .
 I 've ordered this product based on the info they have on site . Amazon.com had not provided a detailed info about this product . But when you buy it then you discover that if you had any kind of dental treatment you can not use this product . This product is not worth trying it is really painful to use and the electric ting is very intence also it bruises the face . do not try itI also say that do n't rely on the info Amazon.com provides about the product as it is inaccurate and incomplete and you can endup losing your money as I did lose mine .
 My wife got this from a friend for $ 20 , who bought ten of them at $ 10 to resale . What does that tell you about the product ? It was waste of $ 20 . Linda Evans should be ashamed . My wife 's first reaction ... `` DayYAM !!!! that hurts '' My wife is a liscensed esthetician and tries alot of products and procedures . This was painful , cheaply made product . The gromets on the inside of the mask will scrape your face if you are not careful . Its not a comfortable fit and when you turn it on it feels like ants biting your face . Only a quack fool would believe any of the positive reviews of this product . If it were not potentially a hazardous product it would be a joke .
 this nightmare mask dose ` nt look this way just because!it dose ` nt burn your face for nothing.this is the official mask from hell . i guess it is great for halloween parties etc. but that 's about it . do n't use this mask unless you want to have a real life texas chainsaw massacre or micheal meyers experience !
 I received a burn on my face from this product . I still have a scar from it two years later . I wouldnt reccomend it to anyone . I think it 's dangerous and should be taken off the market .
 Let me start by saying the rejuvenique mask is a joke , dont bother wasting your money , it simply doens ` nt work , when you put the mask on you feel some kind of electric traveling on your face , it is uncomfortable and risky . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 People , this thing is pure quackery . There is ZERO objective evidence that it works and the manufacturer has been given a warning by the FDA to prove their claims . See
