 I usually buy 8oz ER treatment from my hair stylist . however , I found this very good deal25 .4 oz only for $ 52 !! When I got the package , however , I realized why ! it is only half filledin the bottle . -LRB- maybe little bit more than half -RRB- I ca n't believe they say this is 25oz . It 's noteven 16 oz ! I will never buy it online . and who knows if this product is authentic ?
 This clipper is not designed for seniors with thicker toenails . It does n't open wide enough to accomodate a thicker toenail.I sent it to my brother in Florida and he called to let me know he could n't use it . It was very disappointing because he is n't well enough to deal with returning the item .
 I like the idea of a easy grip clipper but this clipper does not clip very well .
 The DENCO clipper I received had misaligned blades - visually hard to see but resulting in partly cut / partly torn nails . I asked for a replacement - the company was slow to respond , but then sent another clipper . Out of the box it was also misaligned , worse than the first clipper . Again a request for remedy was slowly responded to -LRB- both times it appeared my request was ignored until I repeated the request after 2-3 weeks -RRB- . The third clipper was also misaligned , out of the box . I finally gave up and asked for a refund - that was 2 months ago , and still no response from GroomMate.This is highly unfortunate - I need a clipper like this due to an injury that makes using normal all-metal clippers very difficult . But the deficiencies appear to be more than just bad luck - three misaligned clippers , and three times very sluggish customer service response .
 These did not perform as promised . They were not exactly easy to use , they did not provide an accurate cut , they were less useful than the old-type clippers -LRB- which is what I was hoping to get away from -RRB- . I believe it was a waste of money .
 This is horrible . It hurts to take it off and LEAVES nasty crap from the strip on my skin . Maybe its just me ... i do n't know but if I could go back and NOT buy this , I would .
 I used the Biore strips here and generic ones I bought at the supermarket . The supermarket ones were better . These strips barely work .
 I bought this product because I read the good reviews.I used the pore strip several times and I think my pores are bigger and redder!I do n't like it at all .
 I followed their insturctions and watched their video to makes sure I was doing it right - does n't work . Either removes my skin - but not blackheads ! - or leaves behind sticky glue all over my nose .
 When you take this off , it hurts your face , it does nothing to black heads and is a complete waste of money .
 These stripsd are kind of pricey , but I did want to clean out my pores so I decided to try it . I wet my nose then put the strip on and waited . It was kind of painful taking the strip off , but I thought that it would be worth it if my pores would become cleaner . But there was no change . None at all , my nose and pores looked exactly the same and there was no dirt or anything on the strips . I would n't recommend it . Do n't waste your money and time .
 Yeah . . the title says it - do n't waste your money on this . Followed instructions
 I used to have bad acne on my nose , so I tried these . Not only did it hurt like heck to take it off , but I noticed it was just as clean as it was when I first opened it . My skin did not improve at all . I kept using it to see if it helped over time , but it did n't . I would not recommend this .
 I purchased one from Wal-mart and keep using it every week . The strip is not sticky enough and sometimes even slip off my nose , I guess a pore cleaner might doing a better job than this.Speaking that , I got to admit I barely have any blackhead on nose , so I could not really tell whether it works .
 I have been using Bior&eacute; pore strips for a while , but this box did n't work at all . After I apply the strips to my face and wait the recommended time , I ca n't release them since the &#34; glue &#34; is just a yucky mess and it 's stuck to my face . The strips break after I gently pull them and I have to end up rinsing my face with water to remove all the glue stuck to my face . I do n't know what happened this time , but it does n't work at all .
 Maybe I 'm using it wrong , but it 's hard to use and kind of annoying . I tried using it after shower , after steam-toweling my face , and nothing seems to really help . I used up the whole pack without getting any real results . Kiehl 's Rare Earth Deep Pore Cleansing Masque works a lot better and easier for me , as well as being a more economical choice -LRB- that batch lasts forever ! -RRB- Also , you really ca n't use the strips for other parts of your face , unlike with the mask . If you are n't already used to this , I 'd say go the other route and get a pore cleansing mask or lotion or some other product that works better .
 I got these hoping it would clear my pores a bit or just help reduce any breakouts or oil buildup . But obviously these are more hype than anything . By the time you wash , scrub , and dry your face the issue is already fixed and these strips do nothing more than dry your nose out and make it sticky .
 We had bought a similar type product a few years ago and had amazing results , however , I could n't remember what brand it was so I bought these instead . We were totally disappointed . It pulled stuff out from maybe 10 pores onto the strip . We felt as though this product was poor quality . If I had bought it at a store I probably would have returned it , but since it 's online I do n't want to go through the hassle of shipping it back . Waste of money . Would not buy again .
 Could n't resist giving this product a free star due to the cool feeling when drying on your nose ... Otherwise , the results are pretty laughable . I 'd recommend trying another product instead .
 These strips simply do n't work for me . They do n't appear to remove any blackheads from the center of the nose , even when used promptly after a warm shower .
 I guess this product does n't work on some people . All it did was dry up and then peel off . Pores stillclogged .
 My friend raved about these strips and convinced me to try them . . I did , and nothing happened ! I have an average about of blackheads around my nose and I thought the strips would get rid of them and I 'd be able to see all the black gunk on the strip . I followed the directions to the T and yet they did n't remove any blackheads . The strip was clean when I took it off ... and let me tell you , pulling the strip off hurts so bad !! My eyes started to water and my nose was pretty red.My nose was pretty smooth after though ... but I do n't think it was worth it . I will not buy these again .
 OMG , I bought this a while ago and I now realize how stupid I was !! The strips hurt soooo bad and I noticed nothing on the strip that it had taken off my face . Blackhead : still there . Dirt and Oil
 The strips when used properly removes about 60 % of the blackheads and unclogs pores . This is temporary though because the pores fill up just as quickly as they were unclogged and many times you 'll end up with more blackheads than before . The only way to get clear pores is to use this often which can be irritating to the skin and time consuming , especially for guys . The best way to reduce blackheads is just using a scrubbing face wash a few times a week .
 So , I have many blackheads on my nose , I can press them and get the gunk out but they come back . I bought these strips hoping to solve my problem.The first thing I 'd like to note is that the strips LOVE to stick to themselves . The first strip I opened stuck to itself immediately and would n't come part . The second strip went on fine , it got hard after 10-15 minutes and I peeled the strip off towards the bottom of my nose -LRB- like the instructions say to do.It got a few blackheads , but nothing worth paying for -LRB- maybe 4-5 blackheads came out -RRB- . The rest were left unscathed . Also , the strip leaves your skin uncomfortably dry where it was .
 After reading the reviews here , I got it from a local Walmart store . But unfortunately , it des n't work for me . If you never treated the blackheads before , maybe it will work for you . But for those who have tried some ways to fight against blackheads and the skin on their nose is already sort of damaged , probably this wo n't work for you , go somewhere else to find a stronger blackheads remover .
 These dont really work that well . maybe its just my skin or something but they really dont do anything for me at all . i wouldnt recommend them to anyone .
 I did n't ' get these strips from amazon , I got them from Wal Mart . I used them correctly . It worked a little , but not as much as some video 's online or like some people 's pictures . not impressed .
 These strips get almost nothing out of my pores , and make no visible difference . There is still gunk in my pores after using them . I tried using hot water on my nose before applying to open my pores , but that did n't help at all . I will not be purchasing these again .
 I received only 2 out of 3 orders -LRB- placed and paid for on January 11 th 2013 -RRB- on January 28th 2013 . I will be following up with Customer Service .
 Do n't buy this product . It is a waste of money . The strips do n't stick and fall of 3 secs after
 I tried both the nose and face strips and neither one stuck to my face . I even tried rubbing it to keep it on my skin and nada . Did not stick and certainly did n't pull any dirt out . I returned it and got another box thinking that box was defective . But same thing . Do n't waste your money .
 Although , yes these strips work to get the dirt out of your pore , they stretch out your pores when you pull them off and getting rid of enlarged pores is almost impossible . And when you stretch out your pores it is easier for them to catch dirt and its just not good ! Do more research !
 I was really disappointed by this product after hearing all the hype . I have very large pores on my nose and expected a lot of junk on the strip when I removed it . Nearly nothing . I need to try it again , and will update after I do , but it 's hard to get motivated to use them again after the first experience . : - -LRB-
 I 'm 43 and these strips have been around for some time now . Over the years , I have tried these strips and was left disappointed . I 'd stop then years later try again , hoping the product had been improved . Each time , I came away with the same result , disappointment.I have pretty oily skin and get acne in my nose and it enlarges my pores . I got these strips again a few weeks ago , again , hoping they 'd improved . But they did n't . These strips cost $ 8 for 14 strips.I used an entire box and each time I used one of the strips , it did n't work . The instructions say leave on your nose for about 15 minutes , which I do . When I remove them , the strip is clean and fails to serve its purpose . I think its safe to say , I 'd never buy or use these strips ever again . Sorry Biore ' , for me , these strips were a flop .
 Having declared an all-out war against my pores a few months ago , I 've attacked them with countless highly-rated anti-pore product on the market.Besides being dry-ish and sensitive-ish , my skin is largely unproblematic.I 've only tried Biore Pore Perfect Deep Cleansing Pore Strips once , a few days ago . I followed the instructions perfectly , and after painfully ripping the dried out , Papier-mch &eacute;d strip from my nose , I was slightly disappointed . The strip had successfully pulled out some pore-clogging gunk , but not as much as I had hoped . Despite the removed gunk , the pores on my nose looked the same an hour later -LRB- if that -RRB- . After a day , I think my pores had actually gotten larger . In fact , for the next few days , my pores looked the worse they had in some time.I 've yet to find a miracle product that would drastically improve the appearance of my pores . Using witch hazel as a toner regularly and wearing zinc-oxide based sunscreens -LRB- sun damage , esp . by UV A rays , causes 85 % of skin damage and enlarges pores as a result . High SPFs only control for UV B rays , and zinc oxide is the most effective and most stable of UV A blocks -RRB- religiously has helped . I was really hoping that these Biore strips would be the thing that drastically reduces the appearance of my pores , but no such luck .
 maybe its just me , but these dont do anything for me.i have big pores so i get a lot of dirt in my pores and these do jack all for removing it .
 I guess t works for some people but for me and my husband it did not . Good thing I bought it on amazon and only paid a few bugs and not $ 20 like at the stores in NYC . I filled the directions very closely and it failed to work .
 I thought , hey , all it does is pull the damn blackheads out , how is that supposed to enlarge pores?Sadly the result of my naivete showed up not more than a week later
 I bought this product because it was on sale and I wanted to give it a try since my nose is covered in deep blackheads . I followed the directions and pulled the strip off . There was a bunch of little things on the strip that looked like little hairs . I looked back at my nose and did n't notice any change . I still had a ton of blackheads . I tried this for 3 weeks and nothing changed . Maybe there is no hope for my nose or maybe I need to try it longer .
 It cleaned out a few pores , mostly along the side of the nose . Nothing along the bridge of the nose . Will not be purchasing this product .
 I have been using this product for over 15 years and this product is not the real thing , I have left over samples and Lagerfeld from Kmart and this is not the real thing as it lasts less than 5min .
 I bought this product for my wife for Valentine 's Day so she could try to have a relaxing night since I have been deployed for almost 6 months . Before she even finished the bath the products started to make her break out in hives & cause her , where hives had developed , itch . The quality of this product should be compared with that of a dollar store .
 I really love dying my hair bright purple , and every time I have ever dyed it purple I 've used Special Effects Dye . I decided one day that I wanted to try a new shade of purple and instead of buying my usual `` Pimpin Purple '' from Special Effects , I tried this one . Big mistake . My hair was already reasonably bright purple , and has been purple for 8 months now , it is even bleached , I just wanted to touch it up since a few spots had faded . I bought 2 bottles and put it on , I even let it sit for 4 HOURS , and it looks EXACTLY the same . It did n't even cover the faded spots . This color of dye is definitely the worst Special Effects Dye I 've used , it was more watery as I spread it through my hair , and like someone else said , more like a glaze . If you like purple , I 'd definitely still suggest Special Effects Dyes , just not this one . Pimpin Purple works extremely well in comparison .
 My daughter has tried a few of the Special Effects hair dyes and loved them . Because she really likes purple , we decided to try Joyride . Unfortunately , we discovered it is different than some of the other SE 's that we 've tried . It 's more like a glaze and washed out/faded VERY quickly -LRB- within LESS than a week -RRB- , and this was on bleached hair . Very disappointed - but we 've tried Wildflower and liked it , so we 'll probably go back to that one . It 's very dark , but stays in longer .
 I bought this for my son who has short dark brown hair and used 3/4 of a bottle and let it sit for half an hour and honestly ca n't tell the difference once it was rinsed out . I knew it would n't be as obvious on dark hair but we did expect to see some change .
 Smells wonderful - but ... This 3-in1 product leaves my hair too soft , limp . And it leaves my face with an all-over slight itch soon after use .
 I bought this product as a gift for others at Christmas and kept one for myself . The scent was wonderful in the bottle but as soon as I poured on my pouf , it disappeared . Literally . Gone . I also used it as a shampoo and as soon as I lathered up the fragrance was gone . After my shower no trace of the scent remained . It was a waste , and apparently , not as nice of a gift as I thought .
 The fragrance is not worth the extra money difference from their other shampoo/bath products . It does not last . All of their scents seem to last just while you are using them .
 I just wanted to see what the HYPE was about . Okay , I am still waiting to see it , or should I say `` smell `` it . I am not impressed . Seems like expensive soap.I even think that IVORY soap has more of a scent ... I will use it and never order this soap again.However ... it does not dry out the skin that much , so if you have dry skin , this may be the product for you.OK I wrote this review a few months ago.It is now September and I justfinished the bottle.I still believe that if you have dry skin , this is the body wash for you . I may purchase this product again when I have moneyto just splurge ... I still say it is a `` clean sent '' ... like ivory .
 I do n't know who 's fault it is but i always get this product , either from the body shop store or amazon . This is my first time ordering from this seller and i am disappointed because when i opened it , the color of the body butter was almost white rather than orange , and the scent smelled awful and different from what i know to be true . The texture is also very lotion like rather than thick and creamy .
 I know what Satsuma products are supposed to smell like . THIS IS NOT IT . I opened the Body Butter this morning and it smells like chemicals . Nothing like what I have already.I am returning it . The body lotion that came from another seller in the same package smells as it should . I think the seller may have stored the body butter in an unairconditioned facility as it is ruined apparently .
 The Body SHop is one of the last companies not to reformulate their products without Parabens . Even Estee Lauder and others have done it with their products . For The Body Shop to pretend it is so `` natural and healthy '' is a joke , especially as this stuff is easily absorbed through your skin . So many better , and safer alternatives .
 I recently bought this product , from a seller , who advertised it on Amazon . I am so disappointed in this product . It smells like a combination of rotting -LRB- `` spoiled '' -RRB- oranges and suntan lotion . The scent is just awful ! My husband agrees with me . He can not stand the smell of it . I washed and washed to get the odor off of me . My cats and dogs sniffed me , had weird expressions on their faces , and backed away ! I had heard great things about the supposedly wonderful aroma of this product ; so this is a real let-down . The seller that I bought it from did a great job in shipping it to me very quickly . However , there was no expiration date on it ; and I wonder if it is long past its expiration date . I will definitely never buy this , again .
 Arrived a week after the shipping delivery estimate . Also , portion size very small for the price .
 The brush is too soft and it did n't really comb my hair well -LRB- was sliding on top without going closer to scalp . I guess it could be good for fine hair or for kids
 The brush I saw that was bought in a hair salon did not have any plastic looking bristles in the brush . This one does . I like the brush but wish it would have been 100 % boars hair . Quick shipping thru Amazon ! :0 -RRB-
 Color # 282 unsatisfactory . Normal colors for YEARS has been # 280 . All of a sudden it 's not available ????? If only a customer could be made aware of the `` sudden shortage '' , I would 've stocked up and ordered a ton of them !!!!!
 I am disappointed . This smells more like a vanilla cream rather than neem cream . This is misleading . The ingredients in the cream are not fully listed .
 Found this to be a waste of my money . I bought one for myself and one as a gift . The gift was never used . I tried to use mine for a couple of weeks and never noticed any improvements to my skin . Would not reccommend .
 I purchased these exact cosmetic sponges a week ago . Specifically because the package was labeled `` non latex '' , and I thought I 'd try a sponge applicator instead of the cosmetic brushes I normally use . I 'd been wanting to get the smooth application of a sponge , but have been wary to try one because I have an allergy to latex . So when I saw the `` non latex '' label , thought I 'd give it a try . The sponge applied my foundation makeup beautifully & looked great ! However , the next morning I had a typical `` latex reaction '' -LRB- dermatitis -RRB- all over my face
 This smells nothing like lilac ... it has a very strong chemical odor , it actually smells like cheap old lady perfume . I was looking for the soft floral sent of lilacs but this is not it . However I have no complaints of the seller , the product reached me within a week of ordering , it was well packaged and even had tape around the lid to prevent any leaking .
 I have n't noticed any improvement . I had used a vit . K cream previously that seemed to reduce the darkness under my eyes . This one does not . Just a nice moisturizer .
 The product is okay , nothing great . Does n't live up to what it 's suppose to do . I would n't buy it again .
 i purchased this item from ths site and it was completely old and dried out . the liner fell out of applicator . . will only buy directly from clinique for this product
 The item that was pictured was the original formulaThe item that was sent to me was the newer formula whichis horrible . The old formula was the best hair producton the market and the only one I have ever used.The newer product-was-Just very damaging -- Loved the oldclairol natural instincts -- hope it changes back somedaybut I will never use it again as is
 i purchased this item from ths site and it was completely old and dried out . the liner fell out of applicator . . will only buy directly from clinique for this product
 I tolerate this as an exfoliating cleanser every once in a while ... but I HATE the smell , it 's VERY spicey smelling ... like you reached in your spice rack and threw all the smells together ... I guess it just depends on your personal favorite smells ... this one I do n't like . It is paste like and very gritty , it gets the job done , just wish it smelled different
 SO disappointed and annoyed ! I had to log on to review this terrible product right away ! First off , the texture of this scrub is too thick . Even after adding water , chunks of the product kept falling off my skin ! It was HARD to get the scrubbing part going . I had to pick up chunks that fell into my sink because I did n't want to waste the product . It does not scrub well . Like in another review mentioned it feeling like Playdoh . Immediately after rinsing , I started feeling ITCHY around my neck then my whole face broke out in a rash ! This scrub actually left a thick layer of the product on my skin and felt like ` Vaseline ' . It did not exfoliate my skin . I could n't actually FEEL my skin . I then used their Acne Clarifying Toner and it became too much . The toner glided around my skin without effectively cleaning it . It also left a filmy layer on top . I then used Alba Botanica Acnedote Face & Body Scrub and it helped calm down the rash and exfoliated my skin . I will return the scrub & toner !
 I am ready to throw this in the garbage . Its tooooooooo thick , i am unable to use it , most of it i use to clean my bathroom floor , sink and tub . Maybe I can try again to thin it out with water . I would definitly return it but it was so inexpensive that shipping will cost me more . Dont bother ordering this , words cant express how dissappointed I am with Burts for selling this since I LOVE all their other products . I will be contacting Amazon regarding this product and will keep you all updated .
 This must have been sitting on the shelf for over 2 years . It arrived looking more like tar than orange cleanser . Now I have to pay to ship it to Burts Bees at my cost to get a replacement . I will never order from this company again .
 I liked using it as a novelty but it made my skin break out !
 I have fairly dry skin that does n't give me many problems , other than extreme dullness . I rarely break out but I do struggle with dry skin that lacks radiance . I decided to try this scrub because I love Burt 's Bees products and I figured a scrub would liven up my skin . The first three days or so , I liked it . It 's fun to use and smells nice . But after a while , I noticed that I had a lot of dirt embedded in my pores . My pores are normally very tiny and I do n't get blackheads . However , I began sprouting dark spots all over my face , especially near my nose . Once I quit using this , my skin cleared up again . Maybe it 's not meant for dry skin . If you do use this , I 'd only scrub with it a few times a week and make sure you use another cleanser that has serious deep-cleaning properties , because this citrus scrub does n't deep clean . I found a better scrub with that St. Ives stuff , but I guess this is worth a try . Just do n't expect it to deep clean .
 In my pursuit of using more natural -LRB- or green -RRB- products in my life , I have changed my wonderful clinique exfoliating scrub -LRB- no probs with that product whatsoever , other than it 's not natural -RRB- to this product as my once a week skin refresher . To give the reader a bit more background , I have what you would call `` normal '' type skin , but if it went one way or the other , my skin would tend to be more dry than oily . I do n't have any real skin afflictions like acne or breakouts , but I also rarely wear make up . Thus said , I only use an exfoliator once a week . I was basically not used to this product . First , my jar of this citrus facial scrub was so concentrated that it had the consistency of play-doh , so it was hard to get this stuff out of the jar . Also , make sure that you add a little water to the amount you are applying to your face , as it helps applying so much more . However , when I spread it across my face , it seemed to pill up instead of coat evenly . And there really is n't much `` scrub '' to this scrub either -LRB- try none at all -RRB- . When I rinsed this product off my face , it left an oily residue , so much that I was n't sure if I needed to put on moisturizer after drying . I can get past the baking cabinet hodge podge of spices smell if this was a good product , but I will definitely be looking for a better natural exfoliator . This product is just so much different than my clinique or St. Ives apricot scrub , and I did not like it . I will give it a second star based on the fact that the product 's packaging is recyclable -LRB- jar is glass , lid is steel , and box is paperboard -RRB- and I will give it the `` benefit of the doubt '' star as it is the first `` natural '' exfoliating product that I 've tried . There could possibly be worse out there , but I am dubious of that .
 well it smells so nice and it feels so nice and soft and well i honestly thought this worked for me but after like 10 days my face started to get black heads on my forhead and ckeeks so i stopped using its just breaking me out !!!!
 It 's really liquid , like water . So it 's difficult to apply to the body . I would n't recommend unless you are going to use it on the sponge or wash cloth . And the smell is really close to Powder Air Freshener from Glad . I was really dissappointed .
 There is a misprint which is making this page a false advertisement . The title says clearly 32 ounces , and it says 32 ounces in the description , but when you go to the item page itself , to add it to your cart , it then displays its true size of 12 ounces .
 Because I have such a sensitive nose , I can not buy hygiene products , candles and/or fragrances that smells like flowers or nature . If I come across them in public I can expect my allergies to flare up a bit . As a result , my wife gave up on wearing perfume years ago . Personally , I like fruit and candy scents ; I find those much more tolerable . I even got blueberry shampoo for my dog . So when I came across Avalon Organics , I was ecstatic to try their Lemon , Peppermint & Grapefruit scented products . I fell in love instantly with the scents and was happy there were no undesirable sulfates . I still use the shampoo every day , but something changed with Avalon 's shower gel over the past year . My last two bottles have had a faint rubber smell that have made me quit using them . The most recent bottle of Lemon exhibits the same rubber smell as the last bottle of Grapefruit & Geranium that I ordered 8 months ago . I was hoping only the Grapefruit was affected or maybe a certain batch of product , but I do n't see myself ordering anymore Shower Gel from Avalon Organics . I simply use the shampoo for my entire body . Now I 'm praying that the shampoo does n't pick up the unpleasant odor and force me to go searching for my NEXT favorite shampoo .
 THIS COMPANY USED TO HAVE A GREAT SMELLING PRODUCT , NOW IT IS CRAP . I CALLED AND ASKED WHAT HAPPENED , AND THEY SAID THEY CHANGED IT TO MAKE IT BETTER FOR THE EARTH . I THINK THAT 'S BULL AND THAT THEY CHANGED IT FOR THEIR BOTTOM LINE TO MAKE MORE MONEY . THE LAVENDER SHOWER GEL ROCKED , NOW YOU CA N'T EVEN SMELL IT HARDLY , IT 'S SAD . SOMEONE CONVINCED THEM TO SAVE MONEY AND ALL THEY HAVE DONE IS CHASE CUSTOMERS AWAY . THEY SLAPPED A SIGN ON IT THAT SAID `` NEW WITH MORE ESSENTIAL OILS '' . YEAH RIGHT , MORE ESSENTIAL OILS THAT ARE CHEAPIFIED AND WORTH NOTHING WHICH MAKES THEIR PRODUCT A FLOP . WHOEVER SUGGESTED THEY CUT THE WONDERFUL FRAGRANCES DOWN TO WHERE YOU CA N'T SMELL IT , THEY SHOULD FIRE THAT PERSON IMMEDIATELY . SO PATHETIC THIS PRODUCT IS NOW . AND I 'M SORRY TO DRONE ON , BUT I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR PEOPLE AS GIFTS , ALL SORTS OF STUFF , AND NOW LOOK AT THIS , IT SUCKS .
 The cap on the bottle was not on tight and the 1/2 of the bottle leaked out in the box . What we ended up with was about 6 oz . of soap and I ordered a 12 oz . bottle . We order many items through Amazon and this is the first time I have been so unsatified with a product !
 When I opened the box , I saw that some of the soap was spread in the box and all over the bottle.That 's disappointing.It was apparent that it wasnt packaged properly to endure the trip . Please do better .
 I 've used and loved this product for years , but the latest bottle I received smells off . I do n't know if the product itself changed , or if the gel is just spoiled . At any rate , I ca n't use it , and since I 've opened it , I ca n't return it . I 'll find another use for this , and I wo n't order it again . Sad .
 This product used to smell so great when using it to wash up or shower , now it 's just blah . It used to smell so good I 'd buy them for everyone I knew just about , now it 's grade F - , no good at all.The entire area you used it at used to smell amazing , now they have this note on it saying `` MORE SUSTAINABLE '' , but seems to me someone convinced them they could save big money by taking out the very thing that makes it attractive , so now all their loyal customers are going bye bye , I know I am . If anyone can point me to a body wash that smells great like lemon , give me a ring , thank you .
 I 'm frustrated because for one my package finally arrived September 17th I payed for it August 22nd and even more than that I paid the extra money to get the retail version with original packaging , that was very important to me because I was buying this as a gift for someone , NO WHERE ON THE SALES AD DID IT DAY -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- TESTER -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- package came in some beat down box that says tester ... They 're testers on other websites that advertise testers for 30-35 dollars . . I would not buy from this person again because you do n't know what you 're gon na get if it 's a TESTER it should say it clear as day . . Do n't ever get me started on the PONY EXPRESS Delivery Service !
 The perfume did not arrive intact . Almost half was gone , and saturated the sealed box . The shipper never returned my call , either .
 This is a nice brush and does a good job with smoothing the hair , getting out snarles , etc. . Be sure you notice that this is not a styling brush , if that is the type you are looking for . The reason I gave the product only 2 stars is because when using the brush , I have a lot of static . The description of the brush made reference to an `` anti-static '' rubber pad , but the brush does create static .
 I like this brush , but the description makes it sound like you get two -- you only get one !
 The lotion smells ok but I do n't really want to use it ... in fact I wish I could return it but I already opened it . When I tried it on my skin it does n't feel comforting or make my skin feel better . I ca n't say it irritates my skin but it makes it feel sensitive . Some lotions that are not necessarily fragrance free but do well for me are Palmers Cocoa butter lotion , the Cocoa lotion at Bath and Body Works , and the Blue Spa body cream at Bath and Body works . I like the faint fragrance all of these lotions have and they do n't irritate my sensitive skin or bother my allergy prone nose . If you are not fussy about lotions I guess it would be OK .
 ok i got scammed and sent it back . please do not tell me any one would say this really works . my sister and i are laughing at ourselves for believing this stuff would work
 Have seen no results at all with this product . Have used it everyday usually twice a day . No difference in skin at all . Waste of money .
 I put this on my stomach religiously for 2 weeks , morning and night . Did n't change a thing . I should have known better-there is no such thing as a quick fix !
 I bought this in hopes of firming up lose skin on my stomach -LRB- post pregnancy and weight loss -RRB- . It did nothing for me , except maybe moisturize the skin some.It has a somewhat strong citrus smell when you put it on , but goes away when it dries . It did n't feel greasey or stain my clothes.At least it was cheap , so I 'm not out a lot of dough.The search is on ...
 I bought this after reading all of the great reviews on the web but it is nothing special . I get much better results for my waves/curls with biosilk rock hard gelee . The BRHG is cheaper & I can find at CVS . I wish I had saved my money . I will use it but will not repurchase .
 Advertised prodict was `` Farmer 's Friend Hand Salve '' . But what arrived was `` Defender '' . I have never seen `` Defender '' advertised anywhere . I fear this is old product .
 I like the moisturizer and it smells nice . It 's not too greasy and it absorbs well.However it does n't do what it claims to do . I 've been using it every day and it does n't make my facial hair any softer or less visible.Very disappointed.Several months later I 'm convinced this product made my skin breakout.I have stopped using it because it makes my skin break out and does n't do anything as far as hair minimizing .
 I wish this product would have worked for me . After scouring the internet for a good tea tree shampoo that would help alleviate the symptoms of my on again/off again itchy scalp -LRB- which may very well be stress-related , but oh well -RRB- I found Nature 's Gate and used both the Tea Tree Calming shampoo and conditioner for about three weeks . At first , it seemed like my itchiness had subsided but just about the third week , the itchiness came back and it was worse than it had been before . I tried phasing out the shampoo and started just using the conditioner in combination with one of my old anti-dandruff shampoos . It helped a little , but not enough . I soon had to scrap both the shampoo and conditioner and try something entirely different . Not wanting the bottles to go to waste , I gave them to my boyfriend , who will pretty much use any shampoo . However , after a few days , his normally flake-free scalp started getting itchy and flaky as well . He ended up just throwing them out . I was so disappointed because it really seemed like it was doing it 's job for a while . And I just loved the nice , clean smell . If there were a lotion that smelled like this , I would snatch it up in a heartbeat . Unfortunately , the shampoo and conditioner did the exact opposite of what they were supposed to do as my scalp remained both irritated and flaky and far from calm .
 I am so happy with this product . It leaves my hair clean . Also , with other shampoos I felt like there was a residue left on my hair , not with this shampoo . I had a problem with my scalp feeling itchy with the shampoos I was using and that is completely gone now . Even my hairdresser asked what I was using because my hair was in such good shape . Thanks , Nature 's Gate , for my Tea Tree Calming Shampoo , I love it .
 I bought this stuff about 6 months ago and it worked for a little while . It has some helpful ingredients -LRB- jojoba , tea tree oil etc. -RRB- but it also contains Sodium Lauryl Sulfate -LRB- SLS -RRB- . This stuff dries out your hair follicles and scalp and and cause a reaction which actually creates more dandruff and sebum . I 've started using Jaons Natural Cosmetic Dandruff Relief Shampoo . All the same ingredients minus the SLS . This has worked soooo much better than Nature 's Gate . Write me if you have questions .
 The masseuse at the local spa slathered this product on me today , marveling about how great it makes your skin feel . Exiting the spa into 100 degree temperatures , I felt like I 'd been dipped in vegetable oil , ready for the barbeque . I had to wipe off my hands onto paper towels before I could keep a grip on my car 's steering wheel , and the leather handles of my new purse became stained . I kept trying to rub it in , but had no success.Two hours after leaving the spa , I was at home reading a magazine in the a/c and when I closed the magazine , I discovered the tops of my thighs were black with ink transferred from the cover . At three hours , I took a shower and used lots of soap to wash it off.I 'm glad I did n't fall for the sales pitch at the spa -- I would never recommend this greasy product . 0 stars .
 Its not a bad product , but its also not a good product . This does nothing for my hair , Ive had hair lotions that worked better than this . Im not sure if its hair lotion or conditioner , but Ive used it as either and its just whatever , so Im not going to waste money re-purchasing this . And on top of that , it doesnt smell good , like , at all , so Im not even going to finish the bottle : - p
 A very perfumey product and does n't work on my fine curly hair . It 's too heavy and stiff . I used it during the summer when my hair is curlier so I know it wo n't work in the winter .
 I got this makeup very quickly . It was wrapped in bubble wrap in a bubble wrap envelope . Some of the dark green stripe chipped off . But the mix was all dark green olive colors not the one with the lighter colors/i . e. highlighter colors with it . I use brushes to put on my eyeshadow and even with good ones , the color was about the same as cover girl -LRB- as far as coverage -RRB- . I 'm sure wet application or with a good base it would be OK , but is n't ANY shadow like that ? This just does n't have the impact/hue . I did n't expect much because of the cost , but getting the right color would have been a plus . I do n't want to have to pay shipping to return this item . That 's the problem getting items like this on line , unless you have seen it in person . Its going to be a risk . However , they really should make sure the pictures match the actual item . Boo !
 The scent smells old or spoiled . This has always been the perfume my husband likes me to wear and he also said it does n't smell right .
 I have always trusted Amazon to send me the best products so I was shocked to find that the cologne I purchased is rancid - it smells like chemicals -LRB- and not good Ones -RRB- . There should be expiration dates on these products as this one must have expired a long time ago . Now I find I am unable to send it back because it is potentially hazardous or flammable . It seemed to be fine when Amazon mailed it to me but now it 's dangerous for me to send it back . Since I did n't open the package for a week , I am past the `` time limit '' to get a refund . I never thought that I would need to smell the cologne right away in case they sent one that was rancid . I guess I better check everything as soon as I get it . In the mean time I have thrown $ 21 down the drain and will do my shopping for cologne elsewhere .
 I have used this scent for well over 25 years and never had one where the scent is gonealmost the moment you apply it . Perhaps they have changed their formula - but if my nextbottle is the same then I wo n't be purchasing it again . Why bother !
 Evyan White Shoulders By Evyan - Eau De Cologne Spray - 4.5 fl . oz. , 4.5 ozThis product has a very bad and peculiar odor.It is not at all like the White Shoulders items I have previously bought for my wifeI checked the return information and it can not be sent back to Amazon.I just took a hit on this purchase and it is not at all of the quality of items I have previously bought from Amazon .
 I never did recieve this purchase . I got in touch with Amazon which sent me to the company . They told me it was sent to my town and told me to canvace the neighbors to see if any bof them got it . Do you think any of them would tell me ? It was droped at that.I would not recommened ordering from Amazon .
 I had this sent to my mother who is in a nursing home.First , no one can get the top off , yes the shiny one you see in theimage provided . My mother has arthritis . When I went to visit herI pushed , pulled , everything . Others tried to get the top off.Finally , because I have long natural fingernails , I was able to get myfingernails underneath the edges of that pretty shiny top , and wiggle itback and forth until it finally came off.Second , it leaks everywhere . The top is NOT secure.Third , this stuff has NO APPEAL whatsoever.and from what I read here on line , I 'm NOT the only one who ca n't standthe smell of this junk.I guess I 'm the last to know . I definitely feel suckered in.I can imagine your company laughing like hell , about now.Oh yes , and this ca n't be shipped back because it is considered `` FLAMMABLE '' . How is it your company can send it to me in the mail , and it 's notconsidered flammable AT THE TIME YOU MAILED IT ???? This seems highly suspect and hypocritical on your part.Mom or someone at the nursing home threw away the original box . So I ca n'treturn it.I 'm thinking to send it to whomever the CEO is , of Amazon.comPerhaps when they get a load of this , they will see why there are so manyUNSATISFIED customers.YOU GET A BLACK EYE FOR BEING WHAT YOU ARE-DECEPTIVE IN EVERY WAY !!
 The ingredient list they have here is not correct . This shampoo is by no means all natural or herbal
 This bag is HUGE . They should put wheels on it and make it a carry on . I guess I should have looked at the dimensions before ordering it . I thought it was going to be the same size as my other Victorinox case that I gave away .
 I usually love Alba , but this just did n't do anything for me ... literally . I tried a sponge , wash cloth and loofa . Would not clean/wash . I eventually just tried using my hands and THAT did n't even work . Oh , well . The only reason it gets two stars instead of one is that I am now using it as a shave cream .
 I have been wearing Sonia Rykiel perfume for many years . I only ordered it online once and it was fine . I recently ordered it again online but it does not smell exactly the same . It is very similar but not exactly the same . I am so disapponted ! I think the manufacturer changed the combination of ingredients . The original perfume has a very distinct scent . There is no other perfume out there that smells like it . Anyway , I am searching for a new perfume . This wo n't be easy .
 Ingredients
 The cotton swabs are very hard to the touch , thin and not very absorbent . The sticks break off easily . If you want to use these for cleaning your ears , forget it ! Not a good product . .
 I bought these `` Q-Tips '' because I thought they were Q-Tips -LRB- Johnson & Johnson 's trademarked cotton swabs -RRB- . This item is in fact low quality swabs . The swabs themselves may be cotton , but they are so tightly wound -LRB- and ca n't be unwound -RRB- that they absorb almost nothing.Other than the swabs , the product is as expected ; the sticks are of good quality and the swabs come in clean paper packs of 100 swabs per pack.When I complained to the vendor , his communication was prompt and he refunded me my money .
 I like wood stick cotton swabs because nothing compares . These are the exception . The sticks tend to break and the cotton on the end is too small to be safe . If you like inconsistent product quality , but these . Otherwise go elsewhere .
 First of all the soap is n't a whitening soap but the label says makari clarifying exfoliating antiseptic soapwith no mentioning of the whitening part.I have been using it for a month with no effect except for my skingetting dry and having a white residue on my skin after my shower.It looks pretty weird on black skin so ihave to make sure i have an extra rinse after wards.Also my face keeps breaking out when i use it .
 I have fair , sensitive , oily , acne-prone skin , unfortunately . I tried this soap because of all the great reviews it received , as well as ... to see if I was missing anything.I was n't . I used this for a few days and every time I used it , the next day I would break out like crazy and the breakouts would n't go away . It took , literally , 5 weeks for my skin to clear up after using the soap . Went straight into the trash.I went back to my PanOxyl soap . It 's a lot better .
 it did made my face lighter after using it for about 3 days . . but then my skin started to breakout . . i stopped using it . . i have tried alot of whitening soaps and this is one of the worst . .
 I have used this soap for a couple of months . Bought it to reduce my acne scars . I did not see any results at first so I stopped using it . I went back to it after a few weeks . It does lighten but does not remove any scars , the original purpose i purchased this .
 Do NOT buy . It is old and spoiled . The color is off as well as the fragrance . Plus you can not return the item once it is opened . Spend the $ $ and order from Nordstrom with the free shipping .
 KTK is correct in saying that this perfumes is too old . The perfume 's color and top notes have changed . The top notes are not as sparkling and refreshing as one purchased from Nordstroms or Neimans . Also , from the bottle and each spray there is an initial chemically smell like terpentine or gasoline in the begginning . However , the drydown is still the same -LRB- that is if you can wait till the drydown before scrubbing it off -RRB- . This perfume was purchased from Amazon and not another seller .
 I really like Blinc Kiss Me Mascara so I decided to try their Eyeliner . I ended up throwing the Eyeliner away because for me it was too hard to apply and I could never get it to look right .
 At first glance , I really liked this eyeliner - the black is very dark and glossy and although I generally prefer marker type liquid eyeliners , the brush was fairly easy to use.But the eyeliner creases like crazy ! Sometimes within 15 minutes it will be all creased . Other times it lasts longer if I used a heavier line , but it definitely wo n't last longer than a couple of hours . If you rub your eyes , it wo n't smudge , but will completely flake off.My eyes are n't particularly sensitive , so I think I 'll stick to other truly long wearing brands going forward .
 I bought this eyeliner expecting great things , and was sorely disappointed . Application is difficult , mistakes are almost impossible to correct even if done immediately , and I ca n't soften the line -LRB- it * is * smudgeproof -RRB- . If you are used to a brush-on-liquid-liner , have a very steady hand , and want a dramatic look , this might work for you . I prefer a softer line , so this did n't . Also , it almost completely flaked off over the course of the day.I 'm giving it two stars because it really is smudge-proof , no sliding or transferring . I did n't have the dark shadows from smudging but I did have flakes , so I 'm still not happy with it.This is definitely not worth the pricetag .
 I had trouble controlling the product . It took several tries before I got a nice even line . However , due to the heavy line , I ended up looking like a raccoon . It was hard not to get the product on the lashes , so it made the lashes stick together . As a result , when you need to apply mascarra , the lashes are ` stuck ' together from the eye liner .
 Okay , so I 've been going through this big eyeliner crisis in search of the perfect eyeliner . Alot of them have been not so fantastic . I recall seeing Blinc eyeliner in an upscale beauty book and I 've always thought about purchasing it . I was excited when it arrived and tried it on the next day for work . About 30 minutes after putting it on , I had little smokey rings under my eyes and a couple of flakes where the eyeliner must have touched my lower lashes and flaked off . I rubbed at the rings which made most of the eyeliner evaporate and made me look like I had two black eyes . Later that day , the eyeliner had completely sweated off . I believe in second chances so I tried again . The next day , same thing . Two black rings under the eyes and a partially sweaty mess , then nothing by days end . Additionally , the brush offers little control . If you get too much on , you will look like Alice Cooper after a long night -LRB- although some people might enjoy that ha ha -RRB- . I did n't find that this had any staying power or special qualities that the containers boasts about . I also find that if you have fair skin , it kind of leaves a `` dye '' or a faint black impression under the eyes -LRB- that 's not just my undereye bags thank you very much -RRB- . For the money , I expected more . I think they call it `` Blinc '' because the second you do , it 's gone . Anyway , the quest continues .
 I am a makeup junkie and I love trying the latest products . I like Blinc 's black mascara because it really stays on , even if it is kind of tough to apply if you 're trying to avoid clumps or flakes . But I figured out how to do it correctly , so I was psyched to find out about another Blinc product.This is like using a ball-point pen to line your eyes . You can not get a smooth line , it is impossible to get it close enough to thelash line to look flattering or natural , and there is no way to smudge it to fix either of those problems.I have no idea why anyone would recommend this eyeliner . Save your money .
 I like Blinc mascara and so naturally thought I would like the eyeliner . The other reviews are true that you ca n't blend it and must be careful where you apply it - think marker instead of chalk.However the issue I had is that is starts to come off during the day and looks blotchy . I want to like it but it does n't stay on like the mascara .
 The heads of these applicators -LRB- q-tips -RRB- are very small and therefor useless for most medical applications . It is difficult to tell this from photos and not mentioned in the copy .
 Well in my opinion , the worst part was the pouch to mix in water ; it tasted so horrible . The positive to this detox was that it go me to drink more water then I normally do in a day .
 This shampoo is ok ... Nothing special ... Did n't really add any moisture in my hair like it was supposed to . I will go back to Nexxus Shampoo for sleek and smooth hair . It moisturizes a lot better than this product ... Probably will not purchase again .
 I was expecting major results from this product because my old stylist used to rant and rave about joico products . . Like the shampoo I purchased by this brand ... the conditioner failed to smooth or condition my hair aswell ... I was looking for a conditioner that smoothes hair leaving hair soft and silky ... It does n't do this ... And I wish I would 've bought what I normally use Nexxus Sleek and Smooth Shampoo and Conditioner is much better than this . I have relaxed hair and it is in good condition but at times feels a little dry ... This conditioner did n't help anything . It reminds me of like a really cheap conditioner . .
 Not the product as listed , or depicted , called got the run around , ?? I suggest if you want Baby Doll , go elsewhere ... `` Thumbs Down Company ''
 I love this brand but was n't overly impressed with this cleanser . Dried out my skin and did n't clear it up .
 Looking back , I have no idea what possessed me to buy this for such a HIGH price ! ... I treated that stuff like it was gold . However , it did help a little with moisture and a lot with strengthening . There are other products out there that can do better in either department for a lot less money ... so save yourself some change and look elsewhere .
 Unfortunately this was not the type of brush I was looking for . It 's small and would be better suited for a child 's or doll 's hair . The handle I could hardly get a good grip on due to the size . Finally the brush is not as soft or cushioned as the description says . The brush is inflexible and hard . I customize Blythe dolls as a hobby and I 've decided to use them for the dolls , when I customize their hair .
 I eagerly awaited receiving this product based on the reviews it received . I used a few nights , and was reminded of older creams my mom used to use back in the day . I decided to check the ingredient list and was dismayed to read that it is a petroleum product . Not the best thing to rub into one 's skin ... wish the ingredient list had been listed on the site , as there is no way I would have ordered this .
 I did a lot of research on mineral makeup and thought this would be a good one to try - was I WRONG !!!!!! The only thing in the whole kit that was good is the concealer brush - the powder did n't cover , and the concealer was heavy and DRY ! I went with Mineral Essence - best mineral at the best price - trust me !
 I do n't usually write reviews , although I use them constantly to decide what items to buy . That is why I purchased this perfume without knowing how it smelled . All the reviews talked about how wonderful it smelled and the glowing compliments they received when they wore it . That was not my experience . I wore this perfume twice . The first time I thought maybe it was just me and it did n't really smell as bad as I thought . So , I wore it the second time and ended up having to wash my arms to get the smell off . I do n't know if this has been anyone else 's experience , but I wanted people to know before they purchase this item that not everyone likes it . It smells like someone who has worked out and sweated really hard and then tried to cover it up with dime store cologne .
 who would know if this stuff works ... it stinks so bad you have to shower before it has a chance .
 This is the first of these types of towels I have tried . It seems really rough on my skin . I am choosing to use other products for exfoliation .
 my husband is 48 with a receding hair line and this did absolutely nothing tor him . save your money and see a specialist .
 Ok side effects mentioned on the box are like can cause a rash , dizzines , burning scalp , upset stomach , acne , headaches . It even mentioned causing a faster than usual heart beat and or chest pains which still did n't stop me from using this product . With in a week of using this product I was experiencing cold sweats at night , extreme tiredness and sleepyness . At the same time I experienced some sexual disfunction to eventually full erectile disfunction . I gave my doctor a call and he told me that there is a very small 2 percent chance this can happen , which is why he never told me when he recomended I used Minoxidil for my hair loss . I immediately stopped using this product and guess what , cold sweats became less prominent and my manhood returned . So since I came here first to read the reviews which is why I bought this product it is only best I submit a review of my experience with this product . Please keep this in mind I wish I had read this before I used it .
 This item did not come in a sealed cellophane box so hard to know what you are getting as the bottles are not sealed .
 This product was aweful for me. , not only it made my scalp itch like crazy but it made my hair fall out even faster !! I wouldnt recommed this product to anyone .
 I actually did not use this product
 Ok side effects mentioned on the box are like can cause a rash , dizzines , burning scalp , upset stomach , acne , headaches . It even mentioned causing a faster than usual heart beat and or chest pains which still did n't stop me from using this product . With in a week of using this product I was experiencing cold sweats at night , extreme tiredness and sleepyness . At the same time I experienced some sexual disfunction to eventually full erectile disfunction . I gave my doctor a call and he told me that there is a very small 2 percent chance this can happen , which is why he never told me when he recomended I used Minoxidil for my hair loss . I immediately stopped using this product and guess what , cold sweats became less prominent and my manhood returned . So since I came here first to read the reviews which is why I bought this product it is only best I submit a review of my experience with this product . Please keep this in mind I wish I had read this before I used it .
 I have been using generic Walmart rogain for years and had success . I ordered the kirkland / costco brand from Amazon because there are no Walmarts close to Washington , DC . After three weeks of use , I have had significant and and noticeable hair loss . The product is also much more runny and does n't seem as concentrated . 3 Pack of generic Walmart rogain is $ 25 and I ordered it from there website . It was shipped to my door in 3 days for $ 1 . Do n't risk it with this kirkland stuff ... you get what you pay for .
 Obviously , this is the men 's formula . However , I 'm a woman who wanted more growth and upgraded to 5 % in order to obtain it . My results were great . Basically , I used this product for my crown area , hairline , and center section of my hair . These areas were experiencing various forms of hair loss ranging from shedding , thinning , and slow growth . Using this product -LRB- in a mixture of shea butter , castor , and jojoba oils -RRB- gave me new growth . The side effects ? Dark undereye circles -LRB- treat w/Vivite 's eye cream -RRB- , facial hair -LRB- treat w/electrolysis -RRB- , and massive migraines -LRB- treat w a dab of lavender oil to your pressure points -RRB- . Granted , they 're terrible but I 'm no longer experiencing hair loss . -LSB- UPDATE
 I decided to try this minoxidil product because of its low cost . However , It caused severe itching and dryness . Far more than other minoxidil products . I ended up using a couple of months worth .
 I really cant give a rating on this product . Theres a man in a homeless shelter who 's either still bald , or has a healthy head of hair . I couldnt be bothered . I didnt need the scheduled application . I 'd rather be a natural bald guy than one with `` stuff '' i have to use every day for rest of my life .
 There is a black cylindrical top over the cap on the bottle that exists only to make the product look taller.There is n't even a recycling symbol on it.This means energy wasted shipping empty space.Over the course of your lifetime , which is how long you 'll need to keep buying it , you will be throwing out hundreds of these plastic things.Grow hair ? maybe . Grow landfills ? Guaranteed .
 The manufacturer instructs on the label of the product that `` Results may occur at 2 months '' sounds like `` do n't be surprised if there are none '' . It has discouraged me from using the product .
 I have thinning hair and was hoping to stop that process with this , however it is just to cumbersome a process . It took me about 10 minutes to run through the process as quick as possible in my morning routine , and another 15 at night when taking my time.The stuff is very runny ... something like the consistency of warm syrup and while it does n't sound like a lot , 1mL is difficult to spread around , drips down the side of my face happened quite a bit -LRB- any missed drip lines turn a nice opaque white stream down your cheek -RRB- It also has an unfortunate residue , much like a light hair spray . For someone who does n't style their hair , it just makes my hair look greasy.I have no doubt the product works , it 's just too cumbersome for me to routinely apply .
 Do not let vanity destroy your health . Minoxidil will not only cause irreversible skin damage where applied but all skin because it travels your blood vessels , that damage is mainly the end of collagen production , it will also cause irreversible damage to blood vessel walls this is why it was stop being used for high blood pressure -LRB- for which it was used for originally -RRB- . That is why people get the dark cicles under their eyes and easy bruising . These effects vary depending on the amount of drug absorbed and is very easy to have too much absorbed , applied to wet skin or after washing area even after dry if pores are still enlarged , destressed skin such as sunburn , dandruff or allergic reaction to any ingredient in product , higher percentages of minoxidil in product , hands used to apply it comming into contact with mouth or nose , through the hands if cuts or hangnails , from head to pillow to mouth or nose if you go to bed after applied -LRB- I could go on ... -RRB- I have seen people who used this drug only a few weeks , absorbed too much and it damaged their blood vessels so bad that wearing sandals leaves bruises where the straps are and this damage is permanent , have also seen people who sleep with their face on their arm or hand or thin pillow between have bruises on their cheekbone area or where pressure is.It 's not an allergic reaction either , its the Minoxidil stopping your skin 's collagen from being synthesized.I 've stopped using minoxidil after one month 's use . I experienced itchy/tired eyes , dark circles under eyes , red swollen ears , and wrinkles on my face from side sleeping -LRB- which has been happening for the past two weeks -RRB- I had intended to take minoxidil as a preventative measure against hair loss -LRB- I 'm 24 and have a very strong almost child like hairline -RRB- but minoxidil is just not worth it because it will make you look old . I 'm lucky to have caught this early and will be stopping it . I have very smooth skin with no wrinkles and do n't want minoxidil messing with that . I 'll look into something more natural for hair preventative maintenance . Hairomega 3 in 1 sounds like a good bet.Just remember that although it is applied to the scalp , it also enters your system and systematically ages at a faster rate.I know the damage people suffer to their skin sounds horrible , and it is , but the damage the makers of this poison and the FDA should be held responsible for , and I mean criminally , is the damage minoxidil does to your vessel walls and your entire vascular system.They have known about these problems since shortly after it was developed for high blood pressure and its use was stopped.The FDA and the makers of this poison also knew and know it has caused the death of people who have used minoxidil.The FDA is a corrupt organization that have for a long time been approving drugs for the open market that have proven in trials to do more harm than good.Whether the people at the FDA have done this for profit or because they did not monitor the trials as they were paid very well and entrusted to do and just took the word or manipulated results from the makers these people at the FDA should be extremely punished.Long prison sentences and fines that would bankrupt them.If you 're going to comment and say minoxidil is safe just because you have n't experienced anything then you can shut it . You are only damaging yourself while being in denial ... Do some research on minoxidil and aging and you will see clinical studies that minoxidil DEPLETES COLLAGEN thus aging you faster . I have just washed my hair to get rid of this mornings dose.Just remember if something sounds too good to be true , it probably is !
 I was extremely attracted to this item , which advertised a 6-month supply for about the same price as a 3-month supply from Wal-mart . Looking closer , though , I see that the box has 3 2-ounce bottles . The Wal-mart Equate is also 3 2-ounce bottles , and it is the same strength . The fine print on the Kirkland box says `` UP TO '' 6 months . Caveat emptor !
 i have been using these for 3 months now , religiously applying twice a day and it doesnt work . cheap but wont help .
 i tried this product for 5 months , i gave myself a grade 3 haircut the day i started using it and took pics of my balding scalp area , every month ide do the same , haircut , pictures , i found i was getting terrible dandruff wich came with the most terrible iching , then started the rashes , after five months i couldnt stand it any longer and had to stop using it , the picure reults were dissapointing , no difference at all in hair grouth
 Although neither this liquid solution nor the foam helped my thinning hair , the Rogaine Foam treatment was MUCH easier to use . The liquid solution runs down your cheeks and back of the neck . It also stays oily the entire day . What a mess . Buy the Rogaine Foam instead .
 I was kinda hopeful after reading all the reviews here that I could probably grow some hair too . So I bought this product and have been using this religiously for almost 4 months . I restrained myself from looking at my crown in the mirror or take a photo of it for these 4 months as I only wanted to look at the results after 4 months -LRB- the product info asks you to use it for 4 months at least and stop if no results are seen -RRB- . To my disappointment , the hair loss seems like it worsened . The crown looks balder than ever.Well , the product does say that the results are not the same for all men , and so I will keep using it for another 2 months or so till I finish the bottles . I hear stories of guys saying this product has worked so well for them but I guess I am not one of them . I am giving it 2 stars because the product is definitely a cheaper alternative to the more expensive brand named products and is slightly easier on the pocket .
 The detailed description of the product said they were offering 6 bottles at 2 oz each . This was the better deal among the sellers of this product , but when I got the product there were only 3 bottles and they refused to honor their ad . I 'll not be doing business with them again . This is bait and switch , I believe , putting an ad up for one thing and delivering only half the product ...
 I had no allergies to anything till I used this generic product.Whenever I apply it on my scalp , I start seeing hives on my body , one of two at a time.It made my scalp extremely itchy one hour or so after applying it.I stopped using the product and hives are gone.It may be a side effect but it should have been stated on the product description . A reminder to Amazon and the vendor.Avoid it if you think you might be allergic .
 I 've been using this product for the past several months , but only about one application per day because of the intractable itching and irritation . I will go back to the 2 % solution . I did not see any noticeable results with this product , possibly because I was taking less than the customary amount per day .
 I am a 40 yr old with thinning hair . Used this for 3 months and it did not work for me . I am now back to Rogaine which I stopped using because of price but I guess this is another case of you get what you pay for .
 first off and will be very brief and get to the point .1 . do not buy if you want it to fix hair line - it is only designed to work for the back of head -LRB- vertex -RRB- 2 . it didnt work for me and used it faithfully as instructions showed3 . leves white cracks in head and made scalp look an ADDTIONAL 20 YEARS OLDER ITS WRINKLY4 . ROGAIN WORKED MUCH BETTER ITS A LITTLE MORE EXPENSIVE BUT IT AT LEAST WORKS PROPERLY AND REGROWS HAIR AND NOT JUST FOR ONE SPECIFIC SPOT
 the seller doesnt even have the items . he will charge for it and and after 2 weeks he will apologize and refund u the money it a joke , just dont waste ur time with this seller
 I have been using generic minoxidil 5 % from various suppliers for years . Recently , I ordered the 4-month package supplied by Kirkland . Guess what , after a month , my hair started to fall again . Although on the label , it is 5 % minoxidil , there 's no way for me to test whether it has 5 % minoxidil or not ... So I stopped using this one and quickly ordered another generic minoxidil from a different supplier and my hair loss seems slow down now . So conclusion
 I 've used different types of minoxidil and this is the only product that increased the number of gray hairs , messed up the texture , and actually seemed to cause further hair loss ... That 's what I get for buying a knockoff ... lol .
 Read the side effects from users . Look up minoxidil and libido . You will find discussions of men and woman losing most if not all there libido . I found this out after it happened to me . About two months of use and now im in the same boat . Im stopping use today and throwing it all out ! There is nothing stating you can lose Your libido this bad in the instructions and warnings . If things dont return to normal im getting a lawyer . I was perfectly fine before using this . What scares me is the stories of people still having problems long after using it for only a short period of time ! Its better to be bald than to be limp ! I am now praying things return to normal !!! My wife is now pretty bummed out and so am I. I wonderd what was going on now I know . DO NOT USE Minoxidil unless your old and limp , Because it really stinks being young and impetent . Dont risk it . Try Biotin and stop using commercial shampoo , I suggest you try only natural soaps . IM VERY ANGRY !!! Dont make the same mistake as me and the others in the forums im reading . I would rather be completely bald ! God help me get my sex life back ! This is not a joke nor is this in my mind !
 The review is for Minoxidil in general . I started loosing some hair in the front and went into a panic mode around the same time last year -LRB- Aug-Sep 2009 -RRB- . I went through the internet for solutions and most of them pointed to using Minoxidil or similar products . Although hair transplant was the other suggested alternative it seemed very expensive . So I opted to try this solution . To ensure Minoxidil would be effective I completely shaved my head and started using it all over my head rather than just the spot where I was losing my hair . I started with Rogaine until I realized this was a much cheaper option.Results ... 1 . It took much longer to grown my hair . My scalp was visible even after 3-4 months of shaving my head . This was never the case until I tried Rogaine -LRB- minoxidil -RRB- .2 . Once the hair grew to a certain length I realized it had to be strictly applied twice a day . I was following it earlier too , but now on days when I skipped once , my hair would just feel much thinner and then I could see it in the bath tub when I showered .3 . I could n't quite apply any type of hair cream , gel or oil . If I did I had to be extra careful that day . Could n't wear a cap/hat , could n't wet my hair and if I did wear a cap it was embarrassing to take it off . A bald spot in the front would be clearly visible . To add to it if I did any of these , again my hair would suddenly become very thin and I could see a bunch in the bath tub .4 . Initially the scalp started to feel very dry but then it started to itch so badly I could n't sleep at nights . The predicament was I could n't scratch much either due to the fear of losing more hair.Overall the experience has been bad for me . The period I 've used this product has been embarrassing for me . People have avoided making eye contact , sometimes plainly ignoring . Trust me , people -LRB- specially girls -RRB- would rather talk to a guy with shaved head than with someone having a bald spot . The time and effort to keep the `` treatment '' going is tremendous and to add to the misery its not worth it . off . I 've stopped using the product completely now and am hoping whatever hair I had before I started using this will return back sooner than later . Yet again I 've shaved my head and am trying to keep the scalp moisturized and healthy . Its been more than a month since I shaved my head . Although the growth is not very significant I very very rarely see any hair falling off.This paragraph is not related to the product itself so you can opt to skip it . The underlying reason for hair loss in my case was probably too much coffee and/or release of sexual hormones . I 've cut down on the coffee intake and work out more . I 'm sure working out , sweating more and burning calories does make a significant difference . I 'm a vegetarian and consuming protein in forms like beans , lentils , and tofu has helped.I 'm still thankful to the makers of this product for whatever little hope it gave me during that panic mode , hence the 2 star rating .
 I cant believe when I received monixidil they were expired . LOT/EXP 07-2010 . I received this package in Miami but the fina user is in eecuador so its very difficul to return this product . i want my money back or other product
 This product causes my scalp itch to a degree that I never knew was humanly possible . Literally it 's like the itch demon fairy princess from hell came and was digging into your scalp with an `` itch-wand '' that has needles at its ends dabbed with poison . I kid you not . This does n't occur right when I put it on , but I 'll get itch attacks during the day . And when these attacks occur , dare you even touch one follicle of hair in the area where the Rogaine was applied , the painful scratchy sensation increases a thousand fold . In other words , it itches like crazy , but if you try to scratch it , you will see the gates of Hell looming before you , as it punishes you for even attempting to try to relieve some pressure off your head.Will I keep using it ? I do n't know ... I can honestly say my mental ability to stay laser focused has increased n-th fold as I am getting my daily practice during these itch-attacks . My hair in the front looks pretty good , but it in the back , not so much ... Until I get a wife , I think I will keep using it , and then shock her as soon as I drop the Minoxidil after we get married . She 'll be stuck to me anyhow ...
 I have tried the product for 3 weeks , but I could n't keep the treatment because the oily vehicle worsted my dermatitis.The excess of oil in the scalp is terrible for people with already oily hair and dermatitis . If the vehicle were alcohol , would be better .
 Given the reports that minoxidil also works on the front part of the head , I decided to try it . However , I had to stop using it after 2 months because of blurred vision which is a rare , reported side effect of minoxidil . This was most obvious when I looked at a traffic light 1 or 2 blocks away . I would get 2 or 3 images of the light which would merge as I got closer . The blurring occurs because these 2 or 3 images get superimposed on each other . I stopped using the minoxidil for a week and my vision is almost back to normal . I will try it again , but only using having the recommended dosage . By the way , no hair growth yet . Also , my name is Mark , not Marilyn . This website insists on using my wife 's name even though it should know otherwise .
 This product seemed a cheaper alternative to Rogaine for me , but it did not work -LRB- after almost one year -RRB- . At least with Rogaine my hair had stopped falling . It continued to fall with this product .
 I 've used the 5 % Rogaine foam for awhile and it works without having side effects for me . I bought the Kirkland 's brand because it was much cheaper , but after two uses I noticed my heart beating faster than normal , and some chest discomfort . You may be fine taking it , but be very aware of anything different use of this product . I 'm discontinuing use of this and will stick to the Rogaine foam , since I know it works and does n't give me sides .
 I bought this not sure if it would work on my dark hair and sadly it did n't really do much of anything . It did add a red tint so when in the sun it shines as a nice redish brown , so thats kinda cool . I bet if you had lighter hair it would work much better . I almost ran out of it but thats because my hair is a bit longer then 23 inches so if your hair is much longer you may want to get two tubes . The shipping was fast it got to me a few days before they said it would so that was nice . I also thought it was a good price .
 I bought this not sure if it would work on my dark hair and sadly it did n't really do much of anything . It did add a red tint so when in the sun it shines as a nice redish brown , so thats kinda cool . I bet if you had lighter hair it would work much better . I almost ran out of it but thats because my hair is a bit longer then 23 inches so if your hair is much longer you may want to get two tubes . The shipping was fast it got to me a few days before they said it would so that was nice . I also thought it was a good price .
 Had been using Top Coverage but this has become impossible to get !! This stuff comes off much easier , in fact ridiculously easy !! - put it on the night before , styled my hair hairsprayed into it place ... went out ... . so far so good ... but when I woke up the next morning there was a grey/black coating all over my faceI have thinning hair so didnt use much of the productI would not buy again unless I was absolutely desperate - Top Coverage is a million times better .
 I loved the carrot lotion that i received when i was overseas but this specific bottle that i got was like cottage cheese . It was lumpy and watery . Maybe thats how its supposed to be but my other bottle was a nice smooth , lotion consistency . Fragrance is lovely , thats why i got it .
 You can find this product almost in every well-known department stores or on the product 's website and it is only $ 18 . If you want to get the larger size it is $ 28 . This product is overpriced ... I returned the product when I realized that the market price is very low than here .
 I tried the newer version of the steam setter , expecting it to be wonderful and it held the setting for a few hours . So , I returned it , read more reviews , and got this one . This one did n't even hold the setting for an hour . So it went back also.I 'm done .
 I think this product made my hair even drier than it was before I put the product in ! Go figure .
 I purchase this for my daughter , who is mixed -LRB- Africian-American & Caucasian -RRB- and this did NOTHING to help with the tangles . And when her hair would dry-aftering putting the product in - it was frizzy and unmanageable . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I loved the smell of this product , but it dried my hair out : -LRB- It did not condition or detangle my hair . What a bummer - the scent is a keep though .
 I bought this product in a set and could n't wait to use it once I got home . Shampooed my hair with the black vanilla shampoo and then tried out the black vanilla leave in conditioner . this product seemed to dry my hair out and did not help detangle it at all . I wear a short hairstyle and rarely have to worry about detangling my hair . I would not recommend this product to a friend , hell I would n't recommend this to a enemy . Carol 's Daughter is just a phase that everyone is trying out .
 I have hair to my lower back and always need detangler and lots of conditioner . I saw this and thought I would give it a try ... BIG mistake , what a freaking mess this made my hair I could n't even get a wide tooth comb through . It was worse then when I use my normal product , and it made my hair seem like it was really crispy and dry . My husband said it made my hair feel like straw , he loved the smell of the product but it is extremely drying , by the time I had finished combing my hair my hair was one big frizz ball with broken snapped ends . Two hours later I actually got my hairbrush stuck in my hair which has never happened before , it was like I had put stuff on my hair to tangle it instead of untangle . I washed it out and my hair clearly had alot of damage from this product ... it almost felt like hairspray on my head . I wish I could get my money back . I will go back to my regular product !
 this stuff is awful and dried my -LRB- natural 4a -RRB- hair out ! a crunchy dried mess it was . save your cash , people !
 I must say this leave-in conditioning product did nothing but make my short-cut , natural -LRB- African American -RRB- hair feel coarser after applying . Did I receive a bad batch ? The scent of this product is wonderful , but who wants to pay that much money for hair perfume ? Sorry Carol but it 's back to the drawing board on this product . If I could send it back I would ; I kept it over 30 days hoping that after continuous use the state of my hair would get better ... NOT !! I 'm happy that I like your other products , otherwise I would n't bother in the future . I guess you ca n't please everyone
 I purchased this in a set and must say was disappointed in the results . It was packaged beautifully and could not wait to use it so I shampooed that night and conditioned my hair . I sprayed in the CD Leave in and my hair only felt wet with a strong smell of vanilla . It did not detangle all that well and I did not feel as though my hair was moisturized after using it . It was like spritzing vanilla scented water in my hair more than conditioning . After blow drying , my hair felt stripped and looked rather dry . Not a fan of CD and will not purchase again .
 I have relaxed hair , and was thoroughly disappointed with this CD product . My hair was left tangled and the scent is overwhelming . I have had better results with the Khoret Amen leave-in conditioner . Unlike the results from the black vanilla leave-in conditioner , my hair was no more thangled than ususal and I was not overwhelmed by the scent . I enjoyed the herbaceous , floral , and refreshing scent . This is my hair ritual
 The hype that surrounds Carol 's Daughter is only that ... hype ! My sister uses these products and got my mother to try who has natural hair . They both say they notice their hair has more moisture and is more manageable . I decided to try it . I use the Black Vanilla Herbal Shampoo , the Leave-in Conditioner and the Hair Smoothie . Let me tell you that my hair has never been more dry , tangled and nearly impossible to run a comb through as when I use this product . My hair is usually not hard to comb through after washing , but it takes me a good 45 min to part and comb through my head . I pull out so much of my hair in little knots . I read a while ago on their website people saying these products do this but I tried anyway because of the reviews of my mom and sister . But those reviewers were right . I think it 's also funny that if you go look on the website this product no longer has those negative reviews up . There are only a couple of reviews -LRB- if that -RRB- for the Black Vanilla product when there were previously a lot more and they only left the glowing reviews up which gave 4 or more stars . Shady practice , Carols ' Daughter . I do n't dissuade people from making a purchase because you could have great results , but if you use once and notice you can barely get a comb through your head , do n't attribute it to having done something wrong yourself . It 's the product . Throw it out and do n't look back !
 This stuff is horrible . If it cost $ 1 , I still would n't buy it . The smell isnt even all that great . It literally feels like you 're spraying your hair with vanilla water . I felt no conditioning agents in my hair , no softness , or no slip . It 's just blah ! Totally not worth purchasing . I 've tried several carol daughter products , hated all of them !
 Oh my goodness , i dont know what 's the buzz with Carol 's Daughter products but I 've tried their body scrub and body shouffle . They did n't smell good and did n't moisturize good . But I thought I 'd try their leave in conditioner , seeing all the good reviews on their website.And now it 's drying my hair so bad !!! My hair looks like a witch 's hair now thanks a lot Carol and Lisa ! What a complete waste of money !
 I loved this product as much as other ... I wanted to I really did but it left my hair so dry like weeds or hay I I had to wear my hair it in a pony tail and then a lot of my hair came out because of the dryness . I 'm not sure who hair this is made for but not mine and I have curly hair so I thought it would be perfect . Better luck next time ...
 I tried this product a couple years ago when I was searching for a good moisturizer/conditioner for mixed -LRB- multi-ethnic -RRB- hair . The 1 star is for how good it makes your hair smell . This product dried my hair out , made it hard to comb , and as a result caused breakage over time . I regret ever wasting my $ $ and putting my hair through the unnecessary distress !
 Well , I have to admit , I 've been dying to try out Carol 's daughter 's for awhile and even though I read thru the reviews before buying -LRB- 50/50 basically -RRB- , I decided to take a chance and purchase this bottle.Well sadly , I 'm not impressed . I wear my hair natural -LRB- eg . no perm , no hot comb , no blow dryer -RRB- , so I can pull it in a bun before work -LRB- my 10 mins hairstyle -RRB- and at the end of the day , my hair feels dried out and hard when I get home . In fact , I 've been using Fructis ' leave in conditioning since Sept 2010 , after I got my first and ` only ' weave and I wanted to research how to take care of it . Well , I 've continued to use Fructis ' Leave in conditioner -LRB- just place some in a water bottle , shake & spray -RRB- and it by far , leaves my hair softer and more manageable after I get home from work . Trust me . And honestly , I was n't too impressed with the black vanilla scent either and I * love * vanilla but this bottle reminded of lightly scented vanilla water.So I will be sticking with my Fructis with Argan oil -LRB- check wikipedia -RRB- and Apricot Leave-in-cond . Still love the smell , even 23 months after my first purchase but sorry Carol 's Daughter for the review on your product . Just re-vamp the ingredients to include more `` softener '' for women of colors ' hair type and perhaps I 'll re-purchase in the future . But for now though . . this bottle was a waste of $ $ and 20 times the cost of my Fructis on a sale/coupon day & when I can dilute it and turn it into my own spray .
 I was looking for a leave in conditioner that I could use on both wet and dry hair . I have very curly hair and a lot of it , and I have very hard time brushing it when wet ... this product made brushing MUCH harder and I ended up with a comb full of hair by the time I was done ... I really wanted to like but have to give it 2 stars ... The smell is great , but it lingers on for days and will interfere with any other scents you put on .
 Normally , I would not spend $ 40 + for a fancy water/alcohol blend . But I had just run out of toner -LRB- from another brand -RRB- , had some store credit I wanted to be rid of from Sephora , and all they had left was one 3.4 oz bottle of this product . I had heard good things about it though , and the rep that was helping me recommended it for its naturally-derived ingredients and simplicity . Along with the Beauty Elixir , the rep recommended the Vinopure Matte Finish Fluid , which I bought as well.The most important thing for me is using products with safe ingredients that wont aggravate my oily , acne-prone skin . So I 've been leaning more towards natural and organic products , as they tend to have fewer controversial and/or proven harmful ingredients . Caudalie products hardly meet these standards , but it 's better than a lot of the other brands that Sephora offers . Especially now that they have discontinued the Pangea Organics line , the only brand I still felt pretty comfortable using there . -RRB- : I immediately began using the Beauty Elixir along with the Vinopure Matte Finish Fluid twice a day . Unfortunately , within one or two weeks , I noticed that I was getting a lot of little whiteheads around my T-Zone . A few whiteheads on occasion are normal for me , but the extent to which I was breaking out at this point was unusual . I do n't know whether it was the toner , the moisturizer , both , or something else that just happened to coincided with the time that I began to use these products . Maybe I just did n't use them long enough ? But I did n't want to risk making it worse by experimenting to find out , so needless to say , I discontinued use immediately . Within a week my skin returned to normal . I 'm pretty convinced that it was these Caudalie products that caused the breakout , but take from it what you will . They must be working for some others at least , just from looking at the reviews . Just be wary if you 're acne-prone like me.What I DID like about the Beauty Elixer was the glass bottle and spray . It comes out in a very fine mist - just two sprays was enough for me . The cooling sensation -LRB- from the balm mint , I suppose -RRB- felt nice . However , my skin has always been sensitive to alcohol , so it 'd sting for a few second around my eyes , nose , and other sensitive areas . It was n't excruciating , but not pleasant either.I gave this product two stars for the nice packaging , spray , and some decent ingredients . Took three stars for the ridiculous price , use of alcohol plus a few other questionable ingredients , and for potentially making me break out . I 'll be taking this , along with the moisturizer , back to Sephora and returning to the products I had been using before .
 I purchased this for longer flights which tend to dry out my skin . I usually use the Evian spray but opted for this due to the pleasant scent . Considering it 's pricier , I would likely not purchase again because I do n't think it adds much . The scent is nice and it does last for quite awhile .
 I do n't know if one could overcome the smell of this product to enjoy the benefits it claims . I am a loyal user of Mary Kay products , but this product took me off guard when I used it .
 This product is equally effective as eye revitalizers I can buy at a drugstore . The dark circles under my eyes did n't disappear , but they were less noticeable in about a week . Regular use keeps the circles easy to hide with concealer.When this is gone , I wo n't be buying it again . I expect quality from Mary Kay , and what I got was a roll on bottle with an applicator as likely to seize up as to glide smoothly over my skin . I probably wasted a quarter of the contents just rolling the tip around on something until the product started flowing again . Various storage methods do nothing ; the roller ball cakes up with moisturizer and stops.No matter how annoying , the technical difficulties are NOTHING compared to the smell . Hmm , how can I put this delicately ? This moisturizer combines the aroma of warm orange sherbet with the funk of an athlete 's jock area after a hard workout . The smell either dissipates , or I become used to it a couple of minutes after application , but more than once my husband has stopped on the way to a kiss and asked me what 's on my face.Aaand that 's the dealbreaker . When a guy who 's oblivious to gym socks , a full litterbox , and burning toast notices the foul scent of my moisturizer , it 's time for a new moisturizer !
 I used this product for over a 6 months . The puffiness and darkness under my eyes were not reduced . The product did not work for me .
 I used this product for about a week ... after the first few days , I noticed that the skin around my eyes had become a little sensitive . A couple of days later , my skin burned like crazy from saline solution when I put my contacts in . So I stopped using the eye revitalizer . The skin under my eyes was ok - just sensitive . But the skin where crows feet would be , had burned and blistered from this stuff . My skin is normally not super sensitive , so I do n't know if I just got a bad batch or what ... but if I could , I would give my rating zero stars . I still had dark circles and puffy eyes , PLUS chemical burns . At least MK has a money back guarantee .
 I can live with the smell that others have noticed with this product . Does it smell nice ? No . But that is minor to me . Another reviewer mentioned that she wastes product when she tries to get the roller ball flowing again . This has been my experience as well . Every time I use the product , I have to roll it around on the back of my hand for quite a while before any product appears . I would have preferred a different method of application . But the most important complaint I have with the product is that it simply does n't do anything . After using it for the past month or so , I have yet to see ANY difference . It was a waste of my money and I feel a bit like the little boy at the side of road who says `` The Emperor has no clothes '' . -LRB- If you do n't know this children 's story , please forgive me . -RRB- I 'm a Mary Kay fan . Their make-up remover and moisturizer are the best I 've found and I use them daily . My 18 year old daughter uses them as well . I also like the Timewise Body lotion . But I am now suspicious of all of the other `` must have '' specialty items and feel like I 've been `` had '' . I 'll stick to the basics .
 This product really irritated the skin under my eyes . I am still having problems getting it cleared up . If it starts to burn and sting , discontinue it right away !
 This product was a waste of money it did noting to remove the small dark circles I have under my eyes . Its a waste of money . I would not recommend this product to anyone . Thank You
 I can not use this stuff without gagging . The smell is so strong and offensive that I havent been able to leave it on longer than ten minutes without washing it off and even then I can still smell the odor of a rotten foot for the rest of the day . I tried to add a scented oil with it to offset it but that didnt work . I do however like the cooling effect it gives to tired puffy eyes and it seems to help wake me up and get me going in the morning , BUT that is the only good thing . The roller ball constantly clogs up and doesnt want to work properly so it seems to be more of a hassle to use . I am not real happy with the product at all , ecspecially for the prices that mary k charges . I expect to get a better result than this . I too like others who have reported here , thought that it had expired . I almost wish it had so I felt better about contacting my consultant about an exchange . Just wondering if anyone else has talk to thier consultant and what they did for them ?
 I have n't used this product long enough yet to really be able to say whether it helps puffiness and dark circles , although I will say it is nice to be able to use it twice a day without it causing any issues under my makeup . As others have said , the roll-on applicator is wasteful . But the worst thing about the product is that it really , really smells bad . Like it 's soured or something . I hate to even wear it to bed because I know if I can smell it my boyfriend can too . It would be a pretty good product if they could just add something to it that smells good . If I did n't feel so bad about asking , I 'd get my money back on this -LRB- and I may still do that -RRB- .
 I can not use it because of the very offensive odor . I think that everyone picks up different notes so some people only smell the citrus but I can not take it at all . It is unfortunate because it is such a good product with amazing results .
 I 've only been using it for a few days so I ca n't say whether it works or not , but I wanted to see if anyone else had anything to say about the smell or if my bottle was bad . I hope it works because it 's expensive and it seriously reminds me of my brothers stinky socks and shoes when we were teenagers . If anyone has a teenage boy they should know what I 'm talking about , and that 's what this stuff smells like
 I have super-dry hands that crack and bleed over the colder months . I had seen positive reviews of this online , so I had high hopes for it -- but it did absolutely nothing for me . As if I had n't used anything at all . I was applying it every 2 hours for weeks and nothing changed . I even -LRB- optimistically -RRB- took a `` before '' picture , hoping I could show results . Sadly , there is no `` after '' picture.The 2 stars are because the product goes on fine , does n't feel greasy , has no particular smell , and is paraben-free . If only it worked on me !
 moisturizing but not great , kind of sticky , i hate it on my face because it breaks me out , i only use it on my body
 I wAS VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS PRODUCT . I LIKED THAT IT WAS NOT GREASY , BUT IT DID NOT MOISTURIZE AND DID NOT WORK FOR ME .
 The formula was very watery . I used it on my arms and it didnt help at all . I also tried it on my face and it made me break out . It honestly reminded me of watered down lubriderm or some cheap lotion . This was really a disapointment .
 i bought this product last week i used it and did n't like it at all.it does n't work on my dry hand so if you have dry hands and you are looking for a good lotion this is n't it for you it might work on normal skin but not on dry skin.so would not recommend this product .
 It 's too expensive for the amount you get and still have n't really figured out , `` what 's the point ? ''
 I love the eucerin body lotion/cream products so very much that I was eager to try the facial creme/cleanser products too . I have very sensitive and dry skin & was not at all concerned with my `` experiment '' to try Q10 anti-wrinkle sensitive skin creme , clear skin pore purifying foaming wash & clear skin pore control & creme . Well , to my shock , after 5 days of use , I had a severe outbreak of blemishes & my skin was extremely reddened & dry . I do not at all recommened these products for anyone with dry & sensitive skin . I will continue to faithfully use their lotions on my body as well as on my young children ... but will NEVER use their face cleansers & creams again .
 Do n't waste your time with this product . I had used a similar pumice stone/sponge product before but never where the packaging contents where stuck to the product itself . I was able to remove some of the plastic but it become unbearable . It 's a waste of time and money . I bought this product because of the price since many pumice stones are ridiculously overpriced but I 've learned that paying a few extra cents can pay off .
 I love Manic Panic , I think they 're a great company and they make great products , so I was expecting more out of this when I used it . When I bleached my hair prior to using this dye , the bleach did n't entirely take , so I would warn people that unless your hair is platinum blonde , you wo n't get any pink in your hair but a little tint . And it washed out after two showers .
 I 'm really disappointed with this dye . 15 years ago this was THE dye , and now it fades uber fast and stains hands even after the initial dyeing was done at a salon . I used this on professionally bleached hair and the dye covered unevenly ; it was dark blue at the middle and ends of the hair but sky blue at the roots . It faded greenish in a week even with good care and looked kind of cool while it was fading , but it faded way too fast for my taste . The only reason why it gets 2 stars is that does look kinda cool during the fade process but that time window is slim , like 1 or 2 days before it really starts looking shabby . I wo n't be using this brand of dye again , ever . Use Jerome Russell Punky Colour in Midnight blue instead , it 's everything this dye wishes it could be .
 Well , I 've used the blue manic panic -LRB- amplified -RRB- before , it turned my hair blue for months.This time though , I bleached and dyed my hair with this non amplified pillar-box red and it faded within a week . I do n't know if its this -LRB- NON-AMPLIFIED -RRB- version of the dye or if it was just really old and had been sitting on the shelf for too long . Whatever it was , My hair was pretty much orange in 2 weeks.If you 're going to dye your hair red I would recommend the amplified version of this dye.I 've had great results from it .
 I used to use manic panic quite often , and now I remember why I stopped . This product did nothing for my hair . I 've used almost every color of manic panic , they fade very quickly.Your hair looks very bright and nice at first , but it fades quickly .
 This color would not show up brightly on bleached hair . Even after two applications . Just turned it a strawberry blonde . If you really want a strong pink , go with a more fuchsia color .
 I bought the amplified Wildfire hair dye hoping that it would last longer than the classic wildfire . I did n't notice ANY difference at all . It faded to orange in less than two weeks -LRB- washing every other day , in cold water , with sulfate free shampoo . -RRB- On the plus side , Manic Panic is easy to apply , washes off skin easily , and usually even washes out of clothing.I was really hoping that it would last longer , because I love the just-dyed wildfire color . No such luck . I 've sinced switched from using Manic Panic to using Special Effects . The difference is astounding , my special effects-dyed red hair has lasted , without noticable fading , for three weeks and counting now . It does stain skin , but I 'm willing to deal with that since it means I do n't have to redye my hair every two weeks !
 i 've been using Manic Panic for 5 + years.i loved the original version of vampire red very much it faded to a beautiful orange then to ginger and back to blonde.well when i bought this hoping for a longer lasting color.i left the color in for about 3 hours.i would 've left it in longer but i did not have the time.the color was beautiful at first.exactly what i wanted but after a few washes i realized instead of the orange to ginger shade the original formula gave me it was leaving me with a rose color that is now fading to a pastel pink.although the color is vibrant and pretty even with it fading to pink i 'm very disappointed that i 'm now going to stuck with pink ends for the remainder of my pregnancy since i can not bleach out the pink.THIS DYE IS PINK BASED ! IT WILL WASH OUT PINK ! UNLESS YOU 'RE PREPARED FOR THE WORK AND MONEY IT WILL COST TO REMOVE THE PINK DO N'T BUY ! GO FOR THE ORIGINAL FORMULA.IT 'S CHEAPER AND IT 'S A BETTER COLOR
 I 'm a natural Brunette . I bleached my hair a month earlier so that i could go purple . I picked Purple Haze because it was the perfect color purple that i wanted . I got the amplified , which is supposed to make it last longer and what-not . I left the product in my hair for over 6 hours and it came out perfect the first time around . There was n't enough product for all of my thick hair so i only did the under layer . During the first rinse i rinsed until the water was clear but every shower i took after that for the week after i could just see more and more purple come out . By the end of the week it had already started to fade to a pale purple . Half a week after that it looked more of a dirty purplish blonde that was n't appealing.I loved the color , and i know that 's it 's only temporary . But i wish that i had n't wasted the time , honestly . Or the money . Especially since it only really lasted a couple of days .
 The dye itself is very nice ; it goes on neatly , it does n't itch , it does n't smell bad and it made my hair feel great . However , none of that matters when it does n't yield results . I only used one of the little tubs , so maybe I would have had better luck using more dye . I left it in for about three hours total and my hair turned out a nice light pink . Because I did n't have enough dye , there was still quite a bit of blonde visible but it looked fine . Unfortunately , the first time I washed it , almost all of the pink came out . The top of my hair by the roots and my bangs stayed a very light pink and the rest was a vaguely pink tinted blonde . While it was still a fun look , it was n't what I was intending or what the product was supposed to do ; it 's marketed as a dye , not a tint . I 'm definitely using a different brand next time .
 I got it a couple weeks ago and left it in my roots for an hour . I swear it was half washed out after the first wash 2 days later . A week after and my roots were nothing more than tinted pink . Highly disappointed . I think I 'll stick with N'Rage : /
 Previously , I had purple hair and I loved it . I let it fade to pink and then I dyed it black . I used Special Effects Pimpin ' Purple . After I few months I bleached my hair back to blonde -LRB- which was super hard -RRB- and decided to dye my hair turquoise . I initially wanted to buy Special Effects Fish Bowl color but I could n't find the brand in stock ANYWHERE so I decided to take my chances with Manic Panic after everything I was told bad about it so I could see for myself.Manic Panic really does suck ! The color was pretty nice when I first dyed it , it was a bright turquoise with some green bits , but after one wash it significantly faded . After two , it faded even more , and now the ends of my hair are an off blonde greenish color , and as you get up to my bangs the color intensifies . My bangs are still pretty bright , but the ends of my hair are SO FADED . Luckily , the faded color is quite nice , so if you 'd like the whole pastel hair thing like a lot of people do , then you might like this . However , when it fades more I 'm going to try Punky Color instead since I ca n't find Special Effects anywhere . If you want bright long lasting color , I hope Special Effects comes back in stock .
 I used an entire container of the amplified formula on half of my hair . I left the color in over night , applied heat , rinsed with vinegar , and then rinsed with cold water . In short , I did every little trick I had heard to make the dye vibrant . It did n't help . THis is my second time using this dye , and I am still disappointed . I had decided to try the amplified to see if that helped at all , but it did n't . I bleached my hair to almost white-blonde before applying as well . The color that resulted was a pale , faded pastel green that did not completely saturate my hair , so some spots were paler than others . The dye itself was incredibly runny and foamed slightly when I tried to rub it into my hair . By contrast , the iguana green dye I used on the rest of my hair was thick and easy to work with . I did n't even use the whole bottle , and my hair turned out a deep , brilliant green.Normally I like manic panic , but I ca n't help feeling that this particular dye is a flop . I am not sure what other reviewers did to have their color turn out so well . Perhaps it only works on thinner hair ? Whatever the reason , I would n't recommend this dye for anyone . Manic Panic has great reds and blues , but for greens , I 'd steer clear and use special effects .
 I recently ordered & received the Ultra Violet Manic Panic hair color cream and aside from the shipping label - it says ` Amplified ' no where on the jar . If you have researched this product via ManicPanic.com , as I did - you can see many product packaging shots that show a difference between the standard color and the ` Amplified ' version.In the photo for this product , even though the `` Amplified '' is n't on the main label - there is a giant sticker on the lid that says ` Amplified ' - My jar did NOT have this either.This was purchased specifically because I wanted their longer lasting formula.I am not sure if I simply received the wrong item or if this is product misrepresentation.I have contacted E Shop LLC and am awaiting response . Will update if/when they contact me - but if you need for a specific event or need it quickly , be wary !
 I used the flash lightning bleach kit -LRB- which worked great -RRB- and then the purple haze hair color . I left it in for an hour . I washed it out and it looked bright and fabulous ! Shocking color , exactly what I wanted . But I was so bummed that it faded noticeably each shampoo afterward . And the first week it was rubbing off on my shirt collars and my pillow case -LRB- but that came out easily enough in the laundry -RRB- . Three weeks later , nothing but blonde . I still have half a bottle but I do n't think I 'll use it , for the mess it makes on my clothes and sheets , and the effort of dying it again . A friend of mine had some pink streaks -LRB- on blonde hair -RRB- that lasted MONTHS . Apparently pink has smaller particles that latch onto the hair a little better . I 'll try that next time .
 It did n't tone my hair at all . When I stirred in some purple it worked a little better .
 I 've had bright red hair off and on for almost 7 years now , so I 've used just about every brand I could find trying to find the best one . Manic Panic is not it.My hair was platinum blonde , perfect for any color , after leaving this color on for several hours -LRB- since it 's not like box dyes it 's safe to do that , and you 'll get better results -RRB- the color was dull and dingy , I ca n't put my finger on it but it was not RED . It was rusty and peach-ish and only lasted one wash before it faded to a disgusting burnt peach color . I believe I applied this 5 different times over the period of 2 months and got the same result every time , gross dull color that washed out after a week.A few people told me my hair was too processed to hold color , which I was ready to accept - but I just triedCreative Image Adore Crimson 68and BAM ! My hair is CRAZY bright red , soft , and shiny ! So there 's definitely better options out there.I would n't recommend this product to anyone .
 I would never by this hair dye ever again . It was not the color it was supposed to be and did not last more than one day , it stains your scalp , and turns your hands and fingers pink when you run them through your hair . I even bleached my hair before using it like the directions said , but it still turned out awful . I definitely would never recommend this to anyone . If you 're thinking about buying this , please do n't because it turns your hair light pink , not `` vampire red . ''
 I have light brown hair and bleached one streak of it with the intention of using Manic Panic 's Amplified Infra Red dye . Such a chore , the color fades within a week leaving me with an orange streak . The bold red lasts for 2-4 days and then quickly fizzles.Tried using it on clean hair , dirty hair , and varied amounts of time . Leaving it in for an hour instead of the recommended 15-30 minutes helped it last closer to 4 days.I did n't use a `` dye-neutral '' shampoo/conditioner , just stuck with my old ones , which could be a contributing factor . Still , `` 2 months '' vs one week is ridiculous .
 My hair was a light auburn colour , all this dye did was turn it dark brown . . I at least expected it to show a little cause my hair was pretty light . Nothing ! Two hours I left it in . I might make one more attempt .
 i bleached my hair from dark brown . it came out really orange , but i thought whatever im just dying dark red over it . but when i used this product , `` manic panic amplified vampire red '' it came out pink . like magenta pink ! its not at all what i wanted for my hair . now i have to go to the store and get something better . i am really dissapointed . i would not recommend this product if you want red hair .
 Bad . I have dark brown hair and it said if I did n't bleach my hair it would at least give a highlighted look . NOTHING showed up . I dyed the same bit like THREE times and nothing showed up . I finally decided to bleach parts of my hair and the color showed up , but I had to do it multiple times just to get it to have an even color . The dye itself is way too watery so it 's hard to apply and make stay . It fades very quickly and is just not worth it . I was not happy with the results ...
 I normally use Special Effects brand colors for when I go a vibrant color , but this time I was a little impatient and chose to purchase two pots of `` Manic Panic Ultra Violet '' at the Sally Beauty Supply near my house . After doing this , I realize I should have just waited the three days for an SFX dye to be shipped to me.I am being charitable by giving this product two stars , and the only reason why it 's getting that many is because the color DID manage to stick in some places , and where it did stick was gloriously purple -- the very shade I had wanted in the first place.HOWEVER -LRB- and note how big the `` whatever '' is -RRB- -- there are several streaks in my hair that did n't take AT ALL , and my hair was absolutely , definitely , thoroughly saturated with the colorant . I also did n't wait the 30 minutes the jar calls for . Instead , I let it sit in my hair for two hours -LRB- as I always do with these types of `` dyes '' -RRB- In fact , when I hold my hair up with my fingers in the light , I can see actual splotches where the color did n't take or did n't take strongly enough . * le SIGH * Anyway ... I do n't `` hate '' it , but I blame myself for not being patient enough to just order some SFX . I WANT to like Manic Panic . . I really do . The name is awesome , the colors are pretty and the background story of the company is interesting . However , their products are really falling short of the expectations of a modern person 's hair coloring needs . Maybe this weak formula was `` the bees knees '' back in the late 70s era of punk rock , when faded dingy tones and splotches of untouched hair was considered edgy and cool , but I need something far more superior than this.Unfortunately , no stores in my area actually CARRIES Special Effects brand dyes , so my impatience got the best of me . I am now awaiting a shipment of two bottles of Special Effects `` deep purple '' to put OVER the current streaky mess that Manic Panic made of my hair.I guess I can only recommend this item if you 're only desire is to put a streak or two in your hair . Otherwise , avoid it like the plague and go for Special Effects brand dyes if you want your whole head colored like what I tried to do.Chelsea Hoffman , crime analyst and profiler .
 I 've been dying my hair for about 15 years , this is n't my first alternative color either . Absolutely nothing happened . No joke . It said let sit for 30 min , I let it sit for near 2 hours . Total bulls ***
 First , a bit of info on me . I 've been coloring my hair either blue or purple for the last three years . I have silver/white natural hair color , cut very short . Up until 6 months ago I have been having my hair foiled by a professional but decided to do my own because of the cost of paying someone else to do it . When I wash my hair with the semi-permanent colors on it , I use either Bumble and Bumble Color Minded , B&B ; Gentle or Baby Shampoo . On with the review!When I have my hair professionally colored , -LRB- I do n't know what brand they use -RRB- , I usually get about 3 - 4 months of good color . I generally used B&B ; Gentle to shampoo . I then tried Splat . The color lasted a long time , but I used blue and really wanted purple . I used Loreal kids shampoo . I read up on Manic Panic and talked to people about what they used and decided to give it a try . I ca n't get the color to last more then 11/2 weeks ! Here 's what I have tried : First try , I used a frosting cap and left the color on for two hours . Rinsed it and then did n't wash my hair again for 48 hours . The color lasted 1 week.Second try , I took the color to my stylist . She used a clarifying shampoo on my hair beforehand , then heavily foiled my hair . I actually left the salon with the foil and color still applied . I left it on for 4 hours . Washed out after 11/2 weeks.Just colored my hair 5 days ago . I combed it through my hair and put as much of the color on as I could . I then blew it dry with my hair dryer on high heat . I slept with the color in , and ended up with a 16 hour color time . I rinsed in cool water , then did n't wash my hair again until 3 days later . I used Bumble and Bumble Color Minded to wash it . The color has already , after the one wash , lost about 50 % of it 's brightness and my silver is showing through . I expect it to be gone by next week , which would give it a lasting time of 11/5 weeks again.I love the color ! I wish it would last . Even when it starts to fade , it fades to a silverish lavender . Could be because of my natural color underneath , but I like it.I wo n't be buying it again . I do n't like to color my hair every week , no matter how gentle it is . It just takes to much time versus the amount of time it lasts . I will be going back to Splat . I 'll just switch to the purple .
 I am extremely disappointed with this product . The color was not bright green it was like dark puke green . I cant blame this entirely on the color though , I did not bleach my hair because it was light brown/blond . Also the bottle looks huge in the picture , in reality the bottle is like as tall as my pinky . Overall I was not pleased , I will retry it tomorrow .
 This product left some of my hair an awful brassy blonde , transformed some of it into the beautiful white that you seek , and then was kind enough to put large lavender patches in my hair . I would n't recommend it at all . It was so mismatched that I had no choice but to ditch my blonde hair , which is now incredibly hard to dye over because of said awful product .
 This is supposed to be the product that everyone is using but I was not able to get it to color a young person 's hair . I did the bleaching of the hair first and applied this expecting a wild pink color and there was just a hint of pink . So if you want to be a flamingo for Halloween you should try something else .
 This hair dye is just awful ! Do n't even think to use it.I have a lot of experience dying my hair in crazy bright colors , with all kind of stuffs and different techniques , and this one is the worst ever.After I bleached my hair and did everything it said in th instructions , my hair was n't even close to the color it was supposedly to be.I tried several times , with pink , turquoise , blue and purple and the only one that worked a little bit was the purple but everything washed off at the next day when I washed my hair ; and I got a totally awful blond from the previous bleached.If you want to dye your hair , use JEROME RUSSEL PUNKY COLOR because after trying a lot of other products this one is the only one that worked with a great color , for a month without any fading and making my hair nice and soft .
 Terrible ! thats all I can say about this product , and a waste of money . Let me give you and idea of how much you will spend on this product how long you will wait and then I will tell you the end result . After shipping and everything came out to about 23 $ then they have to `` process '' your order through the company so after 3-4 days latey they finally ship your order . I spent an extra lil dough to ship this fast and still didnt get it until about two weeks later , and this is what I got a lil ity bity jar and a certficate for a discount next time I order from them . Gee thanks ! After that you have to go online just to get the proper instructions on how to use it then go out to buy latex gloves , vasline for your hairline so it wont stain your face and a `` tinting brush '' . After all this grief I thought finally I will have a lil blue hair tint , because thats all I wanted I didnt want my hair to be as blue as a marker so I opted not to be the bleaching agent and I have medium-brown hair and it did say it would work on that , in the end after all that madness it turned my hair black and my scalp is the only thing that turned blue ! Anytime any water would hit my hair here would come pouring out this blue water from my scalp and it got everywhere immean what a mess . Dont waste your time and money on this if you want blue hair or a blue-ish tint to your hair id advise going somewhere else , thats what im going to do . Oh and dont let that picture of the girl with blue hair fool ya she had to bleach all of her hair to get it to that color .
 After watching Martina from EatYourKimchi dye her hair pink using Manic Panic products , I IMMEDIATELY got the urge to do it myself . Rebellion !!! After ready many reviews , I decided to stick with her suggestion of Manic Panic hair dye.Hair Type
 Did n't show up much even on my bleached hair -LRB- I let it sit for a full hour , too -RRB- , and where it did show up it washed out in about 3 shampoos .
 I purchased this item the other day and had hoped that it would do all that it claimed it would . The first night I used it , I had the tingling sensation that it stated I might experience . It lasted almost 20 minutes . Second night , I waited a bit longer after washing my face before putting it on , and still had some tingling , but not as long . I was noticing that my face was feeling extremely dry during this time . The next day I noticed my face was flaking all over and had an almost leathery feel to it ... needless to say , I stopped using this product . My skin tends to be very sensitive to certain products , so perhaps this was just one of them ... so if you are the same way , I would be very cautious about using this product on your skin . It 's been several days since I discontinued it and I am still dealing with the very dry , flaky skin .
 I too hand tingling with use , but that was not too bothersome . What happened is that all my pores got blocked , resulting in a cystic acne flareup which I am being treated for currently . Leave well enough alone !!
 I bought 2 jars of this product . Both werealmost empty . What a Scam !!! $ 80.00 for NOTHING !!! I have returned it , howeverhave not gotten credit for it as of 1/3/2013 . The product may nhave been good , however there was notenough in either jar to make a proper evaluation .
 Do n't waste your money on this , it is overpriced and I did not notice a difference in my hair while using it . Try Loreal 's Nature 's Therapy Mega Moisture instead !
 I 'm not impressed by this product . I 've tried it twice now and both times my hair was sticky and it did not control the frizz . The next day my hair was a little softer and less sticky . I do n't wash my hair everyday . All in all , will not purchase again .
 Ive been using it a week and a half now and it doesnt really feel any different than something like Aussie 3 minute miracle . Not worth the price . As for the seller shipment was received in a timely manner !
 I received a hotel sized bar of soap for 7.99 . Sending it back . Picture shows full size bar . Do n't be fooled . This soap is amazing but NOT for that price
 This is a good shampo if you do n't color your hair . It did n't moisturize my hair enough and left it frizzy .
 I thought I liked this shampoo so I ordered a lot of it . I found after a few weeks of use , my hair felt greasy and as if I needed to find some way to clear it of this product . Maybe it 's just my old hair , but it does n't work for me . I have never used rinses or dyes .
 I have tried many shampoos to find one that does n't burn my sensitive skin and scalp . FFekkai is a well know name but the product is not what I would want in a shampoo . I found it irritating and could n't wait to shampoo it out and off my scalp .
 I bought this product about a month ago and was very pleased at first . About a week after having the product it stopped getting as hot and stopped straightening my hair . Overall this product left my hair looking awful . I was very excited to get this product since the reviews were so high , but ended up being very disappointed .
 I 'd read through the reviews before I purchased this flat iron . Unfortunately , the flat iron stopped working after less than 12 months . I never wrapped the cord around it . . -LRB- I 'd read in the reviews not to do this . . for whatever reason -RRB- . However , it worked great while it lasted but I wo n't purchase another . I 'll stick with the regular Chi which has never gone out and I 've had it for 3 years now .
 I have really curly hair , and this straightener really only damaged my hair completey and caused it to frizz up after an hour . My hair is so bad from the iron that I have to put my hair in a bun after using it to make it appear less frizzy . It was a good product at first , but after a while it made my hair worse . Note
 Bought this iron because it was a great deal and had fantastic reviews . Was pretty good for the first six months then the red light started flashing on and off and the plates kept turning off . At the 12 month point it would decide to turn on whenever it wanted to and now after 16 months its completely dead . Do n't buy it .
 My HAI flat iron just died on me . I received it for Christmas and on May 17th it completely stopped working . It got really hot and then turned off and now it will not turn back on . While it is covered under the warranty , I have to pay to ship it and then have to pay HAI $ 14.95 to send me a new one . I had a CHI flat iron for 7 years and definitely regret purchasing this flat iron . What a waste of money .
 I purchased this iron after doing a lot of research . I found that they are heavy which i can deal with but the BIGGEST problem is that they pull and snag your hair . I tried using smaller sections of course which takes forever and mine and my daughters hair still got caught somehow . I put them away after purchasing them a few months ago and tried again last night-STILL NO good . Now its too late to get a refund so I will try to sell them at work or something!PS . the actual straightening part is ok its the snagging and pulling I cant deal with .
 Does not really work well with longer or curly hair . Does not straighten hair at all . I was not happy with this product .
 i really didnt like this flat iron . it doesnt get hot enough . i had a rusk flat iron berfore and that 1 is way better !
 I purchased my first HAI flat iron in November at the suggestion of my hair stylist , who has been happily using HAI products for the past three years . I had been using a CHI iron for the past several years , but because of its age became nervous that it would finally `` bite the dust '' , which as of this writing it still has not done . I ordered the HAI from Amazon.com because it was at a MUCH lower price point than at any other location . Up until last weekend , I was extremely pleased with the flat iron . I have very thick , hard-to-control spiral-curly hair that tends to damage easily , and the results I received from my HAI flat iron were actually better than with the CHI , although I had generally been happy with the CHI . My hair stays straight after use with both irons , even in very humid southeastern U.S. summer days or in the rain , getting frizzy and curly again only after actually getting wet -- but is a little flatter , thinner and shinier with the HAI than with the CHI . The HAI also allows me to adjust the temperature , lowering it when I just need a quick touch up or raising the temperature when ironing my hair after a shampoo , a feature my CHI does not have . Now for my recent dissatisfaction . I was dismayed last weekend to notice that the ceramic coating on the HAI 's iron plates has begun to wear off , especially since I have had the iron only six months and have taken efforts to protect it from any type of damage . It was sourced by Amazon.com from Discount Jungle , which I have now learned has been accused of selling knock-off products from time to time . My iron , packaging , and all paperwork included with it appears to be legitimate -LRB- but in fairness to HAI I do n't know whether it 's a true HAI product or a knock-off -RRB- , but because it was ordered from an `` unauthorized '' supplier HAI will not honor the 1-year warranty . So I am now on the hunt again for another flat iron . Prior to the HAI , I was happy with the results I got from my CHI , but I now know that there are irons that produce even better results . After doing my research , I have decided to buy a Solia iron this time . Hope I 'm making the right decision as replacing flat irons after only six months of use gets expensive .
 I do n't flatiron often , so I wanted something that would be a long-term investment and when I first bought this iron , I was really impressed . But after only a few months , I noticed the plates were cracked and the cord connection was damaged - and for a higher-end/pricier iron , it was kind of a let down -LRB- not to mention safety hazard -RRB- . I 've been using my little sister 's Jilbere 1-inch with great success and I think I 'll stick with that for now , although I am considering purchasing a Solia in the near future if the feedback is positive .
 Thinking that an expensive iron would last longer , I went ahead a spent the 80 some dollars back then . However , it stopped working after 16 months .
 One of my friend has had this flat iron for more than 5 years . I tried that and it was very good on fine , but damaged and frizzy hair . I decided to purchase my own HAI convertible ceramic iron . I went to a beauty shop and ask the seller for that . She Absolutely and Definitely warned me of buying this product . She explained that formerly it has been manufactured in Korea , but since 2-3 years ago , the factory has moved to China . As she told me , after this moving and changing , the quality of the product has declined.By the way , I did n't listen to her warning , and bought this iron online from Amazon . I received it on-time , in a well packaged form . It seemed that it was made of a lighter material -LRB- in comparison to my friend 's HAI -RRB- . I could n't wait to test it on my hair.The result for the first time was pretty good . I was so happy to find my ideal flat iron after searching couple of months for a professional but not too expensive flat iron . Unfortunately , my happiness did n't last too long . After just 2 times of use , it stopped working and never turned on again ! I could n't find the problem , so I returned it to Amazon . Although , choosing this flat iron was not a good experience for me , but I was satisfied with the way Amazon handled my order and the return process.Now , I 'm looking to find and purchase a reliable , good quality flat iron for my fine , color damaged and frizzy hair . Anybody has suggestions ?
 The ceramic coating on this iron started to wear off in less than 15 days . I am having to return it to One Stop for repairs . The previous iron bought was made in USA and had no problems . This one was made in China -LRB- ? -RRB- .
 I love , love , love this flat iron . It works better than any other one I 've ever used . But it always breaks ! I 'm on my fourth one and its starting to stop working . And other people I know who use the same flat iron , have experienced the same problem . As much as I loved this straightener , I 've decided to buy a different brand this time around . I just ca n't keep spending money on something that only lasts about a year to a year and a half . If they were able to fix this problem , I would definitely recommend this straightener .
 The iron worked GREAT for the time I 've had it ... probably about 11 months . I took care of it , cleaned it , did n't use it often . Today it would heat up and the red light was barely blinking . So sad . Now I 'm looking at other options .
 I bought this straighter for my wife 2 years ago . Last summer the plates started chipping and turning white . I would n't recommend this product to anyone . The manufacturer said that had a bad batch . That do n't make these like they used to . They 're trying to save money and rip us off ... skip this straightener
 you 've got to be kidding me . Almond cookie , smelled more like scented toilet paper and Jean Nate that never wears off . Do n't be fooled by the other reviews .
 I am really heart broken over this product I was really excited about this product . I used it for the first time last night and about 30min to an hour later I had to take another shower because my whole body started itching really bad . Thank God I did n't break out in hives .
 I used this product as a professional stylist only because Chi provides them free to my salon ... they are too hot -LRB- burn people -RRB- and there is not an easy cool shot button ... the cool shot button has three heat settings : cool , very hot and scalding blisters ... I would suggest the Bespoke T3 1800 watt unit for the consumer desiring salon results , it is lightweight but very powerful and fairly simple to use ... be sure to lock in your style w / the cool shot for a second or two for super shiny sleek hair -LRB- w / any dryer -RRB- ... i also love the solano super but it is fairly heavy
 i had read in numerous places that this dryer was great when it worked , but that chi products do n't last long despite their high price tags . well , this dryer never did heat up , and i 've sent it back . while i love my chi flat iron , i do n't think i 'll take another chance on one of their hairdryers !!
 A week after buying this dryer the cold shot button broke so now it takes at least 10 pushes before it sticks in so I can get hot air . Year later , the plastic faded and looks green instead of the blue it originally had . In terms of performance - I did n't notice any difference between this and some $ 20 Revlon dryer . Terrible product .
 This is my second CHI dryer that broke in under two years of use . They are not made well . The heating element broke on both dryers , but there 's no way to repair or replace . Overpriced for the short lifespan of the dryer .
 Great blowdryer when it works . Suddenly , out of the blue , the cool shot button ceased to work . It is upsetting because I heavily rely on that function of the blowdryer .
 For the reputation and cost of this hair dryer , it 's not worth it . I have searched high and low for a good dryer because I have very thick hair and I got excited about this product . It is not worth the money at all . I returned it , and went back to using my 20.99 special from Target , which actually works better than the Chi .
 Very overpriced . Save money and go buy something way cheaper , as good or even better from your local pharmacy . Not recommended .
 Works great for skin repair . Flovent inhalation aerosol caused skin to become very thin . Medline helped prevent tears in the skin .
 I usually buy `` professional '' style hair appliances from Sally Beauty Supply , so maybe I should have known this product would n't stack up . I have fine hair that is typically easy to curl . This product produced almost NO curl in my hair at all , which I can understand because it BARELY heats up .
 I bought this curling iron to replace an old one . I turned it on , left it to heat up for about 5 minutes , came back and nothing had happened . I did n't even bother returning it , just threw it out .
 No matter how long you let this curling iron heat up , it never gets hot enough for the curl to set .
 I have had this curling iron for about 8 months , used it about 1 time weekly , and it has already broken apart . It was only used by myself , no children , so it was n't abused . The arm just broke off inside the handle .
 Would not buy again . Cheap 5/8 '' plasticcurling iron . Price was $ 14 somethingbut it was not worth the money.Also I received a `` scam '' email afterpurchasing this item .
 As my title says that all these items marketed to women are basically total waste of money PERIOD . Women dont get it , PLZZZ Stop we men dont care about this crap .
 I just purchased this product and am sorry I did . For the $ 38.00 I paid I could have bought 4 of my favorite lip glosses from my local drug store . I am 37 and have relatively full lips and was inticed by the advertising that this product would give my lips a fuller appearance . This product did nothing . . I exfoliated my lips well and applied the gloss as directed I did feel a numbing effect and the color was pretty but did not get the advertised fuller/plumper lips . If Lipfusion was so confident in their product they would offer a money back guarantee ! That being said they would probably go out of business .
 I ca n't believe this company has the nerve to set a price of $ 38 . Amazon had it for $ 10.59 and I got it with some other alleged plumpers of about the same price to try it out . The current price is $ 21 -- just ridiculous . It is a pretty lip gloss with a slightly sweet taste . It licks off easily so it does n't last long . It has no other effect , but the company includes a long information page in many languages with purportedly scientific details and the fact that you 'll get best results when it 's used in combination with several of their other products . Incredible . I do n't give it one star because I save that for products that actually cause harm or are extraordinarily displeasing .
 The product feels nice on the lips . But it did not do what it promised . Way too pricy .
 Nope . Does n't work . As a lip gloss it 's okay but you can find a better lip gloss at a better price anywhere .
 This stuff did n't do a thing other then make my lips tingle a bit and feel sticky ,
 This particular color has a very bad fragrance and flavor to it . I do n't know why , but it does . I wo n't be using this color . The actual gloss is fine , it goes on smooth , looks nice , but the smell and the taste will prevent me from using it .
 Did n't experience any difference in lip texture , plumping , moisture , nothing . Tingly ? Yes . Anything beyond that ? No . Could not use under lipstick in the morning or it would smear off . Applied it , left it on as long as possible but eventually had to remove what was left before applying lipstick . Applied at night before bedtime . No noticeable difference for me . Disappointed .
 I with the lady who said this is a waste of money . If you are looking for a nice color with a shine lipstick go to a store , and get a nice one for a lot less . I was looking for the plumping , and there was n't any .
 This product works as promised , stimulating a `` slightly puffy lip '' response within one minute or less ... However , it is gone within about 20 minutes . So you will feel great walking out the door or getting a quick photo ... but it does n't last long . In my experience , a reapplication does not give the same response ... unless you wait for a few hours or wash off all your lip stain or lip stick and re-apply . And , not much in the .29 oz tube ... for the cost.But it does exactly what it promises .
 This was a total waste of money for me . I wanted the best the first time around so I purchased what I thought was the best , but the only thing it was best at doing was absolutely NOTHING . If you want to waste your money , try this product . It will tingle a little , then you 'll rush to the mirror and find that it 's done zero for your lips.NOT recommended .
 Not as good as the XL version . but it is a nice gloss so my wifes says . she gave the rest of it to a friend .
 This was obviously on sale because it 's been on a shelf for awhile . I 'd guess a year or two.The color was n't right and I do n't get the same tingle or plumping effect as with the product normally .
 Does n't perform as claimed . Good moisterizing lip cream with a tingle , but no better plumping performance for lips than any of several brands already tried , some cheaper and many more expensive . Perhaps a topical ca n't really do the trick .
 Lip Fusion did not work well at all ... the woman in the picture is misleading . .
 I have to say that over the years I have tried many different beauty products in pursuit of those lusious cushy lips all the celebrities have these days . From lip venom , to lip fusion , to celebrity sexy lips , all of these have given great temporary results , then after about 30 minutes the effect goes away and all I have is sticky , very un sexy lips . This product is also way too thick , which does help keep it on my lips , but my fiance HATES to kiss me with this stuff on . Also , this stuff tastes kind of gross so if flavoring is a factor when you choose your lip plumper then this is n't your product . My advice is to check out City Lips original formula its the only product I have ever seen any results with , and it won goodhousekeepings best plumper award twice , after month long testing sessions .
 I used this product for over two months . I did n't notice any difference in the plumping of my lips during that period . I used it as long as I did in hopes that the product had a cumulative effect ; alas - I believe it has none .
 I used this limp plumber for 3 weeks 3 to 4 times a day . Even thought it kept my lips well moisturized and full , it did n't do anything more than the Blistex Ointment I use in the Winter and which costs about 1/30 of the price ! It 's just a good lip moisturizer . Needless to say , I returned it to Sephora .
 Save your money . I only gave this product 2 stars because it does keep my lips from drying out like they usually do by the end of the day . But thats a pretty darn expensive chap stick if thats all it does . I wasnt expecting to look like Angelina Jolie BUT a little bit of change would have been great after spending over 35 bux ! So save your money and go buy a few tubes of blistex or chapstick . I wish I had !
 ... and yet , they are not . To be fair , I do n't really have what would be considered thin lips , but they could use a slight pump . So , I use as directed ; I promise . Here 's what I get
 I bought this item in October 2008 and it is now January 2009 and it already does n't work . I would n't recommend it .
 Never try since purchasing . Too big to apply for medium hair . Not sure if this thing could help shaping at all .
 I DONT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT.i have been a professional stylists for many , many years . `` time is money '' and i dont want to spend my time nor my money on a product that is less than adequit for the job . this iron was NOT hot enough to do the job ... fine hair , course hair , it didnt matter . i have a great curling brush that is perfect for the job , however , the bristles have `` cooked '' over the years and i havent been able to find the same product again . just going to have to keep looking but i can assure you that i wont order from the west coast again . it cost me $ 9.70 to return it and the iron was only $ 22.57 .
 I did n't really like this one :-LRB- was hoping I would since it got so many great reviews , but it left my hair frizzy and with tons of flyaways : -LRB-
 This hot brush worked great for about 6 months , then it worked intermittently , now it does n't work at all.I would not recommend this product .
 I have thick dry short hair and I expected this product could smooth my hair a bit , like what they do with brush and hair dryer at hair saloon , but It does n't work for my hair at all ... and it made my hair even kinda frizzy ...
 This Conair hot brush was great on my first use . The second time I tried to use it though , it would not turn on so I had to send it back to Amazon .
 I loved this iron for the first two or three months it actually worked but after that I could leave it plugged in for even an hour and still be able to wrap my hand easily around the barrel.I 'd love to buy a replacement but am very wary of this reoccurring - especially after the customer service at Conair was virtually useless , going so far as to tell me that they sold no such product !
 Used this for less than one year before it died on me ! When it worked it was very effective ! However it should have lasted much longer than it did !
 I ordered this thinking it was a &#34; 3/4 &#34; inch as advertised , but it 's actually closer to 1/2 &#34; . Also the cord is VERY short . I could n't use the brush unless I put the power strip on top of my dresser , it 's that short !! If you use it in a bathroom w/the plug right next to you , it should be OK , but be aware , it 's NOT 3/4 &#34; .
 I got this item for one of my daughters for christmas . She is mixed , and has thick , curly hair . I read many great reviews for this item , and decied it sounded like what we needed . I was WRONG !! The brush did absolutely nothing for her hair after I spent forever trying to make it work for her hair . This might be ok for people with fine , thin hair , but NOT for girls with thicker hair . I was very disappointed with this product !
 This product did n't seem to work out for me . I was hoping that it would help to smooth out my hair and curl the ends , but it did n't seem to work on my hair .
 My hair is shoulder length and got really tangled with this hot brush . I wish is had some kind of release button . I turned on the turbo because normally my hair is difficult to curl . I should have tested it first because it senged a portion of my hair . Did n't realized how hot this brush would get , so be careful ! I have resulted back to my nano flat irons , they make my hair much smoother . However , I will continue to play with this brush from time-to-time and perhaps , I will become better at using it .
 This was purchased for me at my request for a Christmas present 2011 . Now June 2012 , it no longer turns on . When I contact Conair for the 2 year warranty , well , yes , they 'll fix it , but I have to pay shipping and handling . The shipping and handling is more then the brush was . The product worked great , while it worked , but no way should it have died within 6 months . = sighs = back to searching .
 I absolutely love this curling iron . I have medium length hair that is fine and straight . I need a curling iron with teeth and it 's impossible to find one in my local stores so I checked out Amazon and was thrilled to find the Conair curling iron.It heats up quickly -LRB- and turns off by itself -RRB- . I plan on ordering at least one more to put away for the day when this one bites the dust.I am so happy I checked out Amazon ~ I 'm very rarely disappointed with anything I purchase from them.Update
 This product is not for people with thick course hair . I have shoulder length relaxed hair that is very thick and coarse . After I put the brush in a small piece of my hair . The brush was stuck , in order for me to get it out I had to unroll the brush and pull to get it out . If you have my hair texture you are better off using a curling iron .
 I do n't see how anyone would like this stuff . It cleary flaked in my black hair so much that it looked like I had dandruff gone awry . It did not straigten my hair , as a matter of fact it did absolutely nothing but make my wallet lighter .
 Barely warm on either speed . It took me way too long to dry my very short , thin hair . Perhaps it 's defective and stuck on `` Cool '' mode . I 'm returning this one and will try a replacement . Hopefully , I got the one lemon in the batch . Thank goodness for Amazon 's easy , free return policy !
 I ordered this item as a birthday gift for my wife 3 weeks in advance . I never received the product , but did get a email with a gift certificate for $ 0.00 . I spoke with the vendor twice , once on the phone and once via chat . Both times the conversations were hard to understand and confusing.Stay away from this vendor . You can get this item at KMart for $ 14.99 -LRB- but shipping was $ 6.95 ... pick up at store is $ 0 -RRB- .
 I have no idea what the product was like because the service from this shipper was horrendous ! I was told various dates for shipping and arrival and then the product never arrived and I received an email from amazon.com saying that they had received this product damaged and would not be able to ship it to me . This was supposed to be a gift and it never arrived on time ! I would n't use the company that ships this blow dryer .
 I ordered this hair dryer to replace the same model that I had purchased several years ago . My old product still worked , but had gotten worn and dirty looking , even though I had cleaned it . I am very disappointed in the replacement model . The plug on the new model is much larger and heavier than the old plug . It will not stay firmly in the outlet and is prone to falling out . It works a little better if I plug it into the upper outlet , but I have to keep my curling iron plugged into that one because the plug covers the lower outlet . If I put the plug into the lower outlet there is too much space between the plug and the outlet cover near the bottom of the plug , making the plug unwieldly and even more prone to falling out of the socket than when it is plugged into the upper socket . I actually had to build up the lower part of the plug with foam board and cover it with tape to fill in that space . There is only one outlet in the room , so I do n't have an optional outlet for each appliance.An additional but important problem with the plug is that it is 81/2 '' shorter than the old plug , which is a big difference ! It really cuts down on the reach cabability of the dryer , making the plug even more unstable . I would have given the product top star rating if it had a plug like my old model . I ca n't return the item because I cut off the warning labels -LRB- which I know you are n't supposed to do , but I know the safety hazards and do n't have any children around to worry about -RRB- . Other than the plug problem , the dryer works well , is fairly quiet , and folds for easy packing and less space used in a drawer , which is the main reason I liked my original dryer.I do n't know why they changed the plug . I really wish that when manufacturers have a good product that it is just left alone , or at least checked to be sure that the specifications and qualties are the same in every product . Luckily , I still have my old model to use -LRB- worn looking as it is -RRB- , and will pack the new model away for emergency use in case the old one stops working .
 The raving reviews about this hair dryer are all correct
 This was not the product I ordered and was disappointed that it cost me $ 12.20 to return it.I feel Amazon should have refunded my postage.I do thank you for the timely return price of the item itself.Thank youPat Savina
 Item as advertised claims it comes with a ` concentrator ' , which is why I chose this particular dryer . It did not come with the concentrator . It 's going back .
 Do n't be cheap dish out the extra $ 5 and get something that is going to get the job done right.This is very cheap looking , but it is cheap so how can i complain . I do n't even know if I can call the material it is made out of plastic.It does n't heat up past luke warm . I like my curling iron to get so hot I ca n't touch it , this one is so warm I can just leave my finger on it without getting burned.I 'm pretty sure if I got any hotter than it already does the material it is made of would melt.The barrel itself is very short . It 's like a travel/mini iron.At it 's best this is just a brush with a cord on it.I gave it two stars because `` you get what you pay for `` Maybe this is why I am the only one to give this product a review everybody else knew better .
 You get what you pay for ... it 's in my trash can . I 've never used one of these before and never will again.I got the thing so tangled in my hair and almost thought I was going to have to cut my hair at the scalp to get it out.This is for short hair only !!!
 I was so miscarried by the earlier reviews on this product , but I must say it is just a waste of money.The brush does not get got enough , does not make any difference in my hair . No help with setting your hair style .
 I bought this curling iron because it looked like a decent size to use when traveling . That part is true . The problem is that the teeth on the iron continually break off . If it came with replacement teeth it would be much better . Cheap plastic , not durable .
 This particular electric brush does not heat up enough and is not effective in smoothing and curling my hair . I have used this type of brush -LRB- all different brands -RRB- for over 20 years but this is not a good one .
 I was very disappointed with this curling iron the brush part is only 3 inches long which is not long enough to curl a section of hair . Conair need to shorten the handle and lengthen the brush part and they would have a much better product . I have normally gotten a very good product from conair but this one is not one of them . I do not recommend purchasing this curling brush .
 I could n't wait to receive my hot hair brush ! As soon as I opened the package I was not happy . Its very cheaply made . Does not get hot enough to hold a curl . I thought that it being a Conair it would be better made but I guess theirs lows and highs to every brand .
 Was finding it difficult to find the brush style curling items in the local stores . I did n't want to spend too much money , but I 've purchased $ 10 curling irons before that have lasted me years . Anyways . . the first disappointment is there is no `` on/off '' switch !! I was a little confused about that . I would think that CONAIR would realize that 's a HUGE safety issue . The second disappointment is that it takes FOREVER to heat up -LRB- at least to the point where I 'm satisfied -RRB- . Other than that , it 's a curling iron .
 I used to buy this product at drugstores and was glad to find it again . BUT the teeth are falling out of mine - many on the bathroom floor with each use . It will soon be without teeth altogether and useless . Next time I 'll pay more and hpoefully get a better product !!
 It does n't have an on/off SWITCH , and I do n't feel like unplugging the cord every time . Also no automatic shut off . Quality seems ok but it also doesnt get very hot at all.Im very disappointed
 Whoever gave this product a good review may be trying to get everyone else to buy it so they wo n't be the only foolish ones . This product is horrible and should not be used even if it were given as a gift . Conair should be ashamed for making such a ridiculous and cheap product . Get a good curling iron PLEASE spend the extra money . This is n't even worth returning , it would cost more to send back . It got tangled in my hair to the point where I had to cut it off . Also very cheap plastic material , paper thin . Heats up right away , -LRB- wheres the on/off switch ??? -RRB- The world may never know !
 I also searched endlessly for this style of curling brush , which is what I am currently using ... I was so thrilled to find exactly what I wanted ... Unfortunately , I neglected to read the other customer review before ordering as I , too , received a totally different brush than was pictured and described ... Please update photo and features to depict what is actually being sold ... A big waste of time .
 Huge disappointment . Searched endlessly for the `` old '' style heat brush with the untipped ends and 2 heat settings . They sent me the new style with tipped ends and 25 heat settings . This does not work on short hair . I returned it . The picture in the advertisement shows the old style but that 's not what they send out .
 It did not do what i expected . I thought it was a hot air brush.Very disappointed in the results
 I purchased this one a while ago but I barely use it as I have curly hair and so does n't really work well with my hair . Maybe with a fine hair could work !
 The first -LRB- and only -RRB- time I tried to use it , it melted the plastic tip and burned my hair , even though I did n't have it on the hottest setting . I had to rake through my hair to get the pieces that had been burned off .
 This is the worst curling iron I have ever used ! I turned it up to its highest setting and it was n't enough to create beautiful , or even decent , curls . I actually checked to make sure it was on !
 This iron is crappy . It does not get hot enough to make good curls . I had to wait 30 minutes for it to reach its hottest point and even then it would not make tight curls .
 This is the sort of product where you realize you 've been had as soon as you try to use it . It 's priced at about -LSB- ... -RSB- , just enough that it 's just about too much trouble to spend your time going to take it back . The lights lit up for about one second when I plugged it in , and then they were dead for good . Note that the lights have no switch -- the only way to turn the lighted mirror on and off is to unplug it , and that 's if it actually works . Which it does n't . The include replacement bulbs , but as ALL of the lights were dead , that was not the problem . Furthermore , there were n't nearly enough bulbs to replace the entire thing . Moreover , if you try to remove the case to change a bulb , using a coin as the directions tell you , you basically destroy the case , which is made of soft plastic that scratches and bends immediately . Take my word for it -- do n't buy this . It 's a scam item , in my opinion .
 I reserve the right to provide an update on this review since I 'm currently awaiting a refund . Now let 's talk about the product this seller is showing ... the picture is a conair steam n shine with a water reservoir to provide the user with steam/mist to the hair shaft while curling . It shows a silver/grey barrel . So , being in the spirit of giving I purchase four -LRB- 4 -RRB- ; I received 4 black barrel instant heat curling iron by conair , absolutely NOT what I ordered ! Upon contacting the seller and multiple emails I sent them pictures of what they were selling and what I actually received.I do n't normally write reviews , but I am truly disappointed especially when I make a purchase in good faith and wanted to give them as gifts . The reason for this review is the seller stills has the wrong picture up and as I continue to search for the conair steam n shine , this seller 's product keeps popping up . I have sent them a reminder to make changes on the product they have posted , still nothing ! 2011 is here and the consumers demand good service , quality products and no sales tactics or gimmicks , we are more savvy and demand respect from sellers ... so Housewares , let 's see how you 'll make me happy and if I 'll be able to provide consumers with an happy end to this purchase that went horribly wrong !
 I had the EXACT same result at the first reviewer -- I searched for & thought I purchased the steam curling iron that is shown on the picture , and instead got the cheapest model curling iron that Conair makes . I am very angry and have little hope that customer service will satisfy this problem .
 I 'm glad that I read these reviews . I have been looking for a Steam Curling Iron for a long time because they are supposed to be better for your hair than a regular iron . I used to have one and it lasted for many years . This is the only kind of Iron I will use . Thank you for letting others know .
 I 've purchased this particular perfume at department stores for a few years now since the fragrance smells great -LRB- fresh , does n't make you want to sneeze -RRB- , and decided to get it from Amazon since it was cheaper . It does n't smell exactly like the one in stores -LRB- although it smells similar -RRB- , which makes me think it could be fake -LRB- or watered down ?? -RRB- . The perfume fades quickly which is strange since I 've only needed a spray or two of this perfume in the past , and it stays on for a long time . I would n't buy this from Amazon again , and would n't recommend anyone buy this from Amazon .
 BLUF - Do NOT buy this from Amazon ; there is no way to get your money back ! My wife has been wearing Lauren for years and has loved it -LRB- and I love it on her -RRB- . I decided to get it for her from Amazon as a gift because I had Amazon Prime . What she got smelled nothing like the original perfume - it smelled a LOT like the anti-ant spray we use on the patio . What is amazing is that she says it even smells WORSE than the super-cheap knock-off version being sold out of the back of a trunk at a flea market for $ 5 . I am out of 70 bucks and in the doghouse with my wife . At least I can use it to keep ants -LRB- and any other self-respecting bug -RRB- off of our patio !
 I really wanted to surprise my wife for Christmas , as this was her signature fragrance . Yet after the first spray from the freshly opened bottle she knew something was terribly wrong . Lauren used to have a spicey and exotic fragrance , complex yet alluring , or in a word - mysterious . The bottle I purchased from Amazon smells like kerosene mixed with bug spray ! I really should have listened to other reviewers . To make matters worse , Amazon policy does not allow the return of liquids considered hazardous , and that means this perfume ! So now I am out $ 50 , my wife is quite upset , and in the future we will take our perfume purchases elsewhere .
 I received my order in a fashionable time . Very unhappy with the quality of this item . There is no fragrance . I do n't know how to go about getting my $ 45 back .
 Okay , I recieved this , after never having smelled it before , And when I first smelled it . . I was n't sure how I felt about it . I liked it , but at the same time I was n't sure about it , there was just something about it that turned me off a little , but overall i thought it was pretty good . So i waited about 5 days , sprayed it in my room a few times to see if I could come to a decision on weather I really liked it or not.the 6th day I STILL could n't make up my mind so I was like screw it I 'm wearing it.I 'm in 11th grade , just so you know , theres a lot of good comments on this perfume so maybe its more of a scent that mature adults like?Anywho , so I wore it , I sprayed it on me at about 8:15 , and got to class at 8:30 . A girl name hannah came in the room and said `` Mmm did someone spray something ? , it smells good '' so ahhh , I felt confident and happy.THEN matthew came in and said `` GOD IT SMELLS LIKE SOAPY -LRB- a word for butt -RRB- IN HERE ! '' . . so yeah.I did n't wear it for awhile after that . but I have started wearing it a bit again . . -LRB- I do n't want all my money to go to waste -RRB- What I 've noticed is that EVERY girl whos said something about it has liked it , BUT I 've had a lot of rude comments from guys on the smell , only about 2 have said something nice.To me , I want to wear perfume that smells good . And since I 'm a straight female I want something that I like the smell of and guys like the smell of . Which men do not find this sent attractive at least the ones my age . Hope I helped anyone my age ! : -RRB- Like I said I think this is more of a scent that both men and women who are mature and in there mid 20s would like .
 Got this for my wife for Christmas . She knows what 's it 's supposed to smell like , and she thought it smelled wrong . No way to return it , so now I 'm out thirty five dollars.Never order perfume on-line ; you ca n't return it .
 This perfume stinks , , its not Ralph Lauren , , as we know it . . False advertising at its worstCant get a refund either , , , so unfair
 I too was disappointed with a recent purchase of Lauren . I wore it in the 80 's , and when I tried the `` new '' stuff I was sorely disappointed . It is NOTHING like the Lauren that I remember .
 I ordered the product shown here but it was NOT what I received ... Also there was NO paperwork enclosed with the product on how to contact anybody regarding this mistake ... . I am extremely unhappy with this and need to know how to get this corrected ???? I was sent men 's spray and not women 's like what is shown ...
 The product arrived on time , but was leaking despite the packaging . I guess it just goes to show you should n't purchase perfume online
 Not like the Lauren I remember . Unless perhaps it 's been sitting around since the 70s or 80s and has completely changed scent .
 my wife thought it didnt have the ver same strong smell when you buy it in a macy stopre
 I opted to purchase this after reading the reviews and thinking ... well , some people like them . Wrong choice.My hair usually curls so tight with my old hot rollers that I thought that these bigger ones would give my hair more body than curl . Well , after using them twice , I look more like I tried to flat iron my hair and failed.I 've never returned a product before , but think these are going back .
 I keep my heat down to save on heating bills , but still I could n't believe that it would take about 30 to 45 minutes for these to heat up good enough to put a curl or body in anyone 's hair . my own hair is not fine or very thick and usually takes a curl . I owned a set before and loved them , but maybe I just got a set that did n't work very good .
 Bought these to augment an existing set of Conair rollers with 4 jumbos -LRB- the only size I use -RRB- , 8 med-lg rollers and unwieldy clips that randomly spring off my head and launch in different directions.Turns out , these are the same size rollers as the smaller , superfluous ones I already own and the clips , though better-behaved than the originals , leave nasty creases in my hair . Even worse , the unit was designed without an on/off switch . The instructions actually say to pull the plug out when you are finished . This seems to contradict conventional thinking that it is risky or perhaps even dangerous to yank a plug out of a socket before turning the appliance off.Ultimately , I felt compelled to give the Conair TS7N two stars because it takes up very little space and the rollers heat up quickly .
 I bought these to replace my hot rollers from 1994 , which were still working , but took up too much room on my bathroom vanity . I expected an improved product considering the age of my previous rollers , and I truly believe my previous rollers -LRB- circa 1994 -RRB- work better . It seems like I need to leave these in longer , maybe because of the spongy material on the roller -LRB- my previous ones were plastic -RRB- . the butterfly clips do n't work . I still had metal pins from my previous set so I can use those . The only thing I like about these is the size . I will likely look for others ...
 I used to own a newer version of these curlers , and those were fantastic . When mine broke , I bought these . What a mistake ! These do NOT get hot no matter how long you leave them plugged , and they still come with the terrible clips instead of normal metal holders . The clips leave marks on your hair , hold the curlers poorly , and were replaced by Conair in later models of this product . Do NOT buy these ! Oh , and they 're also terrible for travel . The size is good for a sink , not a suitcase .
 Why they suck : - they barely got lukewarm , and after leaving in my hair for half an hour there was NO curl -LRB- and my hair curls easily -RRB- - it 's a travel set , but the clips that come with it do n't fit in the travel case , and do n't come with any kind of carry bag -- how is that fit for travel ? That 's okay though , because I 'll never use them anyway . -LRB- would have given it zero stars but was forced to give at least one -RRB-
 I purchased this hair setter for travel , does n't curl your hair , clips wont hold rollers in hair , it 's big and bulky , and I ended up just leaving it in the hotel room it was so useless . Dont waste your money on this .
 I purchased these rollers based on the great reviews that were given . I had been using a set of Clairol rollers which worked well ; however I wanted a set with larger rods . These seemed to be the perfect set since I travel quite a bit . Even though I overheat the rollers , they wo n't hold curl the way my other set would . I have tried leaving the rollers in much longer than I should and I still ca n't get the curls to last . The clips also leave crimp marks in my hair . I am back on Amazon searching for an alternative !
 These jumbo rollers are very easy and convenient to use , the box is small and light , so you can definitely take them with you on your trips . However , there is one thing you need to know before you purchase this product
 These just do n't get hot enough and take up more room in a suitcase than you think . I have a set of the Conair Ion rollers which heats up quickly and gets REALLY warm ... so that each roller does n't need to be in for very long . I have to plug these in for 15 minutes just to get them warmer than what is normal for THIS set . Then , they must be left in my hair for five minutes or more . Plus , in a set of only 5 , they need to perform extra well , in case you need more than 5 rollers . With this set there is NO putting a roller back in the base expecting to get it hot again for another section of hair . Just way too slow and not hot enough ... and my hair takes a curl easily and is not very thick . This set was a real disappointment and I do n't use it anymore.Would love to see Conair or Clairol or SOMEONE create a travel set with whiz-bang heating , and a sleek , in-line design of 6 jumbo rollers , that would fit neatly along the SIDE of a suitcase , instead of being a big ol' real estate-eating chunk of square plastic .
 stopped working after two uses in less than a week . it was n't dropped or mishandled . 3rd time i was going to use it , i plugged it in and turned the switch to on ; never came back on .
 Yikes ! This is the first thing I have ever sent back to Amazon . The rollers get so hot you ca n't touch them anywhere . The clips to hold them in place are really weak . I have medium-thick hair . Perhaps people with thinner hair would have less trouble . The plastic top broke off the second time I tried to use them . This is the second Conair hair appliance I have owned . They do n't impress me much . I ca n't imagine I would ever buy a Conair product again .
 Rollers do n't get hot enough so curls do n't last . Clips that come with product are n't easy to travel with , big , bulky and feel like they would break easily . Product should include smaller clips instead . Ones that you can stow inside the unit . Only good thing is rollers heat up fast .
 These rollers are 1.5 '' thick and are too large for my thin , straight , long hair . They do n't curl my hair enough . They do add volume and make my ends curly but I wanted a bit more curl . The deal-breaker is the clips though . They hold the hair well , but the creases look horrible . I end up throwing my hair up into a ponytail just to hide the creases ... what is the point of that !? I will be returning these .
 The heating rollers worked fine , they heated quickly , and the clips held my long hair without any problem . The issue is - this is NOT travel size - case is way too large and delicate plastic . There is no storage for the clips . To call this a Travel Hairsetter is a joke . If you want to use this for normal everyday home use , should not be a problem . If you want this for travel -LRB- as advertised -RRB- , forget it .
 I bought this set to replace a set of jumbo rollers by BabyBliss . The case looks identical and the rollers are exactly the same . However , these rollers take about 10 minutes to fully heat and never really get hot enough . The plastic clips do n't hold my hair very well and are too bulky to pack in a suitcase . If I had it to do over again , I would n't purcahse these rollers .
 This product is terrible if you have long hair . There is a huge slat in the middle of the curler on the bottom side where the heating unit goes through that snags your hair . I almost had to cut part of my hair to remove the curler . I 've requested a refund . The 2 minute heating time is more like 10 minutes , as others have said . They 're lukewarm in 2 , but useless . They might work if you have shorter hair , but this is NOT for anyone with more than 4 or 5 inches of hair .
 I have thin , medium length hair . This product does not get hot enough hold curls , regardless of the amount of time I let it heat up . What a waste of money .
 I bought these rollers in June , and I have used them roughly two or three times a month since then . Today I put switched them on - and the rollers burned out , melting the surrounding plastic and singeing the lid . They were on for no more than 5 minutes . Three of the rollers were literally molten - and I have now chucked the set away . One of the reasons I used them so infrequently was that the curlers got so hot that I found it hard to handle them without burning myself . I am hoping these were just duds , because I have just bought the larger Conair jumbo roller set .
 This is terrible . I did n't like the out come at all . It does not heat up enough . Noting special . The roller is only 5 so i ordered more 5 roller . But the problem is it 's not good result .
 I was very disappointed in this product . The rollers do not get hot enough to firmly set your hair , the clips do not have anywhere to be placed so you must carry them separately and it is not as small a unit as their older product with 5 rollers & clips in a small case .
 So you can compare to your hair type to my review , I have long , thick , and soft hair with a slight wave that typically curls easily.First , it is hard to put these rollers in your hair . There is a slit in the roller where it straddles a metal bar to heat up . When you try to put a u-shaped clip in , it often gets stuck in the slit . I tried the clamps at 3 different angles and they kink my hair.Next , these do n't curl your hair well . I let them heat up longer , left them in longer , tried using hairspray while they were in , but nothing worked.The worst part is they do n't stay in your hair well once you finally get them in . I tried rolling up with less hair to make my hair curl better , but then the rollers just slide out of my hair . The last straw was when one of the rollers slid out of my hair and fell in the toilet at a hotel.Done with this set , and they went to the trash !! I hope to find some of the plastic kind in at least 1.5 '' size . I will take burning my fingers over the problems I had with this set .
 I followed the directions and it just does n't keep my hair curled . I have thicker hair but I tried only a small section and that did n't stay either . :-LRB- I would love to use hot rollers instead of a curling iron but they do n't ever seem to work !
 I have the full size version of these rollers , and I can tell you - they are FAR superior to these travel curlers . The box advertises instant heat , but in reality my curlers take about 5 - 10 minutes to heat up fully . -LRB- I have pretty thick hair , so this means I have to put all five curlers in my hair 2 times , thus having as much as 20 minutes heat up time to do my whole head ! -RRB- Even at full heat , these curlers do n't make the cut . They are barely warm -LRB- especially compared to my full size ones -RRB- so they barely curl my hair . After about 30 minutes , all curl is gone completely . I do n't know if I got a defective set , but these definitely were n't worth the money or the space savings . I should have tried them before I left for my trip , becaue they do n't work at all on my hair .
 I own the full size version of these rollers as well , and the travel size does not get even half as hot as the full size set , even if you let it heat up longer.However , there are n't any other travel size roller sets out there that provide jumbo size rollers , so if you do n't mind just getting a wave , rather than curl , then this is your best bet .
 I did not like the `` velvet '' covering on the roller . It does not get hot enough to produce any type of curl . Not very much volume produced either . Would not suggest or purchase again .
 I should have listened to the reviews . Clips too flimsy , ca n't keep the rollers in place and the rollers tend to overheat . I thought I could make 5 rollers work with my hair , I was wrong . I have thin hair so can not imagine how someone with thick hair could use this product . I am giving the product two stars only because i do not like the ` hate ' reference when you select 1 star .
 Did not receive the Hair Spray can as pictured with the multiple S + , which is the older version that I wanted . Apparently the formula has been changed -- it is junk now , does n't hold hair at all . Wasted money as ca n't be returned because it is flammable . Did receive in a timely manner .
 I agree with the above customer feedback . I was sent the wrong color -LRB- black and I am blonde -RRB- the company , PIR 's , error and they refused to let me return the product to get a refund to my credit card . The product looks greasy , is in a VERY small tube -LRB- 1.25 oz -RRB- and the total with shipping was 37.00 .
 This product 's price is too expensive for it 's worth , it 's too messy to use . Believe me , DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY on this one . If you want an alternative for this lousy product , you might as well use a non-fueled household BB-Q charcoal : -RRB-
 I was disappointed with this product . It was difficult and messy to apply . I decided to return it only to find out that their return policy only allows for damaged or defective merchandise . Buyer beware ! I 've since found another product that has a money-back guarantee and yet another that will ship you free samples . My advice is to keep looking .
 I do n't know if it 's because I have longer hair , but it was hard to get it on my scalp without getting all over my roots and the rest of my hair . It left my hair waxy and sticky . Also , the product never seemed to dry and I would get it all over my hands any time I touched my hair/head .
 Well i saw the video of couvre and i thought i found a solution of my baldness but its not happen when i use it my pillow covers are turn black my towel are turn black.peoples are also found out that use some kind of paint.I do n't find it useful for me .
 I ordered this product for my thinning hair . Well , I ordered light brown , and was eager to try it out . I applied it , and the first thing that came to mind was `` Halloween makeup '' . Seriously , this stuff smells bad , and looks like makeup . For those with bald spots , this might not be for you . For people with scars -LRB- small areas -RRB- , then , yes , this should work . Unfortunately , this is going in the bin marked , tried it , did n't work .
 This is not worth the money for blonde hair ... I ca n't say about the other colors , but the blonde is the color of make-up foundation . I want the scalp to match my hair , not my face .
 I was so impressed with the texture of this product and does n't show as wearing et all . But now after two month of using I am so disappointed.I never had any visible dark circle under eye but based on some suggestions as precaution measure started using this product twice everyday for 2months and now i have visible dark circles under eye.Stopped using it for the past oneweek and undereyes seem to be getting better .
 I applied this medication exactly as directed , you can feel it working almost immediately but when you wipe it off you find the skin below the callous is burnt away . Very ugly and very painful . I will not use this method ever again . It 's been two days and I 'm still changing the bloody dressings .
 Did not rub in well . Bio derm from heelaway.com is better choice . They also have other heel productsHeelaway.comSkip this product please
 This product was a complete waste of money . It did nothing for my hair except pull it . Also , it took more than 30 MINUTES to heat up and even then it was NOT hot at all . Plus , when I used it , there was an awful and strong smell . Do not buy this product even to try it out . You will be disappointed . Instead , buy the Remington Wet to Dry for only $ 24 bucks from Target . Now thats an amazing product . Much better than this piece of crap !! > : -LRB-
 I purchased the Shimmer powder as pictured and received the Shimmer Bloc which is made up of 4 different colors and is not what I wanted .
 Ladies.beleive me it is waste of money . . poor quality powder which dries your skin and there is no signs of shimmer either . I can not beleive how I did such a mistake , shame on me and mostly on Laura Mercier .
 When I took the dryer out of the box and plugged it in I could only get it to blow cold air . It would never heat up . I had to send the hair dryer back for a refund .
 If you 're looking to buy a cheap iron , do n't go THIS cheap.The spring is way too tight ... so it `` snaps '' pretty hard . Does n't heat overly well and just looks like cheap crap.Go for the Vidal Sassoon one a little bit more expensive .
 Waste of money ... the spring was so tight these irons pulled out my hair & after several tries of attempting to loosen , I could not ... &#34; another one bites the dust &#34; !
 I like the size of the curling iron but when I tried to use it , I turned it on high and let it sit . When I went to curl my hair , I could rest my fingers on the barrel for probably more than a minute . It does not get hot AT ALL .
 This curling is REALLY REALLY bad , i am sorry to say but it will be a TOTAL waste of money . The curling iron does not curl properly , you will have to leave the iron in your hair for a couple of mins , about 5-6 minutes in order to get a decent curl , if you remove the iron to quickly the curl will not set and use LOTS of hair spray because this iron does not heat up enough so you will need the extra help from the hair spray . Spend the extra 3 dollars and get a conair curling iron it works alot better and you get 3 irons instead of 1 .
 I have long wavy hair that curls almost instantly with a curling iron . This must not get hot enough because I think I would get better curl from winding a stick through my hair . I have even tried spraying my hair with hairspray before using and get little to no curl . Trust me , you will be disappointed . I have purchased plenty of inexpensive curling irons that work just fine . But this is not one of them .
 I bought this curling iron over a year ago and had to purchase a replacement . The overall look of the iron itself is like any other but it just does not heat up enough to curl your hair as any decent curling iron should . I had to purchase a replacement so it 's better to purchase a more top-of-the-line curling iron than settle for this one .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- . I 'm in my early 30 's and have a receding hairline . The whole concept of concealing is a great idea and that 's all it is . I spent over 30 minutes trying to perfect the right shade and was only able to cover 2 '' square . So imagine how much time you 'll be spending every morning . I have Jet Black hair but my scalps not black . I have all the patience in the world when it comes to concealing the bald spot but no matter how patient and meticulous you may be the bottom line is the paint does not match scalp and it 's TOTALLY obvious . My girlfriend used her waterproof eyeliner makeup & did a better job concealing . I honestly do n't know how this would work for anyone who has small or large bald spots . Forget about going out during the day and even at night , it 's very obvious . Better bet is to buy different shades of eyeliner pencils from your local pharmacy store and see whether concealing is for you . Hope my review can help someone save their time and money . Anyone who does n't believe me can buy my practically brand new black COUVRe .
 arrived in great packaging , earlier than expected.the cap is in rubber , really easy to open and close.nonetheless , the product presents a slightly bitter taste , it does not really prevents biting.and washing hands washes the bitterness away.quite disappointed , it is not really helping avoiding this bad habit .
 I bought this product because I assumed the name `` No Bite '' meant that it would be effective for nail biting . I 've applied it up to twice a day and it might as well be water . There 's almost no taste to it whatsoever and leaving soap on my nails would be more of a deterrant than this . I thought because I bought it in a beauty supply store and it was relatively expensive that it would be an effective nail biting deterrant but it was a complete waste of money .
 I bought this for my feet because they are so rough while it does it 's job it makes a nasty mess in your tub . .
 This product contians LYE ... so much for the benifits of olive oil . It leaves your skin feeling dry and itchy.Now I remember why I stopped buying things on the internet .
 This product contians LYE ... so much for the benifits of olive oil . It leaves your skin feeling dry and itchy.Now I remember why I stopped buying things on the internet .
 This soap is really just for people with skin problems because they need pure olive oil . I found the smell of this soap to be putridly offensive . It smells like old , musty clay . I have purchased pure olive oil soaps in both Greece and Italy , and they smelled quite pleasant . I purchased this soap online in an attempt to replicate the soaps I purchased abroad , and only after reading many reviews about similar soaps . I guess I picked the wrong one . Does anyone have any suggestions ?
 THIS WAS SUPPOSED TO BE ALCOHOL FREE HAIRSPRAY , BUT IT SMELLED LIKE ALCOHOL WAS IN IT . THE WORST PART WAS IT WAS VERY , VERY STICKY . IT RUINED MY STYLE THE DAY I USED IT . I WOULD AVOID THIS STUFF LIKE THE PLAGUE .
 This product left me a little puzzled . I 've purchased KMS HairStay from regular salons before -LRB- in smaller bottles -RRB- so I 'm familiar with how it performs , smells , etc. . Right out of the bottle , I noticed this stuff did n't smell like the gel I had used before . It had a much more ` pungent ' alcohol-like smell . After trying it a couple of times , I noticed it flaked a lot more as well which is odd , especially since the bottle specifically says , `` does n't flake . `` This all led me to believe that either I received a bad bottle OR the bottle had been emptied and refilled with a much cheaper gel . Just to make sure I was n't going crazy , I purchased another authentic bottle from a local salon to compare with . Sure enough , the performance was significantly better -LRB- and it did smell different -RRB- . I emailed Amazon and they refunded my money for the original purchase price.Buyer beware !!
 they 're selling the new KMS hair gel in the blue bottle . It 's not the old one in the white and pink bottle . beware when you order . the new KMS gel has less hold , more shine , and it stinks .
 The product that I received was not as pictured . Yes , I received KMS hair stay , but it was in a bluish bottle and it smells really weird . I do n't know if KMS changed their bottle style and messed with the fragrance , but if they did the new `` fragrance '' is terrible . I kept smelling this weird dog-food smell all day and finally figured out that it was the gel.I 've used KMS hair stay for years and its always been as pictured in this ad , so I know the product well .
 I used KMS hair gel for years and it was my favorite product . The recently changed the packaging to a new blue bottle . The gel has the same great hold but now it has a funky smell .
 ORDERED THIS ITEM INCORRECT ITEM SENT . PRODUCT RECEIVED TNS BODY LOTION . DIFFERENT PRODUCT DIFFERENT INGREDIENTS . SENT BACK RYAN FROM OCMEDSPA CALLED SAID THEY SENT CORRECT PRODUCT . THE COPY OF INGREDIENTS FROM THE ONE I HAVE I HAD SENT ALONG . HE SAID THIS WAS A OLDER FORM , AND THEY DID NOT HAVE IT . THEY WILL CREDIT ACCOUNT . AMAZON HAD INGREDIENTS LISTED AND THEY MATCHED WHAT I CURRENTLY HAVE . NICE LOTION IF YOU CAN GET IT
 My son loves this colgne and every year i get o line and order however this year it was so hard to find and so expensive . When i did order this it did not get here by christmas and it was so small i just laughed . If i had realized how small it was i would have never bought this
 The product was discolored , clumped , had an odor to it , and only had about 1/4 of the product in it . I did send it back and got my money back with no problem .
 Do NOT order from this company ! The SkinMedica Dermal Repair arrived in some weird `` shrink wrap '' not original box . The jar was not sealed . When I opened it the product was yellow and the smell horrible !!! More chemicals go awry smelling . Spend a few extra $ $ and order from their competition
 Our shipment was not received . Although we e-mailed the merchant several times , we never got a replacement or a credit for the skin medica items ordered . Several months later we are still trying to get the items resend or refunded
 Yeah , it covered it OK , however , it did n't stick to my scalp . After a half-an-hour , it did n't dry . So , when I put my hand on it , my hand was ` Couver 'd ' with it.The advertisement says that it immediately adheres to your scalp and existing hair and wo n't come off until you shampoo it off ... Bull ! My pillow case took two cycles to get clean after an evening of wearing the colored creamy stuff.Wear with caution ! : -LRB-
 It 's a good thing I decided to do a test run with this product one evening when I was not going anywhere . Washed and dried my hair , applied product to areas of scalp . Noticed smell of product right away , checked ingredients , of course `` fragrance '' was listed . Seemed kinda dumb , but I figured perhaps it was added to mask some less pleasant chemical ingredient odor . Problem was that an hour later -LRB- product was by then of course definitely completely dry -RRB- , the fragrance had not faded and was driving me nuts . I did not want to end up with my pillow or anything else smelling of the fragrance , so had to wash my hair again.As far as the product 's intended purpose , it did n't look so great , but I imagine its appearance might improve as one got more practice applying it.Due to the darn smell , though , I tossed the whole tube into the trash . What a waste .
 i used to buy this product and it 's much more thicker than the one I purchased here . I still have this product at home now , it 's just like a regular condition , not a deep conditioner .
 I was disappointed with the size of these puffs . I wanted a largerpowder puff than the one I purchased . The size was described as `` Medium `` bu I thought it should have been classified as `` Compact Small '' .
 I thought I was buying body sized powder puffs - 3 to 4 inches wide . What I got were small make up pads . At almost $ 3.00 each plus shipping they were definitely over priced.Ad needs to be more explicit
 I was excited for the smell , and that is the best thing about this hand soap . It is so very drying . We still have a bottle of Dial foaming handsoap and so the difference in just how drying method soap is is easily comparable . Also , the number of handwashes per bottle is half of the Dial ! That does not make this a good value , since the price per bottle is the same or more ! I wo n't be buying this brand again . Just 5 more bottles to go through ... sigh .
 This was good soap , not much different than any other . I might have bought it again , maybe not . Recently Method started using a video of a naked woman in a shower being degraded by soap bubbles to sell their products in general and unapologetically claiming that people who do n't like the ad just do n't get , I do n't know , that portraying the humiliation of a woman for laughs is a great way to sell cleaning products to women . So I 'm not going to buy any more Method . I 'm pretty happy with Planet brand cleaners for household cleaning and Dr. Bronners has never failed me yet .
 I received the `` white '' pillow a few days ago . It is completely discolored - mostly beige . It appears to have been sitting on a shelf for many years . It is only white in the area that the packaging covered . It did , however , adhere well to my whirlpool tub after a serious sanitization process -LRB- hot water , soap and bleach -RRB- . I should have spent a few more dollars for the better product .
 This pillow is okay for the first 2-3 months of use . It does n't slide much and is comfortable to lay against in a bath . After the 3 month mark , it starts to mold from the water getting stuck in the porous cover , even after squeezing it out after each bath . Unless you want to keep buying it over and over again , I would suggest another pillow . : /
 The pillow developed a leak/crack after a couple uses . This caused the pillow to fill with water . When it 's full of water it 's too heavy for the suction cups to secure to the tub easily . Also , it 's kind of icky to leave old water in the pillow , I can just imagine the bacteria and whatnot it 's harboring inside of it ...
 smells like cocoa , does not plump or last . Good color . that 's the only good thing about it . I am really disappointed
 I was hoping due to some of the reviews that this product would have been more effective . It did n't do a thing . I only used it twice and have n't used it again . I have used many plumpers and this one just is n't effective : - -LRB-
 I was surprised to see how highly rated Burberry is on Amazon . Received it as a gift and of course tried it on right away . I was displeased with the fragrance -- found it too heavy for my taste . Waited about 20 minutes and re-checked - it did not lighten very much and I still did not like it . In my opinion , it was too spicy , strong , and heavy.That being said , I do n't wear it often ; but surprisingly I get compliments nearly every time I wear it . I 've come to believe it 's just so strong people ca n't help but notice it ... it 's either that or my perennial allergies have distorted my sense of smell .
 My husband got me a box of this stuff for Christmas , and I tried it tonight . It was the most revolting , foul bath experience I 've ever had . Getting into the bath with this stuff felt like a thousand sizzling gobs of spit pulsating against me -- not the relaxing , hot bath gel as per the packaging instructions . I could stand it only for about five minutes and then had to go take a hot shower in another bathroom to get the goo off my skin . I now am waiting for the alleged 20 minutes to get the stuff out of my bathtub . You 're supposed to sprinkle a white packet of crystals -LRB- which is indeed table salt -RRB- and let it sit for 20 minutes . I read on one of many dissatisfied blogs about this product that , in reality , you must dump an additional large box of table salt to get rid of this mess so that it does n't clog your tub.I honestly ca n't believe the charlatans who invented this so-called product managed to hoodwink the U.S. Patent Office into giving them a patent . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I 'm looking for a safe and effective insect repellent for my children and am checking all that I can on the EWG rating for toxins . This Cactus Juice rates very high-it 's loaded with chemicals . Just wanted to post this for future possible buyers looking for a safe repellent .
 This product has two different types of parabans in it . Methlyparaban and polyparaban . For those of you who do n't care about parabans - great ! For those of you who look for ` paraban ' free on lotions - not so great . Also it does n't work ... at least for me in regards for mosquitoes which is why I wanted to try it , I was looking for a healthy alternative to Off . Oklahoma City , in town , out in my garden and I was getting eaten alive by mosquitoes . No standing water anywhere and near drought conditions ... how ? Only in Oklahoma ... sheesh . Anyway I had to once again pull out the Deep Woods Off that gives me a headache and spray myself all over with it . Better toxins than some nasty virus transmitted by a mosquito . Oh well the hunt goes on for a healthy alternative .
 This is the only product I have purchased thru Amazon that I felt was a complete rip-off . A `` tiny '' sponge for a lot of $ $ and instead of mailing it in a # 10 envelope for 44 cents they sent it for $ 1.99 ! I wrote to them and only got back that they were sorry for the inconvenience . How silly is that sentence?Buyer beware on this `` sponge '' and company .
 Ok this foundation that this person is selling for several dollars is available at your local dollar tree for a buck !! Thats where they bought it at
 The product you see is not what you get . I was very disappointed that the product I received was not what was shown on the web site . I have recently checked , only to find that it is still represented incorrectly . I would recommend not ordering from this supplier , since they do n't display correctly the product that you will be receiving .
 I really do n't know what to think of this foundation . The coverage is okay . But every time I wear this foundation it makes my skin look pink .
 I received this product opened and used which is not fair . In addition the color was a bit lighter thanI expected
 These were so gross I would n't even use them on myself they had a smell as it they had gone bad .
 I am a natural medium brown . I few months ago I went red -LRB- request by the husband -RRB- . I was n't very happy with how it looked on me and since then have tried to change it . Light Brown hair dye just made the red redder . When I saw this product and the reviews I was hopeful I would be able to remove the red from my hair . I first tried the conditioner recipe one customer wrote about that - it did n't work , actually increased the red tones in my hair . Next I tried as the product states to mix with the hair dye . It did reduce some of the red but it is n't working for me . My hair turned out kinda black/dark brown -LRB- when the hair dye was light brown -RRB- and has red hues too . Hopefully over time this red in my hair will go away.This product may have worked for some others , but it is not for everyone .
 This did absolutely nothing , brassy tones are not reduced at all . Cant really say any more about it than that .
 Absolutely no difference for me . I dyed my hair a few weeks ago and it turned out with lots of brassy tones . I have now used this 3 times ! 1 5min , 2 10min , 3 30min ! Nothing , nothing , nothing . I am so upset , and my hair is still brassy !!!
 Absolutely disgraceful to be selling this product for $ 99.00 . this product is being discontinued and your answer is to gouge the buying public . Not buying it now and will never purchase from your company ever . Disgusting business practice.One star is not for the product but for the company ripping people off at this price .
 I 've used this styling product for years and ordered two 2 oz . jars of it on Amazon.com . The product shipped from a company called , `` Biva Beauty '' . Both jars had some sort of gritty substance in them similar to a coarse sand . Totally dissatisfied with the product that was shipped .
 Be aware that the size is not as advertised . The jars are only 3-Ounce Jars , not 3.53-Ounce . I like the product , just not happy about the false product description .
 Okay , it SOUNDED like a good idea ... small , compact , travel-size , citrus fragrance . BUT IT FEELS SO GROSS when you put it on !! I do n't believe it ever `` dries '' . Plus , if you use it a lot , the `` bar '' is difficult to keep clean and catches dirt , lint , and god-knows what else . I have oily and problematic skin , and so I though `` oil-free '' meant I could put it on my face . WRONG . This is the WORST stuff to put on your face , it made me breakout and it took several days to clear it up . After that , I decided I 'd just use it on my legs/arms , but it felt so greasy and disgusting I ended up just throwing it away .
 I have skin cancer so complete coverage is important to me . I really like Neutrogena 's other suncreen lotions -LRB- especially the oil free 45 -RRB- but this product has shortcomings . It does not go on evenly and is clumpy . One time when I thought I had put it on evenly I was burned in stripes ! I do n't reccomend this product for those that need complete sunblock .
 I put in my son hair that is haf and haf , and i dont see any result , is the same ...
 Thymes no longer makes this product in a 17 oz version , yet the Amazon description shows this as 17 oz and the sellers selling this -LRB- I ordered from both -RRB- are selling the 8.25 oz . I 've contacted Amazon twice about this and they will not change the product description . Buyer beware , this is 8.25 oz product , not 17 oz.As for the soap , we love the scent , nice and light , but very refreshing and reminds us of Christmas . I give the soap itself 5 stars , but give Thymes , Amazon , and the sellers here 1 star for deception -LRB- not intentional deception , but still deception -RRB- .
 I did noT like this provider.I had ordered 2 17fl . oz . Bottles of this hand soap and they sent me 2 bottles of 8.25 fl . Oz.of soap.I would not recommend this seller because of their lack of ability to provide a correct description of the product they are selling .
 I received the headband with a broken light bulb . I was sent a replacement , and received a smashed bulb in a mutallated envelope . I sent the headband back to Winning Gifts on April 17 -LRB- cost $ 7.50 -RRB- for refund of purchase .
 I had been ordering Cottonelle with aloe , but suddenly Amazon stopped carrying it , and offered this instead . It is an extremely poor substitution . It is overly thick , and I do not find it soft at all . Back to the grocery store -LRB- and not the online one - too much delivery charge -RRB- .
 I got the 24 double rolls for $ 10 -LRB- on sale -RRB- from Target . This price is double .
 I ca n't review an item I never received . I got an email after I ordered the product that it was no longer available . Why I was n't told this BEFORE the order was placed , I do n't know .
 I like the Paul Smith Extreme for men ; however , this one was really disappointing . Smells more for women .
 Before buying this product I have checked with the seller `` Pretty Like Me '' on it 's availability for sale . After a few days the seller sends me a message saying that this product is out of stock.This is very sad .
 I used it on my face mixed with olive oil , one part castor oil and ten parts olive oil , for the Oil cleansing method -LRB- cleaning your face with oils and steamed wash cloth -RRB- . I did the Oil cleansing method for about two weeks with olive oil only and my skin felt great , the minute I used castor oil , I ended up having terrible rash on my face the next morning . I didint ' t blame the castor oil at first , I thought it was the Oil cleansing method , that my skin reacted in general to the oils I was using on it . After about two months fighting perioral dermatitis , having red , painfully itchy , flaky skin around my nose and on chin I found my cure -LRB- Oregano oil softgels , pinching them and applying on my face every morning and night for about a week -RRB- and kept any oils , lotions , creams away from my face , the only thing I would put on my face as a moisturizer was 99 % pure aloe vera gel , twice a day.So , after my face cleared up I decided to use the rest of that big bottle of castor oil on my hair , figured out that it 's fine since I 'm not using it on my face -LRB- again I was n't blaming the castor oil for causing perioral dermatitis -RRB- , I rubbed it in my hair and slept with it , I did n't see anything inusual the next morning so repeated in two days . After the second time I used it on my hair I woke up with red , tchy , flaky skin on my neck , shoulders and my scalp . My skin was painfully itchy for about a week . Then it hit me , it was the castor oil.Think twice before using it on your face or hair , at least do a skin test before .
 The bottle was poorly shipped and upon arrival the box was completely soaked in oil , making the bottle damaged and inaccessible . Very disappointed .
 I used this in conjunction with the shampoo . It does not restore moisture to your hair , so even oily hair will start to feel dried out if you use both the shampoo and conditioner long enough like I did . I did n't notice any thickening of my hair . Moving on to another product .
 Following my review on the Biotin Thickening Shampoo - I do not care for this product at all . The smell is very similar to lemon Pledge or Lysol . When I first opened the conditioner , it was really a really thick and creamy appearance , but the second I put it in my hair , it lost all of its integrity and seemingly barely covered my hair ! I usually start applying at my tips and slowly working my way up to about 4 '' away from my roots , but I was having such a hard time working it up that I had to reapply a couple times . What a waste of conditioner ! When I rinsed it out , my hair had a dry and straw-ish consistency . Not very pleased . I do notice that my hair has grown a bit faster this past month or two . I 'm unsure if that 's due to the Biotin supplements or the shampoo/conditioner . I just end up throwing a bunch of Dove brand leave-in conditioner because of the way this shamp/cond leaves my hair .
 This conditioner not only seems watered down but it really doesnt do much for my hair either . I have to use a trememdously large amount in order to get any type of actual conditioning feeling in my hair with this ... literally 1/4 -1 / 3 of a cup worth . This wouldnt be SO bad if i didnt have super fine and thin hair to begin with and its short so there should be no reason i should have to use this much conditioner . I have used many different organic types of shampoo/conditioner and never have had to use this much . I was really excited to get this conditioner but honestly it is not at all worth the money paid for it . Very dissappointed
 Be very careful about ordering this product . The formula has changed -LRB- per manufacturer -RRB- Note the `` new '' on label . First formula was heavenly -- the very best . This new formula is terrible ! And on top of that , you can hardly get it out of the bottle .
 I was hoping for a great organic conditioner that will help my hair to be healthy and look nice . This is not it . It is almost impossible to brush my hair after using this one -LRB- I have a straight hair , not curly and crazy -RRB- and it makes my hair greasy . Only plus-smells nice . Will not buy again .
 The conditioner was the better of the two , but I did n't care for this product . The scent does n't quite mix right to make a pleasant scent . It 's ok , I just think there are better products out there . My hair is mid length , natural curly and thick . I did n't think there was any advantage to my hair type as far as moisture or frizz free benefits go .
 I was very excited about trying the shampoo and conditioner for my thinning hair issue . My hair has been coming out a bit before this but I was completely surprised when using it the first time , SO MUCH of my hair came out in the shower & when I was coming it out afterward that I started crying !!! I skipped washing my hair for one day and then used it again just to see if I was imaginging it . Well I was n't because it happened again . I went to Ulta and purchased some Nioxin which I 've used before and washed my hair with it this morning . Only a little bit of my hair came out ... and by little bit , I mean more than the average person but WAY less than when I used the Biotin B-Complex . Im glad it works for some people and hope it works for you . I tried it due to all of the positive reviews and although I hardly ever review anything , I felt so strongly about my experience that I had to share it . I am sending this product back today ! Good Luck ~
 Something about this shampoo that although it smells good and refreshing , it makes my scalp itch . Could be just me . Would n't buy again .
 I washed and conditioned 1 a week but did n't see much difference . No thickening . May work for thinning but I have actual loss of hair .
 I bought the shampoo and figured I had to get the conditioner to go along with it . Nope . It barely did anything for my hair . It was like adding water to my hair . I even tried to mix it with another conditioner . Big mistake on that one . My hair felt like it was n't clean . Anyway , I would skip this .
 I BOUGHT THIS Avalon Organics
 I just finished my first bottle of this product . I am in my early 50s , my hair tends to be oily and I have an unacceptable amount of shedding which is the reason I chose this formula . The smell is great but the conditioner does n't moisturize very well even if you leave it on for 4-5 minutes . I eventually bought Aussie 3-minute Miracle to put on the ends and that did help me get through the bottle . I am reordering the matching shampoo but will look for something else for conditioning . I just wish there were a conditioner that had both Biotin and Saw Palmetto .
 I have fairly sensitive skin and can get quite itchy if I use a shampoo or soap that has certain chemicals in it . So I 've been on a quest to find soap , shampoo , and conditioner products that have fewer odd chemicals in this . My quest is challenging because I also donate my hair to charity every three years . So I need my hair to remain thick and healthy while I do this . Otherwise my charity donations will make recipients unhappy rather than happy.The Avalon Organics Lemon Conditioner seemed like it would be just right for me . My boyfriend loves the aroma of lemon , so that would be a plus . It would have fewer chemicals . It says it restores natural highlights and color . It removes build-up . All great!So I began trying it . First , the conditioner is very thick , and the container can not sit on its lid . This means one has to really pound it to get the conditioner out . This is bad enough when the bottle is beginning , but by the end of the bottle it makes getting any out quite challenging . It means the last part of the bottle is wasted.Next , the instructions say to massage it in `` from the roots up '' . Hmmm . I 'm not sure how that 's even technically possible unless one had an eyedropper . If I have a dollop of conditioner on my hand , and I put it on my head , it is going to touch the top of my hair first . I then have to massage it down * towards * the roots . I do n't see how I could get it to start at the roots and then work its way out.The conditioner seems to get absorbed nearly instantly . That then means there is n't any left to `` massage around '' and get to the rest of the hair . Over my time with the bottle I used larger and larger -LRB- bordering on , to me , outrageous -RRB- amounts of conditioner on my hair . My hair is currently only just-past-shoulders length , too . It 's not even at its full waist length point . I would put a giant dollop in my hand , start putting it on my hair , and it would vanish nearly instantly . It 's not that my hair is super-dry either . If anything I 'd call it slightly oily . So I never felt as if I was getting all my hair conditioned.When I was done , the hair would feel squeaky clean - which is a problem . When I then tried to comb or brush it , it would tangle . The hair was not detangling as most conditioners would do . It would catch on the brush or comb . So this meant more hair would pull out during the brushing process.All of this was odd enough . I 've tested many , many conditioners over the years and not had this combination of issues happen before . But then the clincher . I was out kayaking with my boyfriend recently , and he looked at my head and then took a picture of it . Apparently my hair is now turning white at a prodigious rate where I am putting most of the conditioner . I have dark hair . I do realize that many people with blonde hair use lemon juice to bleach their hair and make it lighter . I should have realized this would happen.Because I am a sucker for punishment I will try the rosemary version to see if it 's any better , and post a review there when I 'm done testing . But I can unequivocally say that this lemon is just not for me . I would not recommend it for anyone with dark hair , or with long hair . It probably would be best for someone with short , blonde hair who likes the scent of lemon.I purchased this conditioner with my own funds .
 Product dried out my hair . I was disappointed since this is organic . I expected it to be better . But , Pantene works better than this and does not dry my hair out . Smell was ok . It was not overwhelming , but it did not smell great either . It did make my hair look thicker , but dried out .
 I expect a conditioner to prevent my hair from drying out . This is the first time I 've used an organic conditioner . Although the texture is thick like a cream almost , it seems to disappear and have almost no affect when I apply and rinse it off . I then try to compensate by applying more and more , but the texture of my hair is almost the same as if I did n't even use conditioner . I 'm trying to be more self conscious about the cosmetic/hygiene products I use but this particular line has been a disappointment .
 Saw absolutely no difference using this product . Found out hair loss was due to iron deficency and not any topical issue .
 I would not buy this product again , not very conditioning . Leaves hair feeling dry and tangled . Does n't feel like a conditioner .
 I was given the shampoo , instead of the conditioner . It really sucked , as you can imagine how it is when you wash your hair without conditioner . . Otherwise the shampoo was pretty good .
 For conditioner , this did not do its main job very well
 I have thin fine hair and I am always searching for the `` miracle '' to a beautiful head of hair . This is not it . It may be organic and have less surfactants but , it 's the thinnest shampoo I 've ever used . Ca n't get it from bottle to hand to head without losing it down the drain . Stupid purchase . Oh well , next time .
 Tried and used a whole bottle . Smell did n't bother me - what did was the fact that it barely conditioned - my hair was always tangled after use . Switched to another organic brand with MUCH better results !
 This product did nothing for my hair , I have a hair loss problem and it didnt even help a slight bit . after using it made my hair dry and brittle , no moisture whatso ever .
 After using the conditioner it did not make my hair feel soft . It felt dry and damaged and was not easy to comb .
 Based on the reviews I read prior to my purchase , I expected my hair to feel fuller and thicker . It did not ... My hair felt stiff and brittle . I tried it a second time and this time I could see my hair breaking off in my hand ... the smell was great and that is about all . I am so disappointed in the purchase , price and end result of the product that I could shoot myself for such a waste ... Do n't count on it working for you . : -LRB- while the conditioner is thick , it does not offer a silky feeling to your hair . I found my hair hard to untangle and I spent a great deal of time delicately untangling my fine long hair to prevent further damage.I have gotten better results from generic conditioners like Suave than I could ever get from this product.What an incredible waste of money .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 I was thinking that an 8 oz jar of scrub seemed too good to be true for the price
 NEW IT WAS GOING TO BE A MINI BRUSH SET BUT I DIDNT EXPECT IT TO BE THAT MINI.ITS NOT WORTH THE PRICE .
 I love this product except when it is old . I received three very old jars of this product which are not useable
 On December I bought lipsticks from World Shoppers . I ordered # 16 Apricot Fantasy which is a very light pink/apricot color . I received a VERY DARK color -LRB- Chrome -RRB- . After I gave the company a bad review through Amazon , I received an email from World Shoppers telling me to contact them to resolve the situation . I emailed them as instructed and never received an answer back from them . I will NEVER use this company again !
 I gave this shampoo 2 stars because it does clean hair as advertised . I am very unhappy with the underlying medicinal-herbal scent . I do not believe this shampoo is worth the $ 18.00 price charged for it . Lather , Inc. .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 Well , I love the product and really wanted the starfruit scent and received the plain coconut one instead , Disappointment does n't describe my thoughts . It was a Christmas present.My absolute fav is the pineapple but was n't available . Good product - just not the plain coconut scent .
 Falls apart when used on a long haired dog . Bought it because of the self cleaning feature . Not only does it come apart for cleaning it come apart when you try to use it . I am sure it was never tested . Might work an a hairless puppy . My vote for worst product of the year .
 This has to be the worst pet grooming product ever . You will be better off with a pine cone on a stick . The brush is bulky , and its falsely advertised as silent - it emits a high pitched squeel that frightened both of my cats at first . It did n't work on my short haired cat because the bristles are spread too far apart . Then I tried my luck on a long haired cat , and at first the battery cover on the handle kept falling off , and 7 bristles broke off within minutes of using the brush !!! I 'm not quite sure the ` ionic ' feature works either . After brushing each cat for at least 5 minutes , I did n't notice any difference in cleanliness or texture of the cats ' furs .
 I purchased this product and used it on my Alaskan Malamute/Shephard Mix and it was utterly useless . Big waste of time and money . Do n't bother .
 I saw this thing at the store . I really regret spending that $ 10 for it.So I bought it , thinking `` Okay , let 's see what this can do . '' I used it on my two HEAVILY SHEDDING dogs , a Bernese Mountain Dog and a Pembroke Welsh Corgi . It could n't pick up much hair at all . And my dogs are scared of it , since it emits a noise that is barely audible because it 's so high pitched . The bristles are like , 2/3 of an inch apart so it can barely even brush a dog or a cat.In conclusion , do n't buy it , seriously . It 's funny how a shedding comb can work almost ten times better than a high-tech grooming brush .
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 I first bought this product in the body spray and was n't really pleased with it . I then noticed this however smelled very good . Almost like some kind of Lemon/Lime soda . It smelled so good I just had to buy it . Anyways the next morning I tried it out and it was nothing really special . I have to say Axe shower gels do NOT scrub good at like soap or other bodywashes , and this one is no exception . And even in the shower , especially after , there was pretty much no scent . It 's way too light . So overall , do n't buy this product . Save your money .
 i can not agree with any person who gives this over 1 star . The main problem I had with this product was that it was far too overpowering in the fragrance department . I swear , it was like bathing in GATORADE . And while I 'm sure that AXE was going for that whole electrolyte thing in all its glory , but the smell is far too fragrant . And if you think that it has even the slightest bit of an invigorating quality , think again . I was a lot happier with Snake Peel .
 I decided to switch from a salon brand to the damage therapy shampoo and conditioner from dove . -LRB- Previous shampoo was making my hair poof , ugh -RRB- . The first time I used it , I thought I found a keeper . My hair felt silky smooth and looked shiny . I guess it also made my hair a little limp . But for someone with thick , wavy hair that 's not a bad thing.My problem started a month and a half after using this . I could n't go a full day without my hair feeling grimy and super greasy looking . Yuck ! And I ca n't wash my hair everyday because it dries out my hair and scalp too much ... On day 2 , I 'm afraid to be seen in public lol . -LRB- My hairstylist said it 's from the wax they use in the conditioner to make your hair look shiny and not add volume . Although , I do n't see it listed as an ingredient . -RRB- Back to the drawing board :[ .
 I purchased this product for the treatment of arthritis in my hands and wrists . This particular paraffin bath has a very unpredictale temperature control . It gets too hot to use , and when turned down to the minimum heat setting , the wax films over and a dark color or particulate forms in the bottom of the tub . I am quite displeased with this one and am lokking for a better quality wax bath . Do n't waste your $ $ on this cheap one.Cheryl-IA
 The cotton swabs are tiny , think the size of a penny . I thought these would be larger - but I ca n't even use one of these to take off nail polish . I end up grabbing 4-5 and mush them together and use as one . What 's the point of buying a bulk bag if the actual cotton balls are so small you have to use handfuls at a time ? I suppose these might be ok to use for medical reasons -LRB- after a shot ? put under a bandaid -RRB- , but since they are &#34; non-sterile &#34; this is clearly not the intent . Would not recommend .
 I used to sell Mary Kay and some people love this stuff , swear by it , and well , honestly , I ca n't see what the fuss is all about . I only ordered it sparingly because I just could n't recommend someone buy something that I thought was overpriced and did n't work well . I think it is WAY overpriced for the small 3 ounce size , and the smell , yuck ! Kinda like an antiseptic . It does a fair job of moisturizing , sorta like using Vaseline lotion . You 'll be reapplying it time and time again if you have very dry skin like mine . For my buck and very sensitive skin , you ca n't beat Gold Bond 's hand lotion . It last forever and heals your hands almost overnight . This stuff , well again , get more for your money and something that works and grab the Gold Bond instead . At least you wo n't stink the rest of the day and your hands will feel much , much better !
 The product description never seems to mention that this hand cream would have what supposedly is a peach scent . I took the plastic wrapper off before I knew about the scent , or should I say odor , so I can not return this item since it is considered `` opened . '' I tried to give it to several friends who all said no thank you . The smell is so unpleasant that I have thrown it all away . Do not buy this scented product !
 I bought this lotion because I was looking for something to help my face not look oily . It lives up to that standard . It also says it will help problem skin , so I thought about a couple of reddish patches I have on my face and figured I 'd give it a chance . It also mentioned it had sunscreen properties . This is important to me.First , it took a little over two weeks for this product to arrive , with no explanation . I found this to be an excessive wait time for something that was in stock.When it finally came , I was eager to try it ! I put some on my hands and was instantly repelled by the heavily perfumed smell of the lotion-predominantly rose and ylang-ylang . This , I think should be better explained by the seller . I have sensitivities to perfumes-they induce migraines , so this is not a good match for me . But , now the lotion is open . How do I go about returning it ? They want it back without the seal broken ! Finally , it burns my eyes and makes them water . Maybe this is the sun protection element of the product bothering me . I do n't recommend this product unless you really love to small roses all day and are n't to sensitive to sunblock . I remain without a face lotion , at this time .
 This cream is not what I expected . I wanted something moisturizing , a little more so than a day lotion . I found this cream very light , so it felt nice putting on , but I find it also greasy . My face is greasy the next day -- even after washing my face in the morning and applying a different lotion .
 Returned this moisturizer . Smelled of alcohol , like a cheap cologne . I would not recommend this product if you are looking for something `` clean '' smelling . Do n't know if it 's a good moisturizer ...
 I never had any trouble with cosmetics before so I did n't expect Olay Definity UV Lotion to cause any ... -LRB- especially , after I read many excellent reviews on the product -RRB- However , I noticed tiny pimples after applying some and my face felt itchy . I wish I could give it away to someone who likes and uses w/o trouble since I only used a few drops and it 's sitting on my dressing table almost brand new ...
 Well since this was a product i was wanting to try , i bought it , Even thought it was a little overpriced.Well , nothing . I have pretty good skin , I have some black spots -LRB- acne scars , or sun spots -RRB- but as for pimples just every now and then . This did nothing for my skin . Just another moisturizer . I did n't see my face illuminate , or glow , or anything . I was so disapointed because i really wanted to like this product ... i really did ...
 I would not know , I never received this product . I was sent the wrong item .
 Why foam ? It 's kind of messy and smells a little sour . It definitely tingles on application for me which is uncomfortable . A little goes a long way . It seemed to sit on top of my skin without really sinking in . The package is wasteful on this and all the Definity products in terms of the huge hunk of plastic involved . It 's an okay moisturiser but it does not hold a candle to the correcting protective lotion in the same line . That one goes on nicer , is in a more familiar form of a lotion pump , does not sting and has sun protection . Gives all the same glucosamine benefits too.Skip this one and get the Definity correcting protective lotion .
 When I ordered this product the photo and description stated that it had SPF15 . The product that I received does not , making it of no use to me on most days . In addition to that the product has a tan color and stings when applied to the skin . This is a product that I have used for a few years , so I wonder if this particular product is old or was stored incorrectly .
 To start off I dont see any improvement in wrinkles , but the worst part is that if you rub your forehead it rubs off and flakes , nasty . It wasnt cheap either . The way it goes on is annoying too .
 I ordered this on the recommendation of a well known magazine . It 's definitely not for sensitive skin . My skin broke out and took a couple of weeks to clear up . Also , because it is a foam , it 's really hard to control the amount you want . I do n't know why anyone would make a foam moisturizer ... does n't make a lot of sense . I did n't find it all that moisturizing . Will never buy again .
 I used this product for 4 days the moisturizer was greasy on my face and I felt like my skin could not breathe , I did not see any difference in my skin due to my time using it but I broke out from it big time . I am very unimpressed with this product .
 My order is labeled made in China . With all the recent problems with products manufactured in China I am a bit leary about using them . I emailed the seller thru Amazon 3 days ago , asking if this a knock-off product , and they have not responded . That 's a good enough answer for me , I will return my order .
 Not really a fan of this product . I have used it for about a week now and have n't noticed any difference at all . It just seems kinda greasy and I noticed my eyeliner has been smearing ever since wearing it . Maybe I will just use this cream before bed and not during the day .
 I was very unhappy with product . All around the container it was dry lotion unable to use . I was disappointed.Michele
 I bought this bag as a gift for someone and when i received it , the initial look of the bag was great . The smell was great , smelled like real leather , and it looked nice . I then looked closer and noticed that there were parts of the leather that were scuffed or imperfections -LRB- 3 scuff marks in all -RRB- , it made the bag look used.Because it was a gift , there was no way i could give it like that and i had no time to get a replacement , so i returned it and got a refund . It was a disappointing thing because i was planning on this being the gfit and that was that . Instead i had to figure something else out.Saying this , i would attempt to buy from this seller again , because it just could be that i got a random `` bad one '' , seeing as all other reviewers gave it great reviews . I also got refunded with postage , no problems .
 Waste of money - not the Vanderbilt light spray cologne/body mist I desired . Very disappointed . What happened to the ` good stuff ' ??
 THIS AI N'T WAHT I USED TO USE !!!!!! I REMEMBER A NICE LONG LASTING BEAUTIFUL SCENT . THIS IS PURE WATER . DO N'T SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS OR YOU WILL BE SADLY DISAPPOINTED ON THIS PURCHASE . I WAS SHOCKED HOW BAD PERFUME IS GETTING TO BE NOW , I WOULD RATHER WARE NOTHING THAN SPEND MY HARD EARNED DOLLAR ON SOMETHING THAT IS PURE GARBAGE !
 I ordered perfume . I got a leaky bottle of spray that smells nothing like it . Very disappointed . Had to purchase a real bottle and throw this junk out . Total waste of my money .
 I bought 4 bottles of this product . On receipt , we found three of four bottles were defective . BEWARE!DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT ! THE SPRAY NOZZLES ARE DEFECTIVE !!!
 This was puchased from an independent contractor . The shipping was supposed to be free . Amazon informed me that the product was not available and that my credit card was not charged . Several days later I received an email saying that my item had been shipped . When I checked my credit card bill I was charged $ 27.00 to ship a $ 9.99 item that was supposed to ship free . My direct Amazon experience has been great but this was a rip-off .
 I bought this perfume as a gift for someone in their late forties , and it smelled terrible to them and myself . I thought this perfume would be really good for a mature gift for a woman , but I had no idea it should have been for an older woman in her sixties . I saw all of the good feedback , but in the end it was a major disappointment for a Christmas gift .
 I used Aqua Di Gio for years but it began to be too sweet for me . Looking for something more masculine but not overpowering I took a chance on this , going by the description and the reviews , because I could n't find it locally . Unfortunately I do n't care for this cologne . To me it is a sweet , thick , syrupy smell and it does n't last long -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- . I tried it a few days hoping I 'd change my mind but it always reminds me of an old ladies perfume . I have enjoyed Kenneth Cole 's Black and will stick with it until I find something better . Let me interject one possible disclaimer
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 Bottom line the term `` lighted '' is a joke . Do not waste your money on this product . You are paying way more for a mirror that does not deliver appropriate light and the mirror part is much smaller . For about $ 30 you can get the same effect -LRB- no light -RRB- but with a larger mirror surface.To make a complicated story simple , the light is really useless . With the other lights out in the bathroom the light is so dim that I could discern no color in my face . It was all shades of gray , as one sees in early dawn or after dusk . To use it to see the back of my head as I looked in my lighted vanity , there was no discernable addition of light to the reflection than when the mirror light was off .
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 Product was smaller than the size indicated by Tuccini , and when I registered a complaint , the Tuccini customer service representative inappropriately requested that I remove my negative review from Amazon , rather than addressing the issue at hand .
 The title says its Burberry for Women -- but my wife handed back to me Christmas morning with a smirk - Thanks Amazon ... J
 I wanted to really like this product , but it 's much too greasy ... could never wash it off clean ! Note that this product does not lather , more like rubbing lotion into your face . Wiping my face on the towel afterwards , left a greasy and `` dirty '' residue from the make up left on my skin . Unfortunately , I ca n't give this product a very good rating .
 Who writes a review about a dispenser ? I do . Because our experience with them in a medical office has been just THAT bad . We have purchased about 6 of these dispensers and we never know if it will actually work when we receive it . I am definitely going to be looking for a different type of dispenser because these are so badly made .
 The operation of the dispenser depends on a check valve consisting of a small plastic bead that drops back to prevent alcohol from running back into the bottle . The bead is not heavy enough to work reliably .
 Did n't even work the first time I used it . Wanted to send it back but it would n't be worth it . Going to try to find something similar locally .
 No matter how much pumping we do it does not dispense any alcohol . We were very disappointed in this product .
 Best advice : `` do n't buy ! '' Product is lousy ! Does n't work as it is supposed too.Liquid Push Down Alcohol Dispenser Labeled
 Not as strong a scent as what I bought in Paris . It fades upon contact .
 Was not very happy with this lotion , I am a big fan of Australian Gold but not sure what is up with this after tanning lotion . It seemed my tan did not stay as long as it did when I was using a different lotion .
 I read all of the reviews and it seemed like people either loved or hated the scent . So , I took a chance on it and it smells horrible !! It reminds me of a really cheap smelling tanning lotion . But , I thought I would give it a try because sometimes it smells different on ... kind of like perfume ... but no , even on it smelled horrible ! I wish I could return it because it was a waste of money . I do n't even think it was a great moisturizer either . Total loss all the way around .
 For the price , I had hoped that this product would be something special . I found that it 's no more moisturizing than products you buy at the drugstore . I wo n't buy this again . Besides , like the tanning accelerator , the scent is obnoxious .
 Actually I did not get until today this item Australian Gold Moisture Lock Tan Extender 16 oz . Pump.Mas Accelerator and perfume have reached a little while . I wonder why ?? the lotion was not purchased on the same day .
 I love Australian Gold products ! All of the sun tan lotions , gels , and oils I 've purchased over the past few years since trying it out on vacation at the Cape . I had never used the Australian Gold Mositure Lock Tan Extender before since I never got a sunburn ! My tan always lasted past the summer since this is an unbelievably great product ! You just have to keep applying it , but I never burn ! I always used the 15 SPF at the beginning of the summer , but go down to 4 SPF by August ! Now that I 'm getting older , I decided to purchase the Moisture Lock Extender , but I bought the one with Bronzer which cost about another $ 2.00 a 16 oz bottle . I 've just read all the testimonials on how great it smells ... the 2 bottles I bought last August smelled horrible ! It was a tan/cream color , but the scent was nothing like the great orangy summer scent I 'm used to from all of the other Australian Gold products I 've purchased . Can a moisterizer go bad ??? I still have the 2 bottles unused but now it 's too late to return to manufacturer , Cosmetic Solutions . Should I trust that the Australian Gold Moisture Lock Tan Extender WITHOUT Bronzer will be the what I 've expected from Austrial Gold ?
 If I would have saved the box and would n't be so costly to send it back I would have . What a joke about the cord would n't curl up . Way too much cord . Plus looks like my Mom fishing line when she used to go fishing . Going out to purchase a new one before my vacation . My other curling iron the switch keeps having a hard time making it go on . Not at all happy with this product Would tell any one to purchase this product .
 LISTEN PEOPLE TO SAVE YOR SELF SOME MONEY GO AND PICK UP THE CONAIR HAIR STRAIGHTENER IT HAS 25 HEAT SETTING AND WORKS LIKE U WOULD NOT BELIEVE . . IT WORKS JUST LIKE OR OR MAYBE BETTER THAN THE MAXIGLIDE AND ONLY COST 15 AT WALMART !! I GOT A CONAIR AND I HAVE THE CARZIEST HAIR AND IT SMOOTH AWAY ALL THE FRIZZ AND EVERYTHING . . PUT IT THIS WAY ITS MAXIGLIDE JUST BOUT 70 DOLLARS CHEAPER !!!!!
 Hair type
 I purchased a Maxius Maxiglide MX-597 in January of this year and I ca n't say that I can recommend this product . Not because it did n't straighten my hair . In fact , it did an execellent job at straightening my hair . And I 'm African American so that 's saying alot . However , the long term consequences of using this iron is not worth it because it did take a lot of my hair out . The instructional DVD tells you not to squeeze the iron and to `` let the MaxiGlide do the work '' . I followed those directions and did n't squeeze the iron , but the ceramic detangling pins still took too much of my hair out . I even brushed and combed all the kinks out of my hair before using the iron , but my hair still kept getting caught in the detangling pins . After using the iron once , I thought that it would be in my best interest to discontinue using it . Yes , my hair was bone straight , but at what cost ? After six months of using the Maxiglide I probably would n't have any hair left to straighten .
 I thought this product would be excellent , because of all the good reviews . I followed the directions . It did n't straighten my hair . It pulled my hair . waste of money .
 Like many others , I have seen the infomercials for this product and finally decided to give it a try . I have been using hair straighteners for years , but liked the idea of a product that was not so hot -LRB- therefore , not so damaging -RRB- , plus the steam option . My first reaction upon trying Maxi Glide was that it pulled at my hair too much . I tried not squeezing the plates when closing it , but it still pulled at my hair . I also did n't like how heavy it was . I purchased this from Bed Bath & Beyond and returned it yesterday . I was disappointed that for this price the product was not a lot better , it seems as though it should range in the $ 20-30 range .
 i dont personally own this item but my mom does andwhen i asked to use hers it didnt even work first of all and second it snagged my hair very badly
 After reading several reviews online as well as on here saying it takes out black hair , I bought this . However do NOT buy this if you have black hair and want to bleach it out because it does not work ! It gets most of it out sure but not all . I had to buy black hair dye to fix it . Very disappointed with this product !
 This was a blind buy for me -LRB- never do that with perfumes/cologne -RRB- The scent actually is n't bad , but one little spray and you 'll still be smelling it after your next shower.It 's so strong that after a couple hours I get a bit nauseous.If you 're taking a trip & ca n't bring cologne with you , just squirt this stuff about 3 times before the trip and it should last all week .
 I purchased this item thinking I was getting a case of four 2000 ml units , as is typical for this product . Wrong
 Do not purchase . It breaks after 6 months and the company does not honor its warranty .
 This would be a great iron if the clamp that clutches your hair was tighter and also seemTo heat up only to 210 , not enough for coarse hair ,
 There are so many little engineering flaws with this curling iron ... does n't hold your hair because it does n't close due to some alignment issue , button in a weird place so you are always hitting it and shutting it off , weird gap between barrel and base that your hair gets tangled in ... etc etc I expected this to be awesome based on previous FHI flat iron but was very disappointed .
 I 'm a Dr. Hauschka junkie ... I own the cleansing cream and milk , the toner , the rejuvenating mask , the rose day cream and I love it all !!! So , naturally , I decided to try out this rhythmic night conditioner , despite how expensive it was . Not only is it a hassle to use with the little plastic capsules where you twist off the top and pour the liquid into your hand , but I did n't notice any difference in my skin at all . I might as well just have been putting good-smelling droplets of water on my skin . What a waste of money , time and energy . Use the money to buy yourself something better instead .
 I 'm a male with short hair and i style my hair by spiking it up . I used a generous amount of gel and at first it looks fine until it dries out . Maybe in an hour or so it looks like you have dandruff all over your hair because the gel has dried and turned flaky . I tried using less gel , but I still have the same results . Maybe it works for others , but it 's unusable for me .
 I have very wavy hair/loose spiral curls in my hair and I am always on the lookout for products that do n't weigh down my hair but at the same time define the curls a bit better . Therefore I had high hopes for this curl activator spray.I was to be disappointed , however . I found that it just sat on top of the hair and left it far too greasy . I also detested the smell - to me it smelled like rotten eggs . Not surprising , given that one of the ingredients happens to be Egg Protein Oil.Perhaps the product would be better suited to more coarse and dry hair types -LRB- or hair that is protein-starved -RRB- , but I do not recommend this product for persons of my hair type - very wavy to loose curls with hair that is medium in thickness , and not really too dry.What bothered me more than the oiliness of the product - I could have just used less - was the smell which kept me even from reusing the bottle .
 I found that when a label says `` sparkling '' that that is not always what the product it ! There is no sparkle in this spray .
 My daughter needs a curl activator with minimal smell . We bought this according to some other reviews stating that the strong smell fades quickly when it dries . It did not . And we ca n't return it because she waited a little too long to try it , so we 're stuck with this stinky stuff ! I 'm terribly disappointed with this product and the seller 's return policy .
 I bought this product after reading these reviews and the reviews on the Aubrey website . A lot of people on both websites talk about the smell . I did n't think it smelled bad at all and definitely NOT like eggs ! I applied the product to my wet hair and was excited to see that it looked really curly . -LRB- I have long , fine , wavy/loose curls -RRB- As my hair dried , however , it seemed to have a sticky coating on it that actually ended up weighing it down making it straighter . I think this product would be good for people with thick hair but was too heavy for my fine thin hair . I 'm not giving up on the product because I LOVE Aubrey Organics , especially the primrose and lavender shampoo and their baby shampoo is awesome for the little ones . I will keep trying new combos with this product , maybe using just a tiny bit and mixing it with some very light leave in conditioner . Just wanted to let all you fine heads out there know that this may not be the best product for you !
 I bought this hair gel for my husband and sons , I used it on both my boys so far , and it looks ok at first , but later on when the gel has completely dried , it leaves white particles all over the hair . I had to brush off the dried bits of gel with a hair brush to get rid of the mess . It does n't hold the style either . I do n't recommend this product at all ... it 's a waste of money . Very disappointed .
 I really wanted to like this , but it smells like a wet dog . I do n't want to smell like perfume , but it 's hard to get beyond this odor . I have a bit of wave to my hair and I suppose it helps . It does add softness - I can see how it would help soften really curly hair .
 This product is ok . It has a nice , light musk smell and I have only used it several times , not used it up , so not sure yet whether I will `` see a difference '' from using the product . It is refreshing using it from the fridge , but I much prefer Better Botanicals line or Juice Beauty Harmonic Tonic ... and the shipping was nearly as much as the product , which i was totally unaware of or I would not have made the purchase . I live next door to a Whole Foods and they sell it there .
 Perhaps my hair type is n't the ideal type for this particular hair product - it left it a bit crunchy , and had an overwelming egg scent . The first day I used it , the entire morning I was having a craving for omelettes because of the smell - and after a few hours the egg scent got to be too much . I was stuck at work and wanted to just go home and wash it off.This is probably the only Aubrey 's Organics product that I have n't thoroughly liked so far .
 This stuff smells horrible and just resonates of a cheap crappy product . Flaky , not much styling hold . That 's the only way I can explain it . Seller was great , product is terrible ... might as well buy some generic product from your local CVS .
 I 've loved the Niki fragrance for over 25 years and have had a hard time finding it as we live in a small town . Consequently , I have been without it for years . I was thrilled to come across it on Amazon and immediately placed an order . -LRB- It was my birthday gift to myself . -RRB- I was totally unprepared to find that the cologne I received was bad -- as in rancid , past its prime , and not useable . I contacted Amazon and learned too late that by policy , frangrances are not returnable . Amazon kindly offered to give me a $ 10 credit , but I am still out money . It is a no-win situation for me and for Amazon -LRB- they did n't really cause the problem -RRB- . In the future , I will be very aware of return policies and leary of buying fragrance online . Caveat Emptor my friends .
 This shampoo does not work for me at all . I used as instructed and even expected the worse -LRB- which it did says up to 6 months to see results -RRB- . I do n't see any results after 6 months , so keep trying to give it a 12 months -LRB- 1 year -RRB- . Not only I did not see any results , my hair is slowly thinning out instead . I am beginning to wonder if this shampoo is actually for thinning out your hair instead of helping to regrow them . All I know is I am done with this product , wasted my money for something that actually made it worse for me . This is the 1st time I ever review a product at Amazon , only reason I write it is because is so ineffective that I have to put it out there to let others know it is not worth your money .
 uy the perfume L'eau Par Kenzo by Kenzo for women . Eau De Parfum Spray 1.7 Onzasmi question is that I canceled the purchase of perfume if she is stock expect prompt response thanks
 The one that I received looks totally different from the one in the photo . It has been such a waste of money . I think the cooking oil from the grocery store works better than this one . I am sure this is not an argan oil . I am very very disappointed .
 This product lasted me two months . However , I did n't notice any changes in my hair . My hair length was still the same . I guess it does n't work for everyone .
 I ordered this product to give it a try , even there 's a lot of bad reviews on the website . I did n't care because I know some people will exaggerate on the bad reviews . All products will works depends on the health conditions , food and other stuff . All I can say I tried for 1 months and I could n't use it anymore . Hair loss was too much , price was little expensive ... The only reason Im giving 2 stars it was because the CLEAN smell , no more than that , but like I said it did n't work for me , maybe , other people will said IT WORKS .
 I bought this and used it every . single.day . It smells funny and I think it gave me more split ends than I had before , so I doubt it made my hair grow . Keep shopping , ladies .
 I did a lot of research on this product and heard how it was drying to some people 's hair , but everyone is different . For me , it was a disaster . I generally wear my hair in flat twists . When I recieved the products I took my hair down for shampooing and conditioning . I only shampooed my hair twice , but I had to condition it twice , and deep condition it three times and my hair was still matted , and dry ... so I had to let it dry like that ... and start taking the tangles out ... it took me SIX hours ... I was so tired , and I still had to finish styling my hair . I will never , never use this product again . I brought it because of a upcoming wedding , but I will have to use other alternatives . Anyone who has coily , curly hair , I would not recommend purchasing this product , because my hair is naturally coily , and it was a mess to detangle .
 i recieved this product over a month ago , and my hair has not grown any faster then before , i have already used a whole bottle of both the shampoo and conditioner , no results !!
 I bought this and after the first use I decided not to use it . I have natural curly hair and I relax it because I just prefer straight hair all the time . As soon as I wash the shampoo out of my hair , my hair was ridiculously stiff . I tried to put more shampoo thinking it would help loosen it up and still did n't work . I ended up just using my herbal essence conditioner to loosen it up . Terrible . Do not recommend .
 I am almost done using this product . My hair grew pretty well fast . However , the shampoo and conditioner dried out my hair and it gave me ALOT of split ends . . i never had sooo much split ends in my life ... UGHHH
 Drys out hair and doesnt help in the least to make it grow . Smells bad too . Dont waste your money on this product . Try One n ' only cleansing conditioner instead . Its like Wen , but cheaper . As in like , $ 12 .
 There is nothing special about this product it is just regular shampoo and it made my scalp dry my hair did n't even grow
 To start off with I am white with coarse wavy hair BSL length . After using this shampoo/condtioner for one month it made me break out along my hairline and caused my ahir to become very brittle and poofy-my hair barely grew half an inch . The only reason it gets two stars is because of the smell ; other than that I would not recommend this to a friend and will not be purchasing this product again .
 I have never suffered from having a dry or irritated scalp and this shampoo/conditioner set did that to me insantly . I 've used drugstore brands and salon brands and never had that problem . I do n't know if this shampoo/conditioner set actually makes your hair grow fast because I will not continue to use it to find out . Healthy hair will grow faster than using this product which dries out your hair A LOT and your scalp as well.I do not recommend . FYI
 What a ripoff ! I bought 4 things of this shampoon/conditioner and have used it for over a month and have noticied not a single difference in length in my hair ! I 'm going to the hairdresser in a few days to get my hair cut evenly then leaving it alone for good to let nature do its ' thing and in a few years I 'll have long , lucious hair like I used to have . Everyone , dont be fooled by this product . It does absoultly N.O.T.H.I.N.G to help your hair growth ! Beyond angry - Yes , I 'll contuine using the rest of the shampoon/conditioner that I already bought , but will I contuine buying from this company ? No . Never again !
 I wish I would have read the negative reviews before trying this product . Yes it has made my hair grow faster , I can tell by my roots . HOWEVER , its not worth the negatives . I noticed that my hair was coming out in large amounts in the shower . I first assume it was because I hadnt brushed my hair so it had built up , but after several times of large amounts of hair loss I 'm worried that this will not grow back . I wish I never tried this product because I 'm scared to lose my hair !!!
 Not only did this combo not do anything to increase my rate of hair growth , but even as just a regular shampoo and conditioner , I did n't like how they made my hair feel or smell . After using these products , my hair felt waxy , and the stuff smelled like Nair -LRB- how ironic -RRB- . Do n't waste your money , I 'm embarrassed that I fell for this .
 I was hoping to speed the growth of my hair . I wish now that I would have left nature alone . This product made my hair so dry , thin , and lots of breakage . I have to get my hair cut super short ! I 'm so sad and mad about it all . I so wish I would have known this would happen .
 Save your self and YOUR MONEY !! Any shampoo that list SLS in its ingredients is BAD . Any shampoo that includes SLS will KILL your hair !! Please , do not USE this product !! This product will break and damage your hair with continued use . SLS is not good for any hair type . Say NO to SLS !
 when i first started using this stuff i liked it and i think it probably was helping my hair grow a little but when i would use it i noticed way to much of my hair coming out too . i ignored this because i just wanted to see growth but i washed my hair today and looked around my edges and noticed they were thinning . so this stuff will probably help hair growth but get ready to shed and lose your edges and some of your hair . this product also has some bad ingrediets , i suggest you look them up.i also heard some of these ingrediets can cause cancer .
 Title says it all , but to explain it breifly ; its cheap shampoo that was put in a bottle that claims to help you grow or keep hair that you have . I have tryed other products that have simaler claims that retail for more , its worth the extra expence because this stuff will dry your scalp , give you dangruff , make you pull your hair out ! arnt they saposed to text this stuff on animals first !
 I WORK IN A CANCER CLINIC . I bought this set to help grow out my hair and hoped to make it thicker for a wedding 6 months down the road . I should have known better . Now that I have researched and read , the ingrediants in this product are dangerous . Read for yourself ! '' Warning
 I purchased this product about three months ago and I did n't notice anything different about my hair . I was really hoping to see maybe a quarter of an inch or half an inch of growth , atleast just to say , it worked , but no , very disappointed . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I do n't know what I was thinking , thinking there was a product that would make your hair grow faster . I do n't know if you have to use a product like this for a certain amount of time before noticing a result but I used for 2 months and noticed nothing . Maybe it 's just me and my hair grows slower then most , but I was looking forward to this product but i did n't get the results . -RRB- :
 Did n't really work but it smells kinda good?I do n't know maybe its just my hair.I 'm Vietnamese with wavy thick hair so yeah .
 For the price - I expected a pretty decent combo ! Totally disappointed . The shampoo made my hair incredibly tangled . It felt nasty after rinsing . Also , I noticed A TON of hair loss with this product . Literally 4-5 times more than usual . People may say , `` Oh you 're loosing hair because you are getting new growth '' -- yeah , no thanks ! I do n't want all my long hair clumping out for a few new short strands . Overall - never again . I did n't even finish the bottles . Waste!Namaste
 I recently transitioned from permed to &#34; natural hair . And being a woman of color I wanted to find products to maximize my natural hair growth . Seeing the online reviews for FAST , I decided to give it a try . I hate that I wasted my money . The product did ship on time , however , You must wash your hair with this product every day :-LRB- Then on top of that , the shampoo dried my hair out and made it feel hard and brittle . The conditioner made it a little softer , but it basically matted my hair and made it very tangled and difficult to manage . I had high hopes but was let down ... . the only positive thing is that it has a pretty nice smell ... lol I didnt even get through half the bottle !!!!
 its just an ordinary shampoo and coditioner and doesnt help the hair grow any faster.you can go buy any shapoo and get same results-nothing .
 It is not worth it buying it at all I bought this shampoo and I thought using it it will really grow my hair no it 's just a regular simple shampoo and what it did is that every time I would shower I will loose alot of hair so down but it I recommend the coconut shampoo is like 7 bucks at Walmart or the horse shampoo that one does help
 It 's an alright shampoo and conditioner set . But I 've been using it for months , and have seen no faster hair growth.If anything , my hair has actually been growing slower.I have heard this works for some people , I 'm not sure why or why not.But if it does not help grow my hair , then I 'd much rather use a different shampoo set.Best of luck !
 Both Shampoo and Conditioner did the unthinkable to my hair
 I was really excited to try this product , after many years of looking for things to help with my hair growth . I first bought it because all of the wonderful reviews , i went through two bottles thinking that it needed more time and to be honest i feel like my hair hasnt grown at all , if anything I feel like I 'm losing some hair now that im on my second bottle . This product doesnt work for everyone I guess . Good luck people .
 Did n't do anything for me , I bought shampoo and conditioner and zero result , I color my hair so I can really see how fast the roots are growing - it is growing at the same speed as usual . Well I should ve listened to my hairdresser - he told me that all those products are total bs and waste of money . He was right
 After a bleaching mishap , I lost quite a bit of hair that broke off about 1 '' from my roots so needless to say I was in dire need of fast growth . I had already been taking biotin before this so I continued to do that and used this shampoo and conditioner every time I washed my hair for a full month . Being that I dye my hair , it is easy to see the growth line at the root . I do n't even think my hair grew the 1/2 '' that is `` average '' to most people . Looks to me more like 1/4 '' based on the line I see . Very disappointed . The shampoo and conditioner are ok and I will continue to use it up but I ca n't say it helped with hair growth in any way . For the price , I 'd prefer to use other brands . I see it works for some . I guess I will keep taking my biotin and hoping for the best .
 used the shampoo and conditioner for about a month . made hair grow , but made it thinner , break easily , and fall out like crazy . i dye my hair blonde and after using it one day i ran my hand through my hair and squeezed out water and the water was yellow .
 this hair product has a bad smell to it and it also does not work ! it dryed out my hair ! i will never use it again ! i really think that whats in the bottle is not whats on the label ! it made my hair worse not better like i thought it would ! i think this is a fake hair product !
 Unless you 're okay with losing your hair , DO N'T buy this product ! How ironic ... this shampoo is marketed to speed up hair GROWTH but I 've only noticed hair LOSS since using it . I used the shampoo and conditioner almost daily for about a month . At first , I noticed that my hair was getting dry from using it but it was n't so much so that I was uncomfortable with it . However , by the end of the month my hair was dry and brittle with not anything to speak of in the way of accelerated growth so I stopped using it . It 's been 2 MONTHS since I 've used this product and during that time my hair has become extremely dry -LRB- like straw -RRB- and is THINNING and FALLING OUT !! I 've always had thick , full hair and now my hairline is receding along the corners on each side of my forehead and temples and my hair in general is THINNING . My hair is looking thin and straggly and I find hairs on my desk at work ... full length hairs with the follicle attached -LRB- STILL ... 2 MONTHS after I stopped using it . -RRB- WTH is this stuff ?? Battery acid ?? I gave it 1 star only because its necessary to give a star rating to post a review .
 Sigh . Unfortunately , in the midst of DYING to find a way to get my hair to grow longer faster , I found this product and ignored all of the bad reviews and stuck to the good ones . Now I find myself writing my own negative review.My main issue with this product is that it made me LOSE more hair than grow hair . I do n't really shed all that much -- NEVER in the shower -- and from the first use , I was picking out tons of hair from the drain every time I showered . I tried to ignore it because , after the first wash , my hair felt SO GOOD . I wanted to touch it constantly ! I could n't believe it felt this good and I ignored the hair , figuring it was just because it had n't been brushed or something , but it has happened consistently . I washed it tonight and got so freaked out by the amount of hair I lost in the shower that I immediately submitted a return request to the person I purchased it from . I just did not want ANY more unnecessary hair loss . I have naturally thick , healthy hair and I do not want that compromised . Not only this , but my hair felt drier and duller than ever after the 2nd wash . I was really fooled ... but now I 'm just going to stick to taking my vitamins .
 So I purchased this because so many reviews were giving it 5 stars . Unfortunately I did n't read most of the reviews and little was actually said about hair growth . People were giving it 5 stars based on the fact their hair was so much silkier , and healthy . This product markets the fact that it makes your hair grow , and so I am basing my review on that claim with 1 star , because it does not.Almost any new shampoo/conditioner you buy is going to make your hair feel good , -LRB- unless it 's really cheap stuff -RRB- because it always happens when you switch products . Also a clarifying shampoo will do this as well , removing residue from the last product .
 I am not claiming that this product did not work or does not work for some , but after two months of consistent use -LRB- I did not use any other hair shampoos or conditioners -RRB- I did not see any change in my hair growth that I would attribute to this product . Unfortunately I think that when it comes to accelerated hair growth , it just has to happen to old fashion way - a lot of time and maybe some vitamins . If you choose to use this product any way , the smell is somewhat pleasant but it may leave your hair a bit dry at times .
 I have n't seen much of a difference in hair growth . . I had better luck with mane n tail . It smells good though !
 They look sharp and reasonably well made , but due to the size and shape of the finger holes it is n't possible to hold them the way one would normally hold hair or moustache scissors .
 These scissors could maybe be used for heavy beard trimming . The blades are too thick for mustache work , and the workmanship is cheesy at any rate .
 Wanted to replace a pair of similar scissors , but these are junk . Blunt tipped , rather than sharp , and they stick together when you try and cut anything .
 Its not real !! Beware of fake Mason Brush . It 's a knock off.I have a similar brush that I purchased from a reputable dealer and thenI purchased this one . This one is clearly a fake . Nothing like the other Mason Pearson brush I own .
 My husband bought this hairbrush for me as a Christmas gift . I was very excited and gave my hair a thorough brushing , only to have my scalp itch for a solid 30 minutes afterwards . Hoping it was a fluke , I tried again the next few days with the same result . My hairdresser believes I have some reaction to the boar bristles in the brush , which is odd as I have never been allergic to anything!I contacted Mason Pearson and asked if they were familiar with this type of reaction , and for a possible return of the brush.This was their response , `` Your inquiry to Mason Pearson was forwarded to us as we are their Exclusive Distributor for the USA.We are sorry but not being able to see your hair type and/or scalp makes an answer to your question very defficult if not impossible.We suggest you take the brush back to where your husband purchased it and perhaps they might have a answer . `` I also contacted the seller , requesting a return and received this response , `` I apologize that you are not happy with the Mason Pearson brush . We have not heard of any such issues before . Unfortunately we are unable to accept returns on any products that have already been used . This is stated in our Return Policy on Amazon.com . '' Best Regards , Kevin Soufer , Sales ManagerI understand the policy ; however , we are out $ 100 with a brush I ca n't use ! I had hoped Mason Pearson would stand behind their product , particularly if this is such a `` rare '' reaction to their brush . I 'm particularly disapointed as their response is contradictory to Mason Pearson 's image as a long-standing quality product .
 It is a nice brush , but it is way overpriced . I have many brushes , and none of them are anywhere near the price of this brush . Also I find the material used to make the brush to be rather cheap feeling and looking , nothing like I expected when I paid $ 100 for a brush . The handle does not fit comfortably into my hand either . I had been told it would do miracles for my show dogs ` coats . It does n't . Others had told me it is just a brush like all the others . They were right , and I wasted a lot of money to find that out .
 `` Your advertising 's just dandy ... folks would never guess you do n't have a thing to sell . '' Bonnie ParkerFaye Dunnaway might as well have been talking about Touch for Men by Fred Hayman when she said those lines to Warren Beatty in the classic 1967 film `` Bonnie And Clyde '' . The bottle for Touch was so pretty and elegant that I was seduced by its classic apothecary bottle design . I bought it blind and on the promise of the notes it claimed to have . Three notes to be exact , Lavender , Spices , and Amber , a simple yet masculine Oriental Spicy , right up my alley . It sounded uncomplicated and elegant and like something that might hark back to the glamour of Beverly Hills in the 90 's when Fred Hayman was a big name people still remembered on Rodeo Drive.Then it arrived ... . I opened the package and took one look at the box . Not good . It was rather gaudy ... Oh well it was the 90 's after all.I unboxed the bottle ... Now it looked a lot better with its oversized black cap and the red plastic `` wax '' seal with an H stamped on it in the center of the bottle ... no name just the stamp . Well that is kind of classy ; if you stood back a few feet and squinted . Then I opened the bottle.I spayed it on and in a Newport Beach second I morphed into Summer Roberts from `` The O.C. '' `` It smells like Chino , Ew !! `` It stank like the inside of the plastic head of a Jerry Mahoney ventriloquist doll . I know because when I was 12 I smelled my cousin 's Jerry Mahoney Doll , and it smelled BAD . What is that , Lavender ? I have never smelled lavender like that . Plastic flowers melting on a sidewalk in the summer . The spices were from the back shelf of an old taco truck abandoned on the old I 5 just north of Gorman . Amber ? No not amber but something akin to burning tires in a junk yard in the San Fernando Valley.It not only stank but it stank in the most obvious way . IT WAS CHEAP!Was this a joke ? All I could think of was Divine in `` Lust in the Dust . `` Divine
 I bought this because of the curved plates , but I had absolutely no luck with this . My hair is pretty short , mostly straight , and generally takes well to straightening , but this did no good . I used the highest heat and made sure to apply firm pressure and went over the same areas multiple times . Still nothing . Not only would the ends not flip , but it did n't even work as a regular straightener . I ended up going back to my old flat iron and I 'm going to try to return this one .
 Absolutely horrible , this was my second hair straightener and it did NOTHING ! It did n't even get hot and the `` v '' shape that it has to supposedly reach the roots did n't straighten the roots at all !! plus when you try to clamp it down to your hair there 's no where for your fingers to rest to protect you from burning your fingers . So save your money and purchase a straighter worth while . I have permed hair and this may have made a difference but i still would not reccomend this to ANYONE ! it really deserves a 0 !
 WARNING
 The Caruso steam setter works way much better if you want steam rollers ; however , their newer unit does n't even work as good as the original one -LRB- why does that always happen ?? -RRB- This Revlon unit did n't hold a curl for me at all . The rollers emit steam , but they are not spongy , so I 'm not sure if that contributes to its poor quality of steam evaporation . I have had much , much better and consistent results using the conair ion shine heat setter.Note
 This item is ramped up to be so awesome !! However , this ca n't even steam in a curl that will last longer than 10 seconds , take the roller out and instantly ... flat hair !! Very disapointing !
 They charge you 36 but equivalently ship you the Revlon Ionic Hairsetter 261 . After wrangling with customer service they finally agreed to refund me but it was still a very harrowing process . The shipping was also delayed . Delayed shipping plus an incorrect product ? I will not be buying from them again any time soon .
 This shower cap 's elastic broke within a few weeks of owning it . Very disappointed in the quality .
 I have n't noticed much hair growth really , but my hair looks and feels healthier . I 'm only had way through it but ill continue to use it i suppose to see if it gets any longer .
 No changes noticeable , my sister 's hair did n't grow more than what it would without using this product , neither the length or structure of the hair changed , after following the treatment properly , consistent of pills , step one & tow , the shampoo and conditioner.Note . I rated one star because the 0 option is not available .
 You were supposed to take six of the white pills throughout the day -LRB- two in morning , two in afternoon , two before bed -RRB- but i could n't always take them right on time.I did n't see any difference in my hair length after about a month . I did n't see it as effective at all , but it could be just how my body works with it .
 This product does not make you hair grow at all . Im so freakin mad it is such a lie it makes your hair grow ... IM SOOOOOOOOOOOO MADDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
 The Shine Max product that I was looking for was actually a `` smoother '' not the spray . -LRB- This product has been discontinued by Pureology . -RRB- SO ... when I saw the picture of the product , I was thrilled . Unfortunately I did not read carefully ! The product that was being sold was a spray - but that is not what is pictured!I really feel that it was a misrepresentation of the product .
 It gave both my daughters really dry scalp . We called Little Twig to talk to them and did n't even get a call back .
 i was very disappointed with this shampoo . it did not produce the effect , fuller hair , that i was expecting . i would not buy it again .
 I bought this instead of my old standby , Mama Lotion / Skin Refinish.Unfortunately , I can not recommend this.It made me break out , but worst of all , it made my skin INCREDIBLY dry . I 've used stronger creams , even prescription creams , that have n't made me peel as bad as this.Hated it : -LRB-
 I used this shampoo and conditioner for 2 months and I finally decided to stop using them . This product may work for some people but definitely not for me . I did n't see any result at all . I felt I was losing hair more than when I used other products .
 I specifically ordered the 100mL & received the 75ml ; I intentionally PAID MORE for the extra 25ml , yet did NOT receive the larger size . I WILL NOT be ordering from THIS company again ! They clearly state the 100 mL , this is VERY upsetting because I LOVE this Hauschka product ! I feel very deceived . Shame on you !
 I bought this and I use it for a month . I di n't notice any change on my face . I 'm 38 years and i have small wrinkles around my eyes and my mouth . I also bought the night cream . Overall i looked like bathe in oil . Dont waste the money . It too greasy .
 Well , not what it was hoped to be . I 've used it all , all that comes in the bag , followed every step just as they said , but it was no better than every other `` curl '' product I 've tried . Of course my hair is not what someone else 's is so it may be just what you 're looking for . I have corse , thick , curly , wavy , frizzy hair . The straight iron is my best friend . I would love to not be so tied down . Be able to go swimming and scrunch something in the hair and sit on the beach or by the pool and look normal . This wo n't do it for me either . It made my hair feel dirty , like straw and stiff as a board . Sorry , I wish I had better news .
 I 'm really disappointed . This perfume is not original . Do not return the product because I 'm in another country.Llevo a & ntilde ; os usando este perfume y lo que recibi no es jamas la fragancia original . Si pudiera devolverlo lo haria .
 I first bought my T3 in October 2004 , it was the best thing ever , sleek , shiny smooth hair , effortless , no damage whatsoever to my hair . After 6 months , it was n't heating up as well , so I sent it back and got a new one . The new one is horrible , exact same model , but I do n't know what happened . Dry frizzy hair , I have to spend an extra hour straightening than I did before . I ca n't even contact the distributors because there is no contact info on the product . Very disapointed in my replacement . If you can keep your original working , then it 's great , but do n't count on that 48month warranty replacement .
 This is not a real after sun lotion that will help turn minor sun burn into a tan . It lacks aloe or cocca butter and the herbals are present in too little amounts to make any difference.Strongly scented and over all inferior to Dove or Vasiline moisturizing lotion . Not recommended !
 I love musk scents , and this one was recommended to me by a co-worker who loves everything from The Body Shop . Unfortunately , something about this fragrance gave me a horrible headache . I 'm not usually prone to headaches , and I 've never had a reaction like that to any other perfumes , so I thought maybe it was just a coincidence at first , but I wore it 3 different times , and each time it was the same . It smells okay , but it 's not worth the pain !
 I have used this for eight months and can tell very little improvement in my skin.it should not that take long or longer for a product to work . If you ca n't make a product thar works , don , t lie about iand quit selling bad products .
 THIS PRODUCT DID NOT WORK FOR ME ! STILL DID NOT GET RID OF THE SUN BURN MARKS ON MY ARMS .
 I do n't see no difference . What a waste of money ! I really have some scares I want to fade can anyone recommend something better ?
 It was a waset of money , did n't do a thing and I believe it is false advertising to the publib
 I 've tried this product repeatedly for several times consistently each time ; and each time , the reaction was no reduction in age spots - or whatever they are , I 'm in my 50 's so a little early for dark age spots - but it never lightened them - and instead started blemishes -LRB- yuck on a middle age lady ! -RRB- Looking for something else now : -RRB-
 Got darker on my face ! . . I 've been using it for 4weeks and the spots on my cheeks havnt gotten lighter .
 Like I said this stinks literally and figuratively . The smell made me gag and after using this for 2 weeks my skin actually looks darker !
 I have had this product for some time now . Unfortunately I just can not use it . The texture makes it difficult to apply and once you apply it to your skin , it leaves a vaseline type feel . I tried using it in the morning but could n't apply make up or put on clothing right away . I also tried using it at night but woke with gross vaseline like smears on sheets -LRB- really nasty -RRB- . I really wanted this to work but the texture makes it difficult .
 I 've been using this whitener everyday since early February and have seen absolutely no positive results . I have compared my before pictures with current pictures and there is literally no change . The only thing I like is that it is very moisturizing , however , the consisteny is like smearing chapstick on your face . Once you scrape it out of the container you will need to cream-it-up by rubbing it in your hand before it is smooth enough to apply . -LRB- Not quite sure this is something for those who break-out easily or have acne . -RRB- Will be trying something new ...
 I used to love this product until it started irritating my skin . Because of the irritation it left a dark mark/spot and now I ca n't find anything to get rid of !
 my face is darker than the rest of my body and so i bought this product . it 's been a little more than two weeks and i havent notice any difference , not even a little . do n't buy this , it 's a waste of money
 I tried this product for about a month on an area of hyperpigmentation on my leg , and did not see any lightening effect at all ! I also discovered that the product contains 2 % hydroquinone -LRB- which I did n't know when I purchased the product -RRB- . After researching about hydroquinone , I found that it is a potential carcinogenic substance , and even in lower concentrations might associated with a serious skin disease called ochronosis . More information about hydroquinone are in the following link :[ ... -RSB-
 Never really used it honestly !!! I maybe used it a couple of times but not enough to actually see a difference ! I know you have to keep up on it so you can see resutls but have n't had the chance lol ! But that does not mean it does n't work !
 so shipping time was really great as far as product ... when i opened the package it came in there was a huge dent in the top of the polish . . almost looked like it was melted by a curling iron ... i brushed it off thinking things happen and im not too interested in what the top looks like . . but when i went to use it the bottle was SO hard to open and when i finally got it open the polish was suuuper runny . . took like 4-5 coats till it was actually white and by the time i got it white it was kinda clumpy and took forever to dry due to how many coats i had to use . . dont know if its the sellers fault or just the product itself . im rarely disappointed by OPI so ... idk . .
 Ok , so there are apparently two shades with the same name : * One is -LRB- theoretically -RRB- a sheer pale pink that is said to be pretty . Sadly , that 's not what this is . * The other is a beige-pink sheer shade , which I thought it would be an ok consolation prize.I was SO wrong . This was unoriginal , blah , milky , sorta-nude . HIGHLY disappointing . There may be folk who like this , but I 'm not one of them . Coverage is average for a sheer , prone to streaking . It does n't chip too quickly.But if you really / must / have such a meh nude tone ? You can get roughly the same color with Sally Hansen 's `` Shall We Dance ? '' -LSB- That 's in their `` Complete Salon Manicure '' line . Oddly , it 's LEAGUES better . I never thought to see it outperform OPI , but it certainly did in this case . Everything from the brush to the coverage to the lasting power . Go figure . -RSB- Seriously , ditch Bubble Bath and just buy that instead .
 this item was presented as a collection - I thought it would be the set of 4 small bottles of the collection - great for travel . Unfortunately , it was one large bottle - not as expected and will be returned .
 Saw the swatches online and thought it would be a great everyday color . You have to put on four coats for it to not look streaky .
 Waaaaaay to runny to do a French manicure gel polish is great but this one is waaaay to runny opis other gel color give off way too much fumes
 Though the tiny glitter color spectrum is beautiful , the polish itself if horrible . It does n't matter how I put the polish on -LRB- with a base coat/no base coat / top coat/no top coat , 1 coat of the I Juggle Men color or 5 coats of the color -RRB- it Immediately chips the next day . It first spider webs -- looks all cracked but is smooth , then shortly after it just starts to flake off on its own . I have tried it several times , several different way since I have receive the product , and without fail , the next day it spider webs and flakes off . I was thoroughly disappointed that I spent almost $ 8 for a nail polish that does that .
 Was recommended to me through an Internet site as I was looking for neutral nail polish colors for pale skin . It looked like a light pink and I decided to buy it . Was very disappointed when it came and I tried it on . Even with several layers the color did n't impress me . I 've used it as a clear polish to go on top of other polishes and it works well that way , but on its own I am not a fan .
 I do love most of opi products . This one is almost clear for the first three coats . gets kinda pink after the fourth coat . I do not really like it you have to put it on so thick if you bump your top coat the whole top layer shifts . I am extreemely rough on my nails and dont like to be gentle with them . so this may be alright for some and it does go on fairly smooth . I just do n't like it it 's just too thick when you get it looking like the picture .
 I love pink - thought this would be a light shade , but was n't prepared for how light.It simply does not show up , not even after three coats . I mean , maybe in the right light someone might say hey , is there the slightest hint of pink on your nails ? But then they would look again and say , nope , just shiny . Its not the sellers fault - and I love OPI ... just not sure what anyone would need invisible pink polish for !
 I love OPI Nail polish , a fabulous thick application brush makes putting it on a breeze . I did not however like the color ` Bubble Bath ' - compared to OPI 's bolder colors the Bubble Bath went on streaky and patchy . I can only find satisfaction when only applying one coat , once I put two coats on it looks bad .
 I thought this was a pretty light pink nail polish color . BUT the brush sucks ! It leaves it uneven and you have to put 3-4 coats on to see the color . Do n't waste your money ! OPI nail polishes suck !
 The color shown here is pale pink . The nail polish I received is a dark coral . The color is completely different , but is also labeled Tutti Frutti Tonga . What I received is NOT the color I ordered .
 I expected more from this product.I did not find it all that is described.the scent does not remain for very long .
 I got this on Friday special from Amazon for $ 25 shipped , thinking how much I would save in Mystic tanning sessions by doing this myself at home . I am not impressed -- I acknowledge my unit may have been defective , but I 'm not taking the chance and I 'm returning it to Amazon for a refund.In short , it did not work well at all . The plug on the recharging unit got too hot to the touch after charging for a little while . The reservoir was very difficult to remove and it did not spray very strong . Worst of all , it did a poor job on me -- although I tried to coat myself evenly , I am only tan in places here and there . I am tannest on spots on both of my hands , which is very noticeable and embarrassing . In addition , the spray gun seemed to be a bit leaky - yuck.So , the experiment did not go well and it 's back to Mystic for me . This is a poor product and based on its performance , I would say that if you paid a penny for it , it would be one cent too much .
 This is my first Amazon review because this is the first disappointing item I have ever bought on Amazon . I got my first IBOD Tanning System and tried to use it . The gun clogged immediately and the battery would n't hold a charge , so I returned it -LRB- paying alot for shipping to return it -RRB- . The second gun arrived and when I used it , the same thing happened . Since I could n't justify another expensive shipping charge , I am now stuck with this horrible piece of junk . Oh , by the way , they only give you 30 days to ship it back . It took 2 weeks to get my return spray gun , thus my time ran out . I will never order another Viatek product again . My Aztek gun was 1/2 the price of this one and worked much better .
 First , the tanning solution bottle appeared to have been previously opened , or at least the foil inside the cap that seals the bottle was n't sealed.I carefully read and followed the instructions to the letter . The tanning solution is not a bronzer , which makes it difficult to tell if you have applied it evenly . It took overnight for the tan to develop - and what a disappointment ! I ended up with a very streaky tan as well as drip marks in a couple places . Determined to try to it again , I had my husband carefully apply the solution again . The results ended up being not much better than the first application . I gave it a final try a few days later , but again , it seems impossible to get any even tan - now I 've been waiting/exfoliating for a week trying to get rid of what 's left of this bad fake tan.The solution does give a decent color tan , but I 'll stick with other products or the salon before I ever try using this device again .
 I bought the IBOD Airbrush Tanning system . When I got the item and went to use it i found out that a special plug in -LRB- 230 Volt -RRB- was needed . I dont know if I was missing a part with this package or what was going on because the instruction said use a standard outlet but it did n't work . I never got to use the product but if anyone wants to buy it for personal use make sure you BUY the IBOD PERSONAL AIRBRUSH TANNING SYSTEM . That one clearly says you can use a 110 volt outlet which is standard .
 I purchased this item as a tester before I spent $ 350 on a professional spray gun from a larger retailer . I was expecting to at least get a month or two of use out of it -LRB- considering it comes with a year warranty -RRB- . I was pleased the first use when I tested only on one foot , then 2 hours later I came back to do the other ... no can do . The unit has n't worked since and the support desk is n't much support at all . All they tell you to do is clean it - why should I have to keep cleaning a product that has n't sprayed more than a tablespoon of solution ??? So if your looking to tan more than a few inches of your skin , you should opt for another product.Do your research and spend the extra money to get a better product - this thing is useless !!! All I want is my money back but Viateck keeps telling me that they want to make it right and send another . I should have done more research before purchasing because it turns out that only 1 out of every 5 or 6 reviews is favorable - even then they say that it 's not meant for tanning your whole body as the battery wo n't last . Buyer Beware ! I wound up just putting the solution is a spray bottle to get by until I get a better product .
 Not what I expected . I 've read that `` Ungaro III '' was a rose scent for men , but it does n't smell like rose to me.The description says it contains `` cirtus , lavender , rose , woods , and spicy notes '' . I smell citrus and lavender , but no rose at all.Overall , just not a pleasant scent .
 Its not what I expected , it smells like cheap 5 dollar perfume , dont waste your money on this one , its not worth it ... Just not a pleasant scent
 It smelled like I mixed a bottle of Old Spice and a bottle of Brut . . but what can you really expect for the price ? On the plus side the scent can easily last 6-8 hours.Anyways , Ungaro III is a dark variety of cologne . Armani Code is far superior dark , but is also much pricier .
 The comb I received was not the item pictured . The real McCoy has the ACE name in the center of the comb . The item I received was a cheaper item made of plastic , not the traditional ACE hard rubber . The ACE name was near the left edge of the comb . I was ripped off . You will be too , since internet pictures of the comb still show the ACE logo on the center of the comb , but what you 'll get is the cheaper knock off with the logo to the left.Ace Tall Pocket Comb 5 '' Long Fine Tooth
 It 's odd that RUBBERmaid would chose to make its Ace-branded comb out of something other than the hard RUBBER that the original Ace company used , but these combs are plastic . The `` Ace '' site tries to insinuate that they are still hard rubber , by talking about the material originally used , while avoiding any explicit claims about what they are now using . The insinuation may not cross the line of actual fraud , but it 's unethical .
 The comb received is not what is in the picture , so go to Walmart and save your time and money . The received comb is half fine and half coarse .
 I use to be a buyer of ace -LRB- unbreakable combs -RRB- lmao . These combs may say they are unbreakable , but you can not put it in your back pocket for any lenth of time without it breaking . I would send back and ask for the refunds of my last five that broke , but who keepsthe receipt of an item like this.You have lost this customer ... P.SI plan on telling anyone that is considering your product my experience also .
 The legendary Ace Hard Rubber Comb belongs to history , it seems . This product comes with `` Made in China '' in tiny letters on the package , so you can probably guess the quality . They break in your pocket , I have gone through 3 in six months before giving up in disgust . The original Ace comb never broke , I could carry one for years without problems . I usually lost it eventually but it never broke . This is yet another case of a big corporation buying up a small company so they can put out cheap crap under the respected name.If you want a pocket comb of equal quality to the Ace , look for the packages of 6 or more that come at a 49 cent unit price . Paying three dollars for a cheap plastic comb is ridiculous .
 This comb is not the one displayed or described , it is a cheap version that has 1 '' teeth instead of the 1.5 '' from the specification . I was sorely disappointed , as I 've bought the 1.5 '' comb at stores and it is a high quality comb made of high quality materials . The 1 '' delivered comb is a cheap substitute , material that is not flexible and will not satisfy . Highly recommend you look elsewhere .
 What more can I say ? I have thick hair that has occasional knots that I use a good comb for . This was not a comb for it , It feels flimsy and my first use felt like I was about to break it with every light pull . It wo n't last long since it 's some kind of cheap `` hard '' plastic instead of the real hard plastic that used to be used . I was honestly expecting something with quality for 7 dollars , could of got one of these at a local store for 99cents .
 I , must have read the initial purchase information incorrectly . I thought it stated 6 combs for the price . To my dismay I only received i for $ 6 + . Not a very good value jj
 As one reviewer has already mentioned this product seemed to cause an allergic reaction on me as well . I have worn it twice only on my face ears and neck . Both times I had swelling under my eyes , hives on neck , and very itchy ears . Does anyone know what ingredient in this product could cause such a reaction in some users ? I would really like to know what is different about this sunscreen so I can avoid it in others as well . If anyone knows , please advise . The reaction lasts several days .
 I bought this product because it says it 's hypoallergenic and wo n't sting eyes . I used it twice and both times I got hives in all the places I put it . I would not recommend this product for children or people with sensitive skin . It also goes on very greasy . I would recommend Oil Free Coppertone or Sensitive Skin Neutrogena .
 This product works pretty well and does n't sting the eyes , but I 'm only giving it 2 stars because it is thick , sticky , oily and hard to spread , probably because it has too much titanium dioxide in it . My favorite banana boat product is called Sun Wear . It is spf 50 and works in high altitude or near water , and it is easy to spread and disappears into the skin . I use it on my face , and it does n't even make it oily.But this product does n't measure up . Do n't waste your money .
 My baby did not cry , but after appilcation of this product she rubbed her eyes . Within minutes she was obviously uncomfortable . Her eyes all got red , puffy and teary . She could hardly keep them open and there was so much tearing up ! -LRB- Even though the tube says `` no tears '' - maybe they should have said `` no crying '' instead . -RRB- I feel that I was lied to by this company with their false advertising . Do not use this product and think that it will not bother your baby if it gets in her eyes !
 Since our son was born , we 've been using Coppertone Water Babies sunscreen , but did n't like that it stung if it got into his eyes . When we found this , we were thrilled . I even put it on my hands and rubbed it into my eyes to make sure it was truly `` tear free '' . In that respect , it 's great . However , we 've used it twice on our son . The first time -LRB- last weekend -RRB- , he got a little bit red , but today , after being in the sun for only two hours , he 's got the worst sunburn ever . I 'm devastated since I 'm very careful about his sun exposure -LRB- we 're both fair-skinned -RRB- . In the year and a half of using Water Babies , he NEVER had a sunburn . I also used this sunscreen today and I am sporting the worst burn of my life as well ... it looks as though we went without any sunblock at all . I hope someone can learn from our bad experience .
 I 've purchased several of these Ace all purpose combs over the years . This one is lighter and the teeth are sharper . It is still better than some of the cheaper brands , but definitely not the same quality as before .
 Instead of getting the Ace All-Purpose 7 '' Fine-Teeth * Black ... I got an BROWN one that looks completely different than the one advertised -LRB- Teeth of the comb are different sizes -RRB- . Obviously , despite being made by Ace , I must have gotten the wrong product . I 'd return but its a comb and not worth the hassle imo . Regardless , keep that in mind when ordering
 I thought I was getting a &#34; hard rubber &#34; comb . Hard plastic is not the same as hard rubber !!! Product description was not clear ! I put in an internet search for a hard rubber comb !!
 I purchased this item for my mother because the same brand purchased several years ago worked very well . The item received bearing the same name does not work at all . It does nothing to lessen the appearance of wrinkles .
 This was sent quickly and is a great product ! Thank you for making this available .
 I am not a professional stylist so i have no idea why people would want this . I thought i was buying a folding travel diffuser . I got this foam thingy that i guess stops the air from blowing so hard , does n't really style like a hard plastic diffuser . Could n't you just turn the power down on the hairdryer and save youself $ 3 ? Too cheap to feel any remorse or bother returning , but my advise is , do n't bother .
 I wrote a review on this polish yesterday but I had to change it after I actually applied it on my nails . The consistency on this polish it TERRIBLE ! What in the world ?? And China Glaze is my favorite brand . In fact I 'm almost convinced that this was a bootleg China Glaze because it 's THAT BAD . I left the FIRST COAT on my nails for 10mins and it smeared !! I 've never had a China Glaze polish that took more than 5mins to dry completely . This is just ridiculous . I ca n't even keep the polish on unless I 'm expected to sit in my chair still , not doing anything for an hour or something.I 'll still say this , the shipping was prompt and fast . I 'm not blaming this on the seller because maybe it 's the company that really messed up on this one but if anyone else happens to get this color at the store or from another seller , please let me know how it worked for you ! Because no lie , I do n't even know if I can use this polish at all . It wo n't stay on .
 I love China Glaze 's nail polishes but this one is terrible . I bought it because it is a very unique color and thought it would look great for summer . It took 5 coats for it to actually be seen on my nails but it was still extremely streaky . It also looked very dry and matte even after applying a top coat . I immediatley took it off and threw it away . It 's horrible . Do not waste you money .
 This color is true to the picture and is very neon . It is very attractive if you like neon and I have received many compliments on it however it takes at least 15 coats . No kidding . It is very thin so it does not even look or feel caked on after that many coats . You can actually apply a new coat to your first hand just as soon as you finish your second hand , that 's how quickly this dries but I would not use this nail polish if you want to do your nails quickly . After putting this nail polish on with 10 + coats on , my nails still needed more coats of polish , I did n't want to mess with it so I just put on black crackle the next day and it looked very nice . It does dry matte so do n't forget your topcoat and I like to put on a base coat as well as neons have a tendency to chip . I do n't think I would buy this again just because it takes so many coats . If my rating were based solely on the color , I would give Celtic Sun a 5 .
 This color is VERY sheer , after about 5 coats you will finally get an opaque color and then it peels off in about a day . Definitely avoid this nail polish .
 I first saw this product in a salon and it was more of a mauve shade . So when I ordered it on the internet I just assumed the shade on the computer screen was just one of those `` difficult to do it justice '' situations . When it arrived it was orange . That 's a problem for me . I will never order nail polish again online .
 I 've purchased 8 China Glaze nail lacquers over the past month from a local Sally Beauty Supply , figuring all the ` hype ' I hear about them has got to be true
 This has got to be the cheapest nail polish I have ever bought ... not in the good sense . I love the color , but the texture of just the polish is very weird and started chipping the next day . Even with two coats . Definitely apply a top and bottom clear coat to get the best staying power . Not like OPI where you do n't need them . Probably wo n't be buying any more China Glaze polish . Only OPI for this girl ! Giving it two stars just because I LOVE the color , which makes me sad it chips so fast .
 I do absolutely LOVE this color ... but I found out the hard way that China Glaze chip SUPER fast . I guess I will stick to OPI !
 I do absolutely LOVE this color ... but I found out the hard way that China Glaze chip SUPER fast . I guess I will stick to OPI !
 For those of you that may not know the color flip flip fantasy it is a coral/pink neon it is nothing like the color shown in the pic which is very misleading . I also dislike the fact that I waited a month for my package to arrive ! How ever I do love the polish it 's self and it goes on smoothly , drys easily and is matte ,2 coats are needed and a shiny clear on top .
 This is a good nail polish , but it does n't show very much . It is kind of clear . I have to put 3 layers for it to show . but it 's a nice color
 I normally love China Glaze nail polish but the one i received was terrible . It 's thin and watery and wont go on well at all . I think it may have been more to do with the seller filling a half empty used bottle with remover to make it seem full . I am very disappointed with my purchase .
 I bought this color because black is now one of the new hot colors . But this black is dull and ugly . I made a mistake with this color
 Totally hate it . In the bottle , it looks like a fun fuchsia with blue and pink micro glitter , but in reality , it dries unattractively matte , shows EVERY brush stroke , and the glitter -LRB- which is barely visible -RRB- resembles little pebbly specks . A huge disappointment since it looked so nice in the bottle . I managed to salvage the manicure by hiding it under a glittery top coat , but I think this is ultimately going into the swap pile . I still love China Glaze , I just do n't consider this to be one of their successes .
 I purchased TUT from Sally 's yesterday and gave myself a mani-pedi in the evening , the color is fantastic , like other neons it dries matte , which is easily fixed by applying a top coat -LRB- something I 'd usually do anyway , alongside a basecoat , to ensure it lasts longer -RRB- . However , I woke up this morning , noticed it was already a little chipped , took a shower and afterwards noticed that some of the polish was missing entirely from some nails , and on the rest of the others it was more than half gone , despite the fact that I used both base and top coats and three coats of the polish -LRB- it 's rather streaky , but if it would have lasted longer , I 'd be more than happy to put up with that because the color really is great -RRB- . I really do want to be able to wear this , but I 'll likely just have to find a similar color from a different brand , I would n't repurchase .
 I use China Glaze whenever I go to salons and get professional manicures/pedicures . I also have purchased China Glaze at a much higher price tag from upscale cosmetic stores and salons . Needless to say , I have a pretty good idea of how wonderful a nail polish China Glaze is.China GLAZE is supposed to come out SHINY -LRB- hence the name -RRB- . This garbage looks like I colored my nail with a highlighter . Besides the fact that the color I purchased -LRB- Pool Party -RRB- looked NOTHING like the color it 's supposed to be , I had to put on THREE coats of the nail color and TWO coats of top coat to make it look like normal nail polish.I keep reading people 's reviews saying you have to use lots of coats/the color looks flat . REAL china glaze DOES NOT do this !! I guess you get what you pay for ... I should have spent the extra $ 5 and purchased the real thing at a store .
 I was expecting a coral/tangerine color but ended up with a BLAZE FlORESCENT orange . Not happy . Plus it took about ten coats , I am not exaggerating , just to get decent coverage on my nails . I 'm not sure if the polish was `` watered '' down but I expected more from the China Glaze brand .
 I LOVE the color of Flip Flop Fantasy -LRB- neon orangey-pink -RRB- . Unfortunately the nail polish is really watery , goes on streaky -LRB- needs 3 coats of color -RRB- , dries with a matte finish , and chips within 2-3 days , even with top and bottom coats . I tried it once on my toes and once on my hands and I had the same experience both times . As much as I love the color , I doubt I will try it again - not worth the effort because it does n't last .
 Make sure you know the real color prior to buying the product . It 's a really nice neon and you need a top coat to make it shine . However , the color chipped within a day even with a top coat on . I 'd rather just buy a different brand that holds up longer .
 Nail polish is not very good . Good color , but does n't come out clearly . Brush is too thin and shows strokes on nails . Requires MANY coats on your finger to become opaque . Not the best from china glaze .
 This product is advertised as a no peel nail polish . I dont know if the bottle i got was defective or something , but I have never had a polish that peeled more . Also it never seemed to fully set and seemed quite soft . It did not survive the night and I had to go back to my favorite brand OPI in the morning .
 Within an hour my nail polish was chipped off on all nails -LRB- I 'll be removing it tomorrow -RRB- and I was just doing things around the house ... reading , watching tv , walking the dogs , nothing to cause the polish to chip off . I used a base , two coats of this turquoise polish and then a shiny top coat because the polish is an ugly dull color without it . It 's a beautiful color WITH a top coat , more green than turquoise , but unfortunately it 's terrible quality and does not stay on the nails !
 I 'm not sure if this is authentic China Glaze or not , but I definitely do NOT thing it is authentic . I highly doubt that authentic China Glaze would look like you colored your nails with a hi-lighter . Not to mention that it chipped off within an hour after I painted them . Definitely wo n't be buying again , ever . And if I did , it would have to be from an actual store so I would know it is authentic . I think I 'll stick with OPI .
 So I needed a good white polish after my last one was out , and I did n't want to pay $ 10 for a good one , so I thought China Glaze was a good alternative . It was horrible . It took 3-4 coats of polish before it looked even remotely opaque and non-streaky , and the brush was so so at best . I love China Glaze , but a lot of their nail polishes differ in quality like the houses at Hogwarts . This is one of their worst formulas , and I am incredibly disappointed.However , the shipping was fast , and the packaging was solid .
 It has zero shine and takes at least 3 coats to look OK . Then you would need a top coat . I threw mine away .
 I never usually pay over $ 2 for a bottle of nail polish since I generally just use it on my young daughter who likes to change her nail color often . I purchased this at a store for about $ 6 and am sorry that I did . It may be a $ 6 bottle of nail polish , but I have $ 2 bottles of nail polish that 's better than this . You have to apply multiple coats to get the full color of this silver polish ... And even after you 've done that , it chips very easily . I only gave it 1 star because I had to ... Its a waste of money , IMO .
 Got this for the fact it was neon , not opaque enough , did n't like it ... very speedy fast shipping though , very weird formula too
 The Iconic Frostbite is all over the nail blogs as the `` it '' color . . frosty high luster medium blue with fire within.Well . . I do n't know why but this bottle I got from here was dark . . more like a slightly shimmery navy . Not pretty on my olive skin . I was expecting the color in the blogs . . a vibrant beautiful light Royal blue . . instead . . it is quite dark . . with a slight shimmer if you put your hand in the sun ... just looks like Navy cream polish ... I do n't know if the formula is different . . I do n't know if this is a second ? I do n't know if the blogs lie ... but you know mailing it back would just cost more than the whole thing is worth.I guess . . if you are looking for the Iconic Blue in the Blogs . . try buying in person and try on ... Just looked too dark . . and was totally not what I expected . . very sad ...
 I had to do multiple coats -LRB- more than 2 -RRB- for getting a solid color w/o streaking . But the problem is when you layer so thick it still looks horrible at the end :-LRB- Too bad . I had high hopes because this color is gorgeous .
 cute cute cute right ? but it seriously takes 3-4 coats to get the color on your fingernail and then after going over it that many times its really streaky . its very watery and not thick at all causing uneven application and like i said streaking . I used this for a manicure once and i ended up having to wipe it all off and use a different color because it looked horrible .
 This is no good at all . Streaks and uneven paint . As much as I tried to make this look good it would just not do it . I have been doing my own nails for years so I know a good product . It 's is cheap , poorly made nail polish . It makes your nails look like you painted them with pink chalk . Do not buy this .
 like a crayola very thick and chalk like finish . It looks good from far but far frome good needs several layers to even look halfway descent . maby it 'll look better on you buy and try it but dont say I did n't tell you so . -LRB- :
 Bottle was almost empty when received ! I love the color and quality , but there was harldy any left in bottle when I received , so I assume it was a used bottle !
 I was looking for the classic Tiffany blue color , when I got it , it was way darker than what it looked like on the internet . Its not a horrible nail polish but it was n't what I wanted .
 I was so excited about this color of polish . I was looking for a bright , fun summer color and this is a beautiful shade . However , to even get the color close to what it looks like on the bottle , you need at least 3 coats . And even with a good topcoat , it only lasted less than 2 days before it was peeling off so badly I had to remove it . It 's a shame because I love china glaze polish and I was really hoping for this color to be my summer go-to , but I think I 'll keep looking . Oh and this color is matte when applied so make sure if you decide to give it a try that you have a shiny topcoat handy , without it , it 's not flattering .
 Maybe I got a `` bad '' batch of this nail polish , but what I received is much greener than `` Tiffany Blue '' .
 The color is nice , But it comes off so easily , For me I like the polish to stay on good at least two days before rubbing off or chipping . . This just does n't last
 I still love china Glaze polish but this is hideous . It 's sheer frosty pink on it 's own - over clear basecoat or natural nails ... BUT It 's totally purple ... if you paint it over any other color , no matter how light or dark - it paints over solid/opaque . I thought from the sheerness of the polish in the bottle and the way it is on = screen , it would be a topcoat look with kind of rainbow of colors depending on the light or reflection . BUT it paints over as a frosty purple/lavender . I even tried it over Zoya Verushka which is a matte velvet dark forest green on it 's own . Frosty purple , no hint of forest green-same with paint over candy cane red , dark burgundy , over pale pink or super bright pink , over Audrey Blue , Recycle Grey-you get frosty purple ! . You can tell there 's a dark color underneath but just barely , and certainly no forest green or any other specific color . On it 's own , it 's a frosty pink that looks like it could be a topcoat and changes color but not in a good way because it 's all rainbows of pink , pink , pink-nothing else , no rainbow . On everything else it just obstructs and ruins any decent color you have on your nails by making it purple . It 's just awful.They really missed the mark on this one - the least they could do is tell you what color the polish is . I 'm really fed up with looking at a gazillion web sites to try and find out what one nail color is supposed to be so I can buy it from the manufacturer or a seller on Amazon . Why ca n't the sellers give us a clue ? Obviously the trendy thing to do is name your polish something fun or funky or crazy that has little to do with the actual color , and then the manufact . gives descriptions -LRB- and sellers -RRB- that are stupid , like `` if you 're a such-and such person ... '' `` If you like fast cars ... '' WHAT ? How about `` If you like bright pink glittery polish '' after all , we are buying POLISH!How about telling us if it 's a metallic , a frost , a cream , is it opaque or sheer , or , let 's see WHAT COLOR IS IT !!!! I know ... do n't buy it online ! Here 's the thing - first of all , everyone buys online these days so that 's no excuse . Second , because of my illness , I ca n't get out much , hardly ever , so I depend on online to get pretty much everything . I appreciate that I can finally get polish online but since the prices are typically ridiculous , and get more pricey all the time , and then the shipping cost is inexcusable in most cases , and then add to that the more and more stringent return policies that make it not worth returning , and the least they could do is give a three word description.Name Sheer or Opaque Metallic/Frost/Creme / Glitter Color or Color FamilyI mean they have to tell us on the bottle what the ingredients are but nobody has to tell us what color it is when you put it on your nails?And then so-called Nail Polish/Beauty Supply stores online do n't tell us anything , while making it impossible to return anything . Your only hope is that someone somewhere bought it and has the time and energy to write a review that tells you about the actual polish , not just the brand or the seller.Kudos to ZOYA and Art Of Beauty for being the one and only manufacturer/site who tells you exactly what you are getting from the polish on their website . Shame on any seller online who sells Zoya and is too lazy to copy the information about the colors of polish when they sell it on Amazon.Sorry for raging against the polish companies and online sellers but NOBODY should waste $ 5 - $ 15 a bottle on what could be purple , red , pink , brown , who knows what color - you just have to hope your screen is close to the color and if you hate metallic or frost or creme , you can cross your fingers and hope it is n't the one kind you hate , and if you need opaque , you can hope it is n't sheer , but good luck on that one too.Ultimately , it 's my own fault for buying a color called `` Rainbow '' that looked like a sheer topcoat that is a wierd sheer pink frost on it 's own and lavender frost that is opaque with one coat if you paint it on ANY color.I hope this helps all of you who do n't want to waste money on a pink frost/purple frost polish when you are looking for a cool topcoat to give a different finish to your other polish , or are looking for an interesting sheer polish that is n't just clear , but changes colors in the light . And I hope it helps anyone looking for a sheer pink Frost polish / or Lavender Frost opaque topcoat and ca n't find it ... here it is , no thanks to anyone in the business .
 This is my first time using any China Glaze product , and I have to say that I 'm disappointed . I read so many rave reviews about China Glaze , and the fact that they add clay as a hardener seems appealing -LRB- I 'm a busy house-wife who tends to chip her polish -RRB- . However , I think the clay addition might be its downfall . This stuff is thick , goopy , and takes FOREVER to dry . 3 hours after application , and I could still leave an impression on the surface of my nails . Not good ! The polish also went on rather streaky . I was n't able to test out how hard or long-lasting the product is , because I had to use nail polish remover before it even fully dried -LRB- 4 hours after application -RRB- . For those interested , I did use a base & -LRB- fast drying -RRB- top coat . i could literally feel the polish squishing around in between base & top coat , so I knew it was not dry . Big pain in the ass . China Glaze has let me down . Perhaps not all color formulas are as difficult as the Re-fresh Mint .
 got it done at a salon added two more layers and unless you dont shower or wash your hand or do anything then maybe it will last . n dont waste you time with harderners it did not work on this polish n and with a clear coat . color looked nice then 3hours later into doing things around the house like cook and wash hands lol it all cracked off in pieces
 The color of this nail polish is breath taking in person . I find myself actually staring serenely at my nails just mesmerized by the color . However , this nail polish Turned up Turquoise is the absolute worst for chipping that I have ever used . I used a base coat -LRB- China Glaze -RRB- AND a top coat -LRB- Sally Hansen Insta-Dri -RRB- and within 1 hours , I suffered chipping on almost all my nails . In all fairness , I am a cashier and I work 8 and a half hours a day . But I have never had a nail polish fail on me after 1 hour . I am not ready to give up quite yet , because I am so in love with the color . Maybe next time I will use 2 coats of top coat . This is not a good nail polish for long term wear . Also as a side note
 I ca n't even describe the consistency of this polish . It 's thick and runny at the same time . In some places it goes on too thick and in others you can see through it . It takes FOREVER to dry , even with only one thin coat . I painted my nails several hours before bed and when I woke up there were sheet marks all over and there were dents on every nail . I ended up taking it off because it just felt thick and sticky even 24 hours later . I only even got one coat on ! I tried to like it because I love the color , but I hope I can find something similar elsewhere .
 I wanted a soft bristle brush for my face . This one is too rough and leaves my face raw . Not recommended .
 From the ingredient list I was made to believe that this product is all natural . On the package it only says Japanese botanical include
 This is a heavy duty tool and seems to be cut from similar cloth to the ones the docs might use . Sadly , whoever did the finish work on these did not get the blade sharpening quite right . It crushes as much as cuts -LRB- bad -RRB- . Also , the curve of the blade and length of the cutting surface is actually too long . You want something that cuts somewhat directionally ... and this one is almost too big for even large toenails on a large person . Normally cutters like this are really really nice to own -- just maybe not this one specifically .
 These are toenail pliers , not cutters . They wo n't cut ! You 've got to twist the toenail over and over like breaking wire with pliers . Stay away !
 This product does NOT work !!! It does n't even clip finger nails . It 's a complete waist of money . I did n't even want to give it one star but it 's the only way to rate it .
 This is a cheaply made ripoff of otherwise great toenail clipper . Pakistani made , advertised as ` surgical steel ' , has been filed by hand with visible defects on every surface . It is so dull , it does not cut toenails at all , but only tears them , presuming that one has enough strength in the hand to do it . Even though return postage most likely equals the value of the apparatus , I return it promptly as a matter of principle . Folks , do not be fooled . This tool is a ripoff . I wish there would be a minus 3 -LRB- -3 -RRB- star rating .
 This item was put on serious shipping delay . I tried to cancel the order , but Amazon would not let me .
 smells really good at first , but after about 20 minutes it smells bad , like plastic/rubbery , nothing natural about the smell . I Threw it out because I just could n't stand the smell .
 I have bought and loved this lotion for years , but they have changed the formula and , to my nose , it smells awful . The chai notes are much heavier and the vanilla is almost entirely overtaken by the spiciness . The bottles I received have `` new fragrance '' printed on them , but that is not indicated online . Also , the color of the lotion has changed from a neutral off-white/cream color to a light brown , which might not matter , but the sheen left behind seems distinctly shinier to me compared to some of the old formula I have left . Overall , this is a huge disappointment and I disliked it so much I actually returned both bottles , including the one I opened . If I thought it was no longer a favorite but bearable , I would have just used up the bottle I opened . It 's really a shame because I genuinely loved this lotion and always received enthusiastic compliments about it . I guess it 's time to find something new !
 Should have paid attention to the reviews , I like this scent a lot and used to wear it years ago , but something is off with this fragance now , not sure what it is , and worse of all whatever the scent there is when you spray it on you does not last at all . Not sure if it is too old and lost its potency or if the makers changed the formula , but do n't waste your money .
 SE&N tilde ; ORES AMAZON , HOY 11 DE FEBRERO DE 2008 POR FIN LLEGO A MIS MANOS UN PERFUME BOUCHERON DE 3.4 ONZAS , PEDIDO EL 23 DE DICIEMBRE DE 2007 PERO CUAL NO SERIA MI SORPRESA CUANDO LO QUE LLEGO EN EL PAQUETE FUE UN PERFUME BOUCHERON DE 1.7 ONZAS Y UN AFTER SHAVE DE 1.7 ONZAS Y PARA MAYOR SORPRESA AMBOS VACIOS . NO LES PARECE SE&N tilde ; ORES DE AMAZON QUE ESTO ES FALTA DE SERIEDAD DE PASO EL CODIGO DE BARRAS ESTA SOBREPEGADO Y COINCIDE CON EL QUE CORRESPONDE AL PEDIDO QUE YO REALICE Y QUE USTEDES COBRARON EN SU TOTALIDAD.AGRADECERIA INDICASEN COMO CORREGIR ESTA ANORMALIDAD .
 Item was received in a timely manner , however fragrance smelled `` off '' as though it might be older , somewhat spoiled parfum . As a 15-year user , normally this product has a very nice smell , but this time is was definately tainted . Please note , this is not the norm for Amazon . We 've ordered in the past and been very happy .
 I was determined to find a classy and sexy citrus . I bought this because of the good reviews on a fragrance website . I 'm almost 30 but I would n't wish this upon a withered nonagenarian . It smells like a potent CHEAP -LRB- think
 Brush has very soft bristles ; maybe too soft . The handle is too short and it is awkward using the brush because of this . Prompt delivery .
 I use to buy this all the time for 360 waves and it will definitely help you with them but ... it 's just too much . This pomade is wayyyyyyyy too heavy . It only has three ingredients Petrolatum , Mineral Oil , and Fragrance which is better than a lot of pomades I guess . This will leave a lot of buildup in your hair and your brush , it clogs up pores , its really hard to wash out , its greasy , and it does n't give that much shine . The one thing this pomade does better than any other is provide hold , Murray 's provides my coarse hair with the best hold hands down . I guess that 's what it 's meant to do so I 'll give it two stars for doing its job . If you 're really deep into wolfing like 8 weeks and up then you might need this but only use a tiny bit . Right now I 'm using Sportin Waves Gold can which has questionable ingredients but it works amazing for my hair . Personally though when I get my 360 waves to perfection I 'm going to make my own pomade using Raw Shea Butter and natural oils . All these artificial ingredients are n't good for black hair !
 This stuff was so gross . It was like wax , that did n't come off anything it came in contact with . Unless you do n't mind grease/wax do n't buy .
 I really do n't understand why anyone could endorse this . Not only does it smell bad , but it 's next to impossible to wash out without using massive amounts of dish soap.No thanks .
 Hello , That was my first time buying Murrays and by the reviews I decided to try however when I use the product on my hair it felt like I was using candle wax I could not remove the product easily from my hair it took me 6 consecutive washes to remove it and to be honest i still feel that I have some as I said I do n't believe they should have this product for all hair types .
 I have n't even used it yet because i ca n't scoop it or slide my hands through it at all . I hope it 's worth it or I might just give it to someone .
 Cheap knockoff in a nautica bottle smells horrible shouldve figured as much considering they dont even make this product any more
 Smell was bad . Not even close to the real thing . I should have listened to the other review that stated this .
 Buyer beware was a big fan of this before they stopped making this 750 a bottle seemed great price to bad I did n't realize it was a .033 size bottle not only that all 3 I ordered came in 1 package and it cost me13 .99 for shipping to Ohio I thought it was a bigger bottle because it was the bigger bottle in the picture it has a rubber handle so much for consumer protection laws and rules about false advertising I used a little and go figure was not even the original scent but a knock off that wo n't wash off and stings the eyes it does do not trust these snake oil peddlers I am goin to request a refund they can keep there wee little bottles of horse urine for their in laws birthday party enough said
 My beauty consultant at Saks Fifth Avenue suggested the SK-II product line to me after my skin began to act up in my early twenties . I was initially very convinced that this three step system -LRB- Cleansing Oil , Lotion , and Essence -RRB- would help `` heal '' my skin from the inside out . They even had pictures to show how it worked under the skin 's surface to eliminate acne . -LRB- See my review of the Cleansing Oil to see my experience with that product -RRB- . I was told to put on the Essence at the end of my three-step ritual - that it would act as a serum helping to block out dirt and other substances that could block my pores . Using only a few drops and applying this product with my hands , I always felt that I got more of this product seeping into my hands than my face . Not coincidentally , my hands were extremely smooth during the six months I used this product . I 'm not sure which product in my three-step system was to blame , I suspect the cleansing oil , but six months into using SK-II I started to devleop extremely painful and noticeable breakouts . I immediately went to the dermatologist who informed me to stop using the system immediately - it was not a proven acne treatment system and not good for individuals with sensitive skin . For those of us who need some help with crow 's feet or sagging skin , this is the perfect solution - it leaves the face firm , glowing , smooth , and soft . -LRB- Think Cate Blanchett - she is -LRB- was ? -RRB- their spokesperson -RRB- . But if you are known to have sensitive , breakout prone skin , do not buy into the gimic that this will help `` clear '' your acne from the inside out .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000ALFT14 Natura Bisse Inhibit Dermafil . -RSB- Been using this product for about a month now . My sister swears by it ; but I see no visual difference either way . In my opinion Natura Bisse Inhibit Dermafill works within days and improves skin within a week . Going back to Natura Bisse when this product is extinguished .
 I would love to report how this product is or is not working , but I received it with no instructions in the box or on the bottle.I 'm sitting here looking at the bottle wondering what on earth to do with it !
 I have loved this fragrance for years , it 's not even close to the right sent . It must be a knock off . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this as a gift for my mother and to my surprise the container was empty ! not even 1/4 of the way full . And to my luck the product can not be returned , future customers beware . This may be just a coincidence but keep it in mind when purchasing .
 Not a bad smelling fragrance , but it does not really have anything to recommend it . I think it is a fragrance for a young teenager .
 I bought this a little while ago and did not like it . The smell reminds me of a certain cleaning product ... MR. CLEAN . Do n't get me wrong I love Mr. Clean , but he is for my home only .
 I like the Hauschka creams but this cleanser left a residue on my skin , felt weird .
 Based on the reviews and the notes , I really thought I would like this one . I do n't . There is something a bit irritating to me - cardamon ? Also , it 's a bit too rich in white florals , which I am very sensitive to in large doses.I can see how many would like this - it 's a well-constructed modern oriental . Just not for me .
 This was one of the worst experiences of my life it was handled by a third-party with very negative results . Mhg
 I 've been wearing Stella for years & love it . But when I received this shipment I was very disappointed . It did n't smell like it was supposed to .
 THIS PRODUCT WAS SHIPPED TO ME OPEN . I DO N'T THINK IT WAS THE ORIGINAL EITHER . WO N'T BE BUYING FROM HERE ANYMORE .
 Never received the item . Shipping and billing address are different and the system can not handle processing.Very poor operation and will not use this seller again .
 Cap does not say on well . Every time I open my purse to get it , the cap in off . I 'd return it but it 's too much of a hassle for such a cheap item .
 THE FRAGANCE IN THIS PRODUCT NO IS DURABLE . I DONT RECOMMEND THIS SELLER FOR A FUTURE BUY .
 I ordered this for my kids as a fathers day present and when he opened the box there was only the small bottle of Joop . I am very disappointed that I did not get what I ordered !!
 I ordered this set as a gift . What I got was the small bottle of Joop . If I had enough time I would have sent it back . I paid for a gift set & got a single small bottle . This supplier seems to have a history of doing this . As I just read a review that said the same thing to that person . Why is this supplier still allowed to sell on Amazon ?
 I purchased another of this perfume as a gift to my cousin and I know that the one I got from Amazon does not smell as strong and last as long - although this perfume is rated extremely high on longevity and sillage .
 Did not get what I ordered . I sent back the 1oz . that I received and they refunded the money . It was supposed to be a gift . Was excited for the price . But did not turn out . Just a hassle for nothing .
 No recibi el producto que compre . . Claramente hice la comprea de un Joop ! Set y me enviaron un perfume Joop ! De 1.0 ounce , espero repongan el producto . . Califico totalmente negativo el servicio . .
 I did n't notice my skin getting any better while taking this product and I did n't notice it getting any worse . The dose is pretty high so you will go through these pills pretty quickly and it will get expensive , not good for something you do n't think is making a difference .
 I bought this product and it seems to have no scent . This is the second time this has happened and the product is nonrefundable . Do n't waste your money . Buy at a department store a scent which you can be sure of getting or returning . The shelf life of parfume is 3 years and this was stopped in production 7 years ago .
 I bought this for my wife , because her sister has a boar bristle brush -LRB- matching this description -RRB- that she loves , loves , loves . However , the brush available here is NOT boar bristle , but nylon . Yes , the description says this , but even so I must tell you the bristles are very thick and not of the same quality as the brush I was actually expecting . That is to say
 I have sampled the same perfume in Macy 's multiple times -LRB- before and after my purchase -RRB- and the one I got from Amazon does n't smell anything like that . I can only assume it 's old or stale . I could say this for most perfumes that my family purchased from Amazon . Better to stay away from Amazon when it comes to perfumes .
 Owned this stuff years and years and years ago . . Smelled great then and I wanted more . . but the spray mechanism broke back in the day after I used about 70 percent of the bottle ... This time it just arrived broke . . I understand that things wear out after time . . and that failures are bound to occur . . but why would a company put a great smelling cologne in a bottle that makes it virtually worthless . . it 's ridiculous . . will not buy again . .
 I bought two bottles of this and the spray top does n't work so they can not be used . Its sad because its my favorite and its stuck in the bottle . This is probably one of OP s biggest issues with it .
 I received a bottle of cologne that I ordered , but it arrived with a broken sprayer . Therefore , I can not do anything with the cologne . I emailed the company and Amazon my issue , yet received no response from either . I am pissed ! What do you do with a cologne that you ca n't get out of the bottle ? Please consumers , there are many places on Amazon to buy cologne from . Take it from me , do not buy anything from this company . Maybe they 'll get what 's coming to them and go out of business . They sold me a defective item , and no one bothered to apologize , fix the issue , or anything .
 I did a blind buy of this OP Juice and I must say it 's the worst smell ever for a cologne I tried . I should of listened to one of the negative reviews because this cologne smells like CELERY JUICE on crack .
 This cream did n't do a whole lot for me . I 'm not that wrinkled , in my early 50 's , not a lot of sun damage . But I did not notice any appreciable change in the appearance of myfine lines , even after 3 months of use . It does go on smoothly , and did not cause irritation or breakouts . Will likely try something different when this tube is used up .
 I used the whole tube and could not tell a difference in the eye & mouth fine lines . I would not buy again .
 I just found out they test on animals , my money -LRB- vote to promote this -RRB- is not going to that ! I now quickly Google any product , why should they do this if it 's `` Natural '' supposedly ? We do n't live in the stone ages , it is so barbaric and wrong !
 Good use as night lotion ! As creme does n't works as perfect care !? This is just a lotion in expensive tube !
 Neutrogena has a good reputation in its field . So , I 'm sorry to say I 'm disappointed by this night cream . It burned and irritated my skin . I ca n't use it and it 's not worth the trouble to return it . I trusted the Neutrogena name and I 'm sorry . I wasted my money .
 The product information says that it may cause some irritation , and it did . I 'll try using it once or twice a week , but I need a moisturizer I can use every night , so I wo n't buy this again .
 This applies smoothly and feels good on my skin right after application but it ends up making my skin feel oily and greasy . This breaks me out when I use it on my face but I do n't want to let the tube go to waste so I started using it on my neck . It does n't irritate my neck because my skin is n't as sensitive there .
 When I first got this product 1 month ago I felt like the texture felt great on my skin and I loved the fact that it is oil free . After 1.5 weeks of using this my face started to break out . I started off with 1 zit and now I can count 6 . I think it would be a great product for someone with dry skin but not combination or oily .
 I have been looking for something to use that was less expensive than the department store products I have been using . I used it for a little over a month and noticed that I was breaking out bad !!! My forehead looked horrible . I stopped using it immediately and after a couple of weeks my skin started to clear up and it is pretty much back to normal ow . I am 30 and have a few wrinkles and am looking to prevent any more future -LRB- to a degree -RRB- wrinkles .
 TERRIBLE !!!! I 've never broke out like this before !!!! : / so upset . Would NEVER recommend !! Threw the product away . So disappointing . Wasted money : -LRB-
 I purchased this bc I read it was a good OTC retinol product . It did n't work well for me at all . I much prefer Neutrogena Tone Correcting Serum and cream . The tone correcting serum also has retinol and I had typical retinol effects with that one , which is what I was hoping for with this product : I wil not repurchase this unless it was on super sale , lol . However , I will purchase the Tone Correcting serum again as that provided better retinol results than this did .
 I am disappointed with the product despite reading how good it is ... It contain sodium lauryl sulfate which not only create the rich lathering foam but it also take away the moisture from the top layers of the skin . I have very sensitive skin with frequent outbreaks of pimple and this product make it worse !!!
 I was very exicited to receive this product based upon its reviews . I was shocked to see how big it is in person . Seriously ... the handle is probably 3 times the size of any curling iron I 've ever used . It was so difficult to manage because of its size that I had to return it . It just makes me wonder why the manufacturer could n't make it a smaller size like other hot air brushes . I only wish I could attach a picture to a review so that you could see it in comparison to another object -- it 's huge !!
 I never received this item . It was out of stock . I never received a refund for the order . I am out $ 14.00 for this product and would like to know when I will receive my refund . The seller told me it is Amazon 's responsibility to refund it , yet I have no idea how to get in touch with Amazon.com to go about getting my money refunded.I am an avid purchaser on Amazon.com and this particular issue has been a very unpleasant experience .
 I feel it is like a water . There is no fragrance in it . It 's not worth to have it .
 i was unable to receive this product at my home address and was unable to put my po box number for it
 I have used this products for 6-7 years and always loved it , until today ... I ordered this from Amazon and received it a few days ago . First I noticed a new label on the tub . OK , but then as I scooped out my first scoop I noticed a color change . . instead of being the color of something like Nestle Quik powder my protein was a very light shade of tan ... bad sign . Still , I gave it a chance . . after mixing and tasting I felt duped ! Different texture and WEAK flavor - where did my rich Cocoa flavor go ? I could have picked this product out of a blind test after having it every day for that many years ... . the new version is awful ... did I just get a bad batch ? HELP .
 Do n't be fooled by the label `` great tasting '' . When mixed this stuff tastes terrible ! If you want something better tasting `` Muscle Milk '' is the way to go .
 Do n't be fooled by the label `` great tasting '' . When mixed this stuff tastes terrible ! If you want something better tasting `` Muscle Milk '' is the way to go .
 I have been using this product for almost 2 years now and when I received my tub with the new label , I noticed that it has 120 calories . The `` old '' label listed 90 calories . On Amazon 's website it lists 96 calories - which is correct ? It may not sound like much of a difference , but it needs to be accurate . What else is incorrect ???
 Altho ' they 're `` cuticle scissors '' , I multi-task . Because of their size & ease of handling , they 're perfect for any precision job on hair , eyebrows even removing hang tags in garments without fear of clipping material . Oh , and yes , they 're great for cuticles too ! Worth every penny !! Have used others ... this investment is for a lifetime !
 These cuticle scissors should be renamed just scissors as they are way too big a blade to cut cuticles on women in my opinion .
 I swallowed the high price thinking I was getting great scissors . Not so . They leave a rough cut on my thumbnails and do not cut easily at all . Toe nails worse . I feel ripped off .
 Reason for my dislike is because it smudges so easy . By the end of the day your eyes look like you 've rubbed them while having all this eyeliner on.Also the eyeliner does not go on so smoothly you have to keep pressing and going over the line .
 The pencil does not glide on like it should . Do you need a special sharpener ? Would not buy again . Waste of money
 I 've been dyeing my hair with henna for about two years now . I saw that Avigal came in burgundy and decided to give it a try.Big mistake.The henna does n't mix well so giant globs of the stuff wind up everywhere except your hair . Trying to get your hair fully covered is nearly impossible . Worst of all , my hair came out nowhere close to burgundy . This henna took me from a nice bright red with dark blonde roots to an all-over murky chestnut brown . I 'll go back to getting my henna from hennaforhair.com from now on . And if you are new to using henna , do n't start with this crap . Get real henna , or if you want to go black , do a henna and indigo mix at home.Avoid this stuff like the plague .
 this is not such great product . You ca n't feel the cold through all that fluffy cover , the insert is not flexible , so it does n't cool eyes that well , I would n't buy it again .
 The inner pack shrunk when heated in a pan of warm water . Plastic never regained its shape , now it 's useless . Outer cover still in good shape , looking for something to fit inside to replace what it came with .
 I bought this because I had used some samples that really seemed to be effective after just 3 weeks , but when my purchase arrived in the mail , not only was the consistency different from the sample , I began to notice that the small amount of hair growth I had experienced from using the sample , went away and I started losing even more hair . The shampoo did seem to help hinder hair loss , which is why I give it two stars , but the treatment ` gel ' has left me with significantly less hair after 6 months . I do n't want to risk losing more , so I stopped using it . I was concerned that what was in the bottle was n't the same thing as what was in the sample . Wish I could get a refund and get my hair back .
 was excited to get this - to my disappointment , is plastic case over glass pump . The cover is always slipping off the pump because of the plastic insert in cover goes over the metal pump but does not stay . Opens up in your purse or bag and leaks . You can get all metal case over glass with a cover that clicks or twists at Sephora for the same price and ceramic cases from Canada for 18-25 US Dollars . Suggest spending your money elsewhere on this one , cost not the worth the while to return . Gave to my granddaugter with lemon water - she loves it .
 I was very dissapointed with the service ... The product case was broken , scratched ... . And box seems was opened before , there wasnt original packing tape ...
 Great product . Bad service . Chose one day shipping and did not get product till 3 days later . why pay extra for shipping speed if they dont honor it ? also checked that this was a gift . they included the invoice with product price with the item and the person i got it for saw it when they opened it . thanks for nothing . beware of this seller !
 Hi , I ordered Bobbi Brown 's body lotion and it came opened , not in a sealed box as it should , when you buy it at the local department store . I believe this company buys the `` returns '' from high-end dept. stores and re-sells them . That is why the product is never new and why a tiny bit of the product was already used . I was very disapointed with the quality of the product , as I do not find used cosmetics/fragrances hygenic.Be aware !! that is why they can sell it to you at a discounted rate!But I 'd honestly want to pay the $ 7 - $ 10 more , to have a clean NEW product.I will never order from them again!Best regards , M.
 The Tutti Dolci Fantasia Di Cioccolata 2.5 oz is VERY small and NOT worth the money that they advertise on amazon . Also , I did not like the packaging . . there was no covering over the product which made me a little suspicious of who used the product before I purchased it.MLB
 I got the lotion and the perfume as a gift , they do n't even smell alike !!! The lotion smells like a strong smelling perfume that has the scent of flowers and burnt rubber .
 Although the lotion has a nice aroma , the ingredients do not have any that would be moisturizing . I think this product should be advertised as a perfumed cream rather than a ` lotion ' . All there are in the ingredients are a bunch of chemicals . And I also hate to think that it may have been tested on animals .
 This was my first time buying a facial brush . There was n't anything too fancy about this one . I did n't care so much for the texture of the brush . I have pretty sensitive skin and so it was a little on the rough side for me . It was a nice sized brush and the fan style was fine , but again , the material of the brush was too harsh . I do n't think I would recommend this to a friend . I guess you get what you pay for .
 At the end of an 8 hour day , i end up with a line of color next to my eyeliner , i was really hoping that this product would stay put !!!
 Awful ! This soap has changed dramatically from the time I last bought some about a year ago . There is barely any peppermint scent and it has gone from a watery consistency that lathered quite a bit to a slimy feeling soap that left a nasty feeling on my skin . I do n't remember there ever being any `` hemp ' in the product so I guess that 's the change that , as far as I 'm concerned , has made this recent purchase a big disappointment.Yuck !
 I purchased this product because of the relatively large presence of positive reviews . I 'm writing this review to give another perspective . This product is far too heavy for hair that is on the thinner side . If your hair falls into this category , I would recommend D : Fi from this same brand .
 At first opening , this is a great product . Its a very light hair cream that gives you a messy look without the wet , gelish look . However , in a matter of a few weeks , the appearance and texture of the cream gets pretty dehydrated and hard to get out and rub into your hair . On my first can , I thought it was just me being careless about tightly closing -LRB- not easy to do with wet hands . -RRB- On my second can , I was nuts about closing it tightly . It did n't make much of a difference . I think this product would do well with a better container , and at the price you are paying , I think its fair to ask for that . I ca n't recommend this until they have a better airtight system .
 If you look on lid it says 85 grams . It should say 100 grams for 3.53 oz . which is boldly shown in title of product . Thought this was too cheap for the amount and now I know why . Was shipped fast but like I said not the correct amount was received .
 i Bought the polo sport perfume from AAA merchants . Bad choice . It looks just fine , in the box and everything , but the smell ... ughhh . I 've been wearing this fragance for many years because i like it a lot but i decided to buy it through them online . The fragance doesnt last and it doesnt quite smell the same . I hate this cheap smell of this one i bought from them . They say they only sell 100 % authentic . . blah blah heyyy i know what im saying !! I cant return it since i live in another country and the shipping will cost more than what i payed for which was $ 35 or so . My girlfriend just purchased a Kenzo amour from AAA menrchants just recently , when i found out i wanted to kill her since i know it will be bad too .
 Nice fragrance I suppose , the major problem with it is that it seems to stick on whatever you spray it on for months -LRB- clothing wise and furniture wise -RRB- . Extremely pungent but not sharp at all , again it seems to have a rather persistent smell , a characteristic I 'm not too fond of.Within the last couple of years Ralph Lauren has changed their marketing strategy and it seems as though they are going for younger audiences , for the laid back type , for high school and young college students as opposed to adults ... this fragrance is no different , in fact given the price it seems to be following that line of thought to a `` T. `` I 'm actually quite surprised this product has n't come down in price recently the construction quality will undoubtedly make you think that it is n't a high end fragrance . There is no wearing this for formal affairs , instead it is made for everyday use ... some like it , I for one got sick of it and fast -LRB- probably something to do with that `` persistent '' or `` pungent '' characteristic , this coupled with the fact that Polo Sport is mellow and not sharp -RRB- . Comparing them I 'd say that Dunhill 's Desire is a far superior product
 NUNCA LLEGO A MI CASILLA EN MIAMI , HAN FALLADO LOS QUE TRAMITAN LA MERCADERIA , HE COMPRADO EN OTRAS TIENDAS Y HAN LLEGADO SIN NOVEDAD , NO RECOMIENDO LA TIENDA KAUFMAN
 I love this cologne for my husband ... the smell is great , but I am giving it a one star because of the `` false advertising '' . The listing states that it is Eau de Toilette spray , but what I got was aftershave . My husband will still use it , but it was not what he wanted . Just be careful that you order the correct one .
 It smells alright , not mind blowing like all the reviews , does n't last for more than three hours . I guess I could carry the bottle around with me and spray every three hours , not
 This is not White Shoulders and the name EVYAN is not on the box or container anywhere ... not even the small print . This is by a imitation manufacturer and a deception !
 After ordering this item and paying in full , it was promptly delivered to the wrong person , in another city-Scentopia was NO HELP AT ALL-they NEVER returned any of my calls - while UPS finally was able to retrieve the pkg and deliver it to me correctly-the perfume does smell a little different than the what it should-this company was so impossible to deal with and the customer service is nonexistant-I will NEVER ORDER FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN
 Frankly I just do n't like this perfume . It has that typical , cloying smell of perfume and smells rather strong , I think . Powerful floral fragrance should be the description on the perfume . If applied lightly it 's okay , but in my opinion very typical of a perfume smell . There does n't seem to be anything particularly unique or enticing in the fragrance.Sorry , but I would not recommend this perfume .
 I love this fragrance , and have had a hard time finding it anymore as Ralph Lauren stopped distributing it in stores . I was happy with the price point , and excited that after a few years I was able to get my signature scent back ; I am disappointed that every time I spray the perfume leaks out the sides of the top and gets all over my hand , making it difficult to apply .
 The item was much bigger and heavier than I expected , and did not dry hair so well . In addition , the retractable cord on my piece was not doing a very good job of retracting . The first hair dryer I bought after a year of borrowing hair dryers from roommates and so disappointing ! I would n't recommend it as there are probably much better hair dryers at this price .
 The hairdryer is fairly heavy and hard to hold in one hand because of the weight but also because of how big around the handle is . Given I used this for travel , it also took up more of the 50 lb baggage limit that the airline gave me . It did work great on 240 voltage though and did a good job performance-wise . Would I buy it again ? No .
 this hair dryer is definitely not suitable for travel or for drying hair . the air is extremely hot regardless of setting . it is very heavy and clunky .
 I am usually satisfied with any product I purchase from Amazon . I do not usually rate products . If it is a good product and I like it I will buy it again . If not , I wo n't . That says it all . Personally , I do n't like to be told to rate products or how many words I should use . Very often , I purchase a product and do n't use it for weeks , or I order it for someone or give it as a gift , and may have no idea how well the product works or not . So please , no reminder to rate products every time I purchase something . Thanks .
 I purchased this because I was looking for a curling iron that would give me waves , but not too much of a curl . It does n't really heat up as hot as I 'd like it to . . therefore , the curls do n't stay longer than about 30 minutes . I read great reviews on Hot Tools before buying . . maybe mine is defective . In my opinion , it 's not that great . Infra shine is a much better brand .
 Nice style curling iron but did not seem to be able to put the slightest curl in my hair . I have another kind the same size but much cheaper where I am able to get curl and body .
 It does curl my hair , but it 's not ceramic , I used low heat but it still fries my hair ...
 I was very enthusiastic upon awaiting for this curler and it turned out to be defective . What more can I say-Very disappointed !
 Power cord started to shore out a year and a half into use . I only use this at home and am not a stylist so it was n't heavy use . I called the company and the product is only warranted for a year . The replacement cost was $ 21 but buy the time you pay for shipping both ways what 's the point ? My revlon brand iron lasted many years longer . Needless to say I 'm disappointed since it 's suppose to be a professional item that it died after light home use .
 This product worked about 4 times , then stopped . I did n't pay a lot for it , so it 's not worth sending it back . I have a Hot Tools flat iron that works great , but this was a big disappointment .
 This product was supposed to be new and it had scratches all over it , there was also some sort of glue like substance that left alot of residue on your hands whenever you touched any part of it that was plastic
 I read the good reviews and bought it but it burnt my hair . I found it useless and very damaging to hair .
 I not happy with the product i recieved the curling iron and the handle had a sticy glue i have not hear from hot tools to mail it backI did send a email also
 Neither the curling results or iron itself are long lasting . The biggest annoyance was that it died on me after less than a year of using it once per week . I have had straightening and curling irons that have lasted 5 yrs + on average .
 I may just be stupid but I can curl my hair fine with a flat iron . I thought I 'd get this to add variety to the curls but it does not work . I have watched videos and tried everything . It does not work unless I keep it on my hair for an insane amount of time . Takes a long time to curl and does not get too hot though I burn my fingers often on it . Would not buy again or suggest .
 I ordered this product and received 3/4 inch product . It did n't come close to anything that I ordered and was of real poor quality . What were they thinking when they shipped the product . I will forget and keep the product and they will have made a good deal . I needed the hair curler in time for my daughter for certain occasion . I returned it and am hoping to receive the money back along with the shipping charges . Let us hope .
 I was really excited about getting this . It finally came and i opened it and tried it out . DIDNT WORK ! sure it gets hot and turns on but the point of a curling iron is to make curls right ? . it only flipped my hair because the second the curling iron let go of my hair it came undone . everyone in this house has tried it on my hair and no one can figure out why it isnt working the box says works on all hair types so why is mine the exception ? I KNOW its the curler thats cheap . it is made by helen of troy products which look cheap and are ! If i would have known then i wouldnt have wasted my time and money on this sucky product . I am getting a refund and no one can tell me otherwise !!!!
 The item was not what I wanted so I tried to get instructions for a return by both phone and email and get no response .
 I have not receieved this order yet ! Can you pelase update the expected ship date ?!
 I have really long , wavy , normal -LRB- nor thick nor thin -RRB- hair , and this curling iron is huge ! I was n't able to make a single curl on my hair !!! it only allows me to roll 3 times the hair on the iron , and no matter how long do I leave it on my hair it does n't curl at all !! leaves an awful wave on the hair , I even prefer my hair as it is . If you have medium or short hair do n't even think about it . I do n't recommend this product at all !
 Helen of Troy 1 inch jumbo curling iron , beware . Upon using this product , purchased within the last 30 days the thermostat must have suddenly burnt out and I lost a badly charred chunk of hair . The smell was disgusting and I will not trust that supposedly professional brand ever again .
 For two years , the 1102 did fantastic things for my wife 's hair , which consists of long and lustrous raven tresses . She was really happy with the product . Then , today , the power cord 's wiring separated at the rotating joining location of the iron . It shocked my wife and arc 'd a spark across the room . I was down the hallway and saw the spark , it was like a camera flashbulb had gone off . It scared the poop out of both of us . Not sure beautiful hair is worth electrocution .
 Purchased about 61/2 months ago and the spring just went out on it so it will not close to hold the hair .
 I loved this curling iron until it broke about 6 months later . It 's too bad because I had a curling iron that was ten to fifteen years old and it worked like a charm until it finally broke about a year ago . Ugh ... It 's so frustrating !!!!!
 That 's it , I ordered a 1 '' curling iron but I got a 3/8 '' and I ca n't return it because it 's already out of the US so it is n't under guarantee anymore . I did n't knew they sent me the wrong size until it was in my hands here , in my country.Nevertheless , the thing works perfectly . I already bought a 11/2 '' and it is amazing , I love it !! Those 2 stars are because now I have to wait for another chance that some acquaintance goes to the US , so as I will buy another curling iron -LRB- hoping they send me the right one this time ... -RRB- and this person will bring it to me when they are back in the country ... but only God knows when will that be ... Damn you , Hot Tools people and thank you , by the way!SORRY FOR MY ENGLISH !! : S
 i have somewhat long hair and wanted loose curls . this doesnt even do a wave . i was not impressed . even with hairspray it never had a curl . my hair is easy to work with and it just didnt work for me . it straightened more than anything . i guess its good for doing the bangs in front because who wants curly bangs .
 It is WAY too big . I dont need a iron that big so I returened it . I also ordered the izunami flat iron 1 inch at the same time which curls hair -LRB- loose or spiral -RRB- so I retured the curling iron . They dont exaggerate the word jumbo that IT IS !!!!!!!
 I never write reviews but in this case I had to.I will start with bad stuff ... In general the Extra Hot heat mode should NOT exist on this curling iron ... . I doubt that there is a person whose hair wont melt when it is subjected to such heat ... I accidentally turned the nob to the wrong side -LRB- towards extra hot -RRB- . Guess what , it dried my hair to the point that it did n't curl anymore ... and then when I touched , it it fell right off ... 2 inch long piece of a thick curl just fell right off ... . I understand that I had to realize that extra hot is EXTRA hot ... But seriously , such setting should not even exist ... . Oh , and I did not hold it for too long b/c I did n't want crazy spiral shapes ... just a little waviness.When I was trying to check the rest of my hair for melted/dried pieces my heart was racing and hands shaking ... . So , Girls be careful ... Overall , it curls nice , wide curls and does its job ... as long as its not on Extra hot setting .
 Length :
 After doing some research on Amazon I decided to ask for this curling iron for Christmas on my amazon list . My sister got it for me . I used it 4 times . The second time , on the lowest setting , it FRIED my hair . It is truly frizzled/fried in places , which is very distressing . After talking to my stylist and buying some heat protective spray , I tried it again . It seemed OK for 2 more uses , then stopped working entirely . The power indicator light goes on , but it does not heat up AT ALL . This happened right before an important professional meeting I had to travel to , which I had to attend with flat hair.Re-reading the reviews I see that other people have had a similar if not identical experience . It is probably the worst product I 've ever gotten . And I ca n't return it because it was a present plus I threw away the packaging . I recommend that you AVOID THIS PRODUCT . I will never buy a `` Hot Tools '' product again .
 I read all the reviews on Amazon for this curling iron and was so excited to receive it . However , as soon as I plugged it in I could tell something was off . I could n't tell if it was heated up all the way because it still felt warm ... so I waited 5 more minutes and no change ... in a lot of the reviews people said it only took 30 seconds to heat up ! Not mine ... after 15 minutes on the highest heat setting , I could still touch the barrell . So upset ! I got this curling iron to replace a bad quality Revlon brand one from the drugstore that barely curled my hair . But with this iron , I do n't see any difference.I am positive that Hot Tools is a great brand , but I 'm also convinced I got a knock-off . I ordered from the lowest-priced seller , which happened to be `` Amazon.com . '' If I were to do it over again , I would ORDER FROM A SMALLER SELLER . I was enticed by the free shipping , but I would pay shipping all over again just to get the real thing from a more legit seller . Be careful who you buy this iron from , you could get a knock-off !!!!
 I was excited to receive this after reading all the great reviews about it . I tried it and my curls were gorgeous at first , but after an hour they were barely wavy . At first I only used the TreSemme heat protectant spray , and later I tried hairspray and a curling mousse while using this curling iron at the hottest setting and holding it for 30 seconds on each curl . Even with all of that the curls would n't last more than an hour . This is my first curling iron so I ca n't say that it 's worse or better than other curling irons ... or maybe there 's something wrong with my hair . I hope the rest of you have better luck !
 Stopped working after 6 months . I bought this as a replacement because the one I had previously did the same thing in same amount of time .
 Good curling irons as far as quality . I bought these because I wanted to add little more body and bounce to my hair that flat irons can not do . They do n't look cheap or flimsy . I 've used it maybe 3 times and am quite impressed , however , I was a little irritated by the heating preferences . The heating element goes from 280 to 430 . I wish there was a lower setting than 280 . For me , 280 is just too hot . I am really big on hair health and I always try to use the lowest heat setting possible to prevent breakage or damage . . Perhaps if it went down to 200 , it would be better . These curling irons work very well but I am not very satisfied with the heating preferences so I will probably continue to look for something better .
 I purchased this curling iron back in September and the power control switch broke after 3 months of use . It is a little switch that you push forward and back to turn on or off and when I try to move it to the on part it just wo n't activate the curling iron . I use it everyday , but hardly would consider this good enough reason for the most important part of the curling iron to stop working . I would not purchase this item again . Curling irons I have used in the past lasted way longer than 3 months THEY LASTED YEARS ... they should n't have such a sensitive switch !
 I did n't get any curls from this . There were marks from the clamp left in my hair and it fried my hair into frizz . I got maybe 1 or two curls and that 's after trying to curl all my hair .
 I bought this curler for homecoming because everyone was saying how amazing it was but I was very dissapointed.My hair did n't curl beautifully and i had to spray it with tons of hairspray for the curls to stay by the time I got to the dance my hair looked wavy , and then half way through the dance my hair was pin straight again . So Disappointing .
 After several tries , I could not figure out why this iron will not curl my hair . So I exchanged it for a new one . New one will not curl my hair . Makes curls , curls go straight . My hair is not difficult to curl , and I can make it curly just by twisting it around my finger and waiting for it to dry -LRB- takes a long time to dry , though -RRB- . My old , broken curling iron that burns my fingers when I use it will set a curl into my hair that does not come out . Supposedly this one gets hotter . On a whim , I tested it with my Raytek Infrared Thermometer . The hottest part of this iron was 325F at the very center . Which should still be hot enough to make a curl that holds . Most of the rest of the wand was 285F . Since I 've had it too long now to return it , I may just take it apart and see if I ca n't `` fix '' it myself . Waste of money .
 I purchased this curling iron at a salon . Almost from the first use , I became aware of an obvious -- horrible -- design flaw
 Bought this curling iron about 3 months ago and the spring has alreadybroken . To use it , I have to manually push it closed . The spring , which looksvery cheap , actually shifted out of place . I tried to force it back to realigncorrectly , this worked for 1 day , and then it shifted back . This is the firsttime I have bought this brand and will never purchase from them again . All the othercurling irons I have had have lasted for years and years . Ca n't believe this onelasted only 3 months . What a waste of money ! Other posters here have also hadthe spring fail , so this is not an isolated problem . Do NOT buy this .
 The end cap melted off the end of the iron . Of course , this happened after the 90 day return period . Will attach picture so others can be warned before purchasing this product .
 I asked for the Hot Tools 11/4 '' curling iron for Christmas . I already have a much smaller one -LRB- maybe 1/2 inch , ca n't remember -RRB- , and it works wonderfully . I have very , very straight , reluctant , long hair , and even with a small one like that , I can roll a moderately sized section of hair on the highest heat setting and it makes very nice curls in a small amount of time . I wanted the 11/4 '' to make larger curls and waves , especially because my hair has gotten longer and I ca n't curl very high with a small one . I was SO upset and disappointed when I tried out my new curling iron and got barely any results at all . I put it on the highest setting -LRB- it 's supposed to go up to 450 degrees -RRB- and it barely curled the very bottom of each section . I tried holding the hair in for a long time , using really small sections , using hairspray ... nothing worked . I held up sections vertically from my scalp and tried curling to the very root , but it barely made the slightest suggestion of a wave , and I could make my hair straight again by just brushing it out with my hands once.I do n't know if this particular curling iron was defective and did n't actually get hot enough - it really did n't feel like 450 degrees to me . Overall I 'm just so surprised that the smaller one I have has more power and higher heat than this one . I 'm really really disappointed . This was the thing I was most excited about for Christmas , and I was looking forward to using it for work , but I think I 'm just going to have to send it back and find a different brand .
 My wife has had several of these and loves them - until the lever spring -LRB- that gives it the clamping action -RRB- fails . The spring has a little metal roller on it that - after repeated use - wears out and slides down to the base of the spring . When that happens the clamping action of the lever is gone . They maker obviously knows about the design flaw because they include one extra spring in the box . That 's great if you did n't throw it out with the box and are handy enough -LRB- and have a screwdriver -RRB- to replace it when needed . Unfortunately , the spring seems to wear out after ~ 6 months of daily use.Like many others I 'm getting tired of throwing things out prematurely so at my urging my wife is looking for another brand this time around . Problem is they all seem to be made in China - which is where the quality seems to be the most questionable . Any brand suggestions ?
 I usually never do this , write reviews , but I hate this curling iron i 've owned it for a week now . I curl my hair everyday and this curling iron does n't hold the curl . I decided to buy it for a replacement and after seeing the great reviews I thought okay i 'll give a try , I have a Hot Tools straightner for 5 years already and it still works like the first day I bought it but this curling iron for me is a disapointment .
 This was a replacement curling iron . I had the exact one and was extremely happy with it for several years . The spring broke on my first one and it would no long hold my hair when I used it . The new iron spring already sounds like it is going to break . Sometimes it does n't hold my hair and I have to force it to close . I do n't think it will last long at all !! This was not a good purchase !!
 I was excited to start curling when I read all the fantastic reviews , but my curling iron simply stopped working two weeks after I bought it . Really poor quality .
 I was very disappointed with this curling iron . I 've used Hot Tools before and liked them because they get VERY hot , VERY quickly . This particular unit fell apart 3 days after I received it . The spring mechanism is not designed well . Whenever there 's an issue , -LRB- and I 've owned at least 5 of these curling irons in different sizes -RRB- it usually has to do with the spring or the sliding ball under the thumb grip . I plan to return this unit to Amazon and get another , hoping this was just an isolated case .
 Brand new out of package and does n't turn on or work . Frustrating . What a waste of time and money !
 its hard to curl my hair , have to wait about a min to let my hair curl and its expensive dones n't worth the money do not buy it . .
 This iron was great until it died today . I purchased this just 2 years ago and used it maybe once a week . I have other curling irons I 've had 10 years that still work - and they were cheaper ! I 'm am extremely disappointed , given the high ratings and the apppearance of high quality of this product . I am bummed !
 I bought this curling iron in June 2010 . I use it once a day most days . I loved using it until last month , it stopped working . There may be a short , because if I fuss with it , I can get it to turn on sometimes . Looks like I 'm throwing it in the trash . I 'm frustrated , my cheaper low end irons have lasted 5 + years ... this Hot Tools iron lasting only 20 months ... lame .
 I heard so many wonderful things about this curling iron and so I decided to disregard the few bad reviews and go for the purchase . Unfortunately , the thing works maybe 15 % of the time . When I plug it in , I pray that the light will come on and I can do my hair . Most of the time it does n't . Since this happened to a few other reviewers , it seems that my bad iron is not a fluke . I would return it and make a big stink but I have neither the time nor the patience .
 This curling iron gets very hot and makes very nice curls . I liked it so much I bought a smaller size too and was considering buying a medium sized one . Then one day while I was curling my hair , it popped and began to smoke . It no longer works . I expect a product like this to have a longer life that the one year I got out of it . It was MADE IN CHINA and so maybe I should have expected that it was not a quality product . In general CHINESE quality control is n't very good or does n't exist at all . Lesson learned .
 I have coarse Asian-American hair . While it takes some effort to curl it , it will hold a curl with certain styling aides . My daughters have much finer hair - not baby fine but certainly finer than mine . This curling iron did n't do a thing for our hair . We tried the lowest heat setting , the highest , curling just the bottom of our hair and winding nearly all the way up . No curls at all . I should have returned it but forgot to ... now I 'll just sell it at our next yard sale .
 it also melted my hair off within seconds of using it . ive never experience hair melting before , so either this is way to dangerous , or . . way to dangerous.RETURNING NOW .
 I like this curling iron in every aspect except for the fact that the handle is now gooey and stuck with hair , and nothing I have tried will take it off . It 's going in the trashcan . Sorry Hot Tools ! Try another type of plastic .
 I read the reviews on this iron about people with fine hair having a lot of good luck with this curling iron , so I was sad when it did n't work for me . Even though I did n't expect the curl to last long , even with a ton of hairspray and all the other tricks I 've tried over the years , my hair was completely flat in less than 30 minutes . Other curling irons have at least left a little curl on the ends and the look of hair that 's been curled that day . I got neither from this iron . I would not recommend it , and am probably going to return it or try to sell it to someone else .
 I bought this curling iron hoping to achieve the celebrity `` wave '' . Like this -LSB- ... -RSB- I have straight , fine , hard to curl , medium-long length -LRB- bra length -RRB- hair . I sprayed my dry hair with hairspray lightly , and curled , in sections , like every tutorial says to do but my result was not successful . It flipped out the ends of my hair and thats it . No curl , no wave . Two hours later my hair was FLAT.Maybe I 'm doing something wrong ? But I think this iron is just too big . I returned it and purchased the 1-14 '' iron . Maybe the 1/4 '' will make a difference ? Or maybe someone can give me some tips ?
 Hi the item that I have received was bent , looks used , and also shortage of connection . I was not happy at all . Ill like to know what is the process of returning my item as in how long would it take and what is the cost .
 AWFUL EXPERIENCE ! Used curling iron for the first time on low heat and FRIED my hair right off ! The second time I tried to turn it on , it no longer heated up . Must have been a short in the curling iron or it was defective . I 'm out the money I paid since it was opened from the package & still do n't have a working curling iron ... Will never purchase Hot Tools again !!!!!
 Based on the reviews , I thought this purchase was a no-brainer , but this curling iron just does n't work in my hair . I 've used other curling irons for nearly twenty years for spirals , waves , etc. , and have always gotten good hold until this one . I 'm completely perplexed by this because I 've never had issues in the past . It 's definitely getting hot , but my hair comes off the rod nearly straight , and what little curl there is -LRB- when there is any at all -RRB- falls right out within a minute or two . I wanted this for body , not curls , but it does n't even do that . And yes , I 've tried adding my styling products both before and after ; it makes absolutely no difference . Bummer .
 initiially , the item worked wonderfully !! I LOVED this iron ... . Then one day , after approximately 21/2 months it just stopped getting hot . I made sure it was plugged in to a working outlet and was turned ON - but nothing ... wouldnt even get warm . The orange &#34; ON &#34; indicator light was illuminated and i even tried different temperature setings ... still nothing . Debating on whether or not to buy the exact same or switch to a different brand : /
 This iron is a bit on the heavy side and snagged and pulled my hair and left it dry dull and lifeless , i actually had parts that looked burnt and crumbled to the touch and i was not even to the extremely hot setting , this is just a metal barrel the gold blah blah is non sense , i have a paul mitchell straightner which is soo smooth and adds shine to my hair probably i ll try the curling iron from same brand .
 I 've had three of these Hot Tools 11/4 curling irons through the years . The first one was absolutely fantastic for many years . It stayed hot and the spring was strong . Finally the spring gave out . I ordered a replacement spring , which lasted less than a month , as it was no where near as strong as the original spring -LRB- plus it was very difficult to get the spring attached correctly -RRB- . So I bought a another curling iron , but it did n't last a year . The spring gave out and would n't hold the hair tight . I did n't bother replacing the spring based on my previous experience doing so.In the fall of 2010 , I replaced that 2nd iron with yet another one identical to it . And today , after about 6 months of use , the spring on this one gave out and wo n't clamp down on the hair at all.I 'm here on Amazon to find a new brand , and I 'm willing to pay more . I wo n't purchase HotTools any more . That first curling iron I purchased from HotTools years ago was priced around $ 60 to $ 75 . Now they 're going for a lot less , but I do think they 've skimped on quality along with the price drop.If you do n't mind buying a very hot curling iron every 6 months , then this is the curling iron for you . Otherwise , I suggest you keeping shopping for other brands with better quality .
 The problem with this hair curler is in the cord to the curler connection method . This is the second one that has had the same problem , intermittent power when the cord is wiggled . It may be useful for the cord to swivel around , but it is a problematic design . The end of the cord is connected to the iron using two coiled wires that tranmit power . If a break occurs in the cord inside this end then the power is intermittent . Hot Tools refuses to sell a replacement cord which would easily fix the problem since the iron is fine otherwise . Just want you to buy a new one with the same flaw . Look for another brand .
 *** UPDATE ! **** I was very happy with my new curling iron ... until it died only a few months after I had purchased it -- it died in February , around Valentines Day . I mean , died as in completely dead , right before I was to leave on a trip -LRB- I went out of town sporting some really flat hair -RRB- . I plugged it in one day and it remained cold as ice . I tried different outlets around my home to see if the GFI had tripped . But no , it was the iron . Keep in mind , I only used it two or three times a week in a home setting where it was plugged in for no more than 30 to 45 minutes at a time.Like most Americans , I am no longer surprised by what I call `` The -LRB- Made In -RRB- China Syndrome , '' where electrical appliances have become almost disposable in nature . But even though I 'm not surprised by these short-lived appliances , I am getting really sick of it . It 's not so bad when a manufacturer will stand by their product and replace it without a hassle or undue cost . But that is not the case with HOT TOOLS . Their `` warranty '' consists of the consumer paying the shipping to send the item to them , PLUS enclosing a $ 5 check for return shipping , unless you live in CA where apparently they can not legally charge you the $ 5 return shipping -LRB- all states should adopt this policy -RRB- . I took the iron to the USPS where they told me it would cost just under $ 10 to return it . Plus I would have to send that other $ 5 in . So , it would cost me $ 15 to get a replacement for an item that is undoubtedly defective.I am thinking about going ahead and sending it back simply because I am sick of buying electrical products with what I have deemed are bogus warranties . Manufacturers realize that the expense and hassle of enforcing the warranty is probably not worth it.I am also getting tired of `` The China Syndrome . '' If manufacturers insist on having their products made in China , they should step up quality control or offer a consumer-friendly warranty . Many companies do.Aside from going through the warranty process , Hot Tools is on my list of `` never buy again . '' From now on , I will investigate a warranty before I buy anything electrical or stick to those reputable companies that offer a consumer-friendly warranty.Here is my original review : This has been one of the best buys I 've made from Amazon.I always use `` professional '' curling irons at home on my unruly beach hair because they have higher heat settings , and that 's what it takes to make any kind of lasting difference with my hair.When my 1.5 inch curling iron died after 6 years of daily use , I began looking to replace it . I considered paying close to $ 100 for a popular brand name , but after reading the description and reviews on this Hot Tools , decided to go with it instead , and at a substantial savings . Boy am I glad I did ! This curling iron heats up in a flash and has/does everything I need . There is an adjustable heat setting and a swivel cord so styling is easy . There is no auto-off feature , which I like , so that the curling iron does n't turn off if I ca n't get right to it -LRB- just have to remember to turn it off before leaving the house ! -RRB- . The 1.5 inch barrel is perfect for my mid-length hair . Like most people , I 've tried turning my flat iron under to get a little bit of bounce or shape , because I do n't look good with stick-straight hair . But a flat iron just does n't do as good a job as a big-barreled curling iron and sometimes leaves a line . I also use a curling iron close to the roots to give my hair some lift , which I have n't been able to do with a flat iron . For everyday hair , it takes me about 5 to 7 minutes to get the look I want . For special occasions , I use small sections and setting `` product '' to do big , loose curls . It takes longer , maybe 20-25 minutes , but a 1.5 inch curling iron like this produces an excellent result.In short , this curling iron does everything I need it to do at a fraction of the price of that more expensive brand . What more could I ask for in a curling iron ?
 This is a perfume I wore years ago and loved . When using it upon receipt , there was an immediate and scary allergic reaction where my lips burned , my tongue was coated and my breathing was shallow.Over the years the recipe for this fragrance has been changed for the worse.Be careful if you buy it .
 I ordered this for my daughter for Christmas . I think it looks cheap and the magnification side is distorted . Should have ordered a mirror with a light . Tried using it a couple of times , now it just collects dust!Could have got a better deal and nicer mirror at Bed Bath & Beyond !
 so maybe it is because i 'm VERY white , but it did n't seem to me that this lotion worked at all . it did however make me smell delightful.other than that , i was n't happy with the purchase .
 I used this lotion for 3 weeks with minimal results , I was starting to think I was one of those people that are n't able to obtain a tan in a tanning bed ... . then I got worship me ... and wow ! results in 2 days ! I could n't believe I wasted my time , money , and skin on spellbound ... I was sad to see it did n't work ... I wish it would have . Well at least it smelt good .
 They lotion actually seemed to cause me to lose my tan . I dont know why ? I usually use a tanning product with tingle so i dont know if it had anything to do with it . After purching this i used for about 2 weeks and was getting lighten instead of darker . I went to Sallys and purchased a bottle of lotion for $ 10 and it works great !
 Yes ! I know many people is going to think that I should n't put one star if I did n't try this product but people should be aware that this seller sucks ! , after one month and a half I did n't get my product at all ! even though I sent many e-mails , not even a `` umm ... Sorry ? '' . Thank God Amazon policies are awesome and we can rely on them in case that a crappy seller like this guy does stuff like this .
 This lotion is a waste of money . I 've been using it for a month now using the same tanning bed I 've always used and I feel like I 'm not getting any darker then I use too . If anything I feel like I 'm not getting dark at all . I 'm definately gunna go back to buy the cheap stuff at Target because this was a waste of $ 35 .
 I purchased this product to use with the tanning bed and a couple hours after use I broke out into a rash . I do get a nice tan with this product but I have to take a shower right after the tanning bed which is a pain if you have plans afterwards . If you are able to use self tanners regularly than you will be fine with this product and get great results . If you have sensitive skin like me be prepared to have to shower right after use .
 I received my order in a fashionable time . Very unhappy with the quality of this item . There is no fragrance . I do n't know how to go about getting my $ 45 back .
 Okay , I recieved this , after never having smelled it before , And when I first smelled it . . I was n't sure how I felt about it . I liked it , but at the same time I was n't sure about it , there was just something about it that turned me off a little , but overall i thought it was pretty good . So i waited about 5 days , sprayed it in my room a few times to see if I could come to a decision on weather I really liked it or not.the 6th day I STILL could n't make up my mind so I was like screw it I 'm wearing it.I 'm in 11th grade , just so you know , theres a lot of good comments on this perfume so maybe its more of a scent that mature adults like?Anywho , so I wore it , I sprayed it on me at about 8:15 , and got to class at 8:30 . A girl name hannah came in the room and said `` Mmm did someone spray something ? , it smells good '' so ahhh , I felt confident and happy.THEN matthew came in and said `` GOD IT SMELLS LIKE SOAPY -LRB- a word for butt -RRB- IN HERE ! '' . . so yeah.I did n't wear it for awhile after that . but I have started wearing it a bit again . . -LRB- I do n't want all my money to go to waste -RRB- What I 've noticed is that EVERY girl whos said something about it has liked it , BUT I 've had a lot of rude comments from guys on the smell , only about 2 have said something nice.To me , I want to wear perfume that smells good . And since I 'm a straight female I want something that I like the smell of and guys like the smell of . Which men do not find this sent attractive at least the ones my age . Hope I helped anyone my age ! : -RRB- Like I said I think this is more of a scent that both men and women who are mature and in there mid 20s would like .
 I 've purchased this particular perfume at department stores for a few years now since the fragrance smells great -LRB- fresh , does n't make you want to sneeze -RRB- , and decided to get it from Amazon since it was cheaper . It does n't smell exactly like the one in stores -LRB- although it smells similar -RRB- , which makes me think it could be fake -LRB- or watered down ?? -RRB- . The perfume fades quickly which is strange since I 've only needed a spray or two of this perfume in the past , and it stays on for a long time . I would n't buy this from Amazon again , and would n't recommend anyone buy this from Amazon .
 BLUF - Do NOT buy this from Amazon ; there is no way to get your money back ! My wife has been wearing Lauren for years and has loved it -LRB- and I love it on her -RRB- . I decided to get it for her from Amazon as a gift because I had Amazon Prime . What she got smelled nothing like the original perfume - it smelled a LOT like the anti-ant spray we use on the patio . What is amazing is that she says it even smells WORSE than the super-cheap knock-off version being sold out of the back of a trunk at a flea market for $ 5 . I am out of 70 bucks and in the doghouse with my wife . At least I can use it to keep ants -LRB- and any other self-respecting bug -RRB- off of our patio !
 I really wanted to surprise my wife for Christmas , as this was her signature fragrance . Yet after the first spray from the freshly opened bottle she knew something was terribly wrong . Lauren used to have a spicey and exotic fragrance , complex yet alluring , or in a word - mysterious . The bottle I purchased from Amazon smells like kerosene mixed with bug spray ! I really should have listened to other reviewers . To make matters worse , Amazon policy does not allow the return of liquids considered hazardous , and that means this perfume ! So now I am out $ 50 , my wife is quite upset , and in the future we will take our perfume purchases elsewhere .
 I ordered the product shown here but it was NOT what I received ... Also there was NO paperwork enclosed with the product on how to contact anybody regarding this mistake ... . I am extremely unhappy with this and need to know how to get this corrected ???? I was sent men 's spray and not women 's like what is shown ...
 Got this for my wife for Christmas . She knows what 's it 's supposed to smell like , and she thought it smelled wrong . No way to return it , so now I 'm out thirty five dollars.Never order perfume on-line ; you ca n't return it .
 This perfume stinks , , its not Ralph Lauren , , as we know it . . False advertising at its worstCant get a refund either , , , so unfair
 I too was disappointed with a recent purchase of Lauren . I wore it in the 80 's , and when I tried the `` new '' stuff I was sorely disappointed . It is NOTHING like the Lauren that I remember .
 my wife thought it didnt have the ver same strong smell when you buy it in a macy stopre
 The product arrived on time , but was leaking despite the packaging . I guess it just goes to show you should n't purchase perfume online
 Not like the Lauren I remember . Unless perhaps it 's been sitting around since the 70s or 80s and has completely changed scent .
 This iron worked ONCE and that 's it . Now it wo n't heat up at all , even at the highest setting . Waste of money .
 I bought this after reading some reviews saying this was a fast and easy way to change up your hair style . I opened this as soon as it came . I have long , straight hair so I needed a change ! Sadly , this did not work at all . It also came with no instructions . I could see some wave in my hair when I first started but by the time I got to the other side of my head the wave was gone from the side I started with . By the time I got done with all of my hair it looked frizzy and like I just woke up . I 'm Very disappointed . I was thinking about returning it but I 've decided to look online for a video on how to use it . Hopefully it will work out better ! At this point i would n't recommend this to anyone .
 I bought this barrel waver with high hopes , and really pleased with the price . The reviews gave me the extra boost I needed to buy , but upon receiving this product I was enormously disappointed . Even at the highest heat setting , and allowing it to reach that temperature , this tool did not wave my -LRB- very fine -RRB- hair , regardless of my testing it on one inch and one and a half inch sections . It did create frizzy , weird kinks that reminded me of wrinkles in fabric . Not at all attractive . I gave it a fair trial , using it to style my whole head before giving up and blow drying my hair straight again . No way I could go out looking like that.The product is also rather heavy , it did not cause me any discomfort but the weight made it twice as unwieldy as it would have been normally . I found myself contorting into odd positions to clamp my hair properly.I 'm sending mine back tomorrow .
 I got this waver just a couple minths ago and it seemed ok , the waves take for ever to form and they eventually fall out or get tangled ugly . This iron is soooo heavy you get tired of counting to 30 for each wave ! So I researched and went and sprung for the Infiniti conair crimper ! Pay the extra money and get what is better for sure !!! AWESOME Infiniti CONAIR it is light , waves are perfect and created in a 5 second time frame and it is super light , so dont waist your money on this crimper , its a pain in the ACE !!!
 I received this on time , however , the waver does not work . The light turns on , but it puts out zero heat . Sadly , i threw away the packaging , so i will be eating this one .
 Product does n't heat up hot enough . Barely makes wave , then they go away as soon as you step outside . It 's definitely a waste of money .
 I wanted a waver to control my curls not straighten my hair . I was going for a wavy tousled look . The waver made my hair straighter and it worked a little bit with gobs of curling mousse . It just would n't hold the wave . I 'll try a few other curling products with then , if it does n't work out it is being donated .
 I was shocked and i feel disappointed ! because the Waver arrived damaged and my first time when i used It 's the wire was a move then it 's Turns off Waver when i move it again right and left Turns On ?? then it 's Smoke comes out of it i think it 's because the Heat and it 's normal thing then i heard Electric spark and smell of smoke then i think it 's normal Because it 's new !! are this original Waver . i read about it and many people like it ? I 'm Surprised May cause harm for me ? also very sad what i do : -LRB-
 I was so excited when I got this product that I decided to immediately use it on my hair . My excitement soon turned to frustration . The barrels never got hot enough . . I was able to touch the barrel with my hand without burning myself . Needless to say no `` beachy '' looking waves were left impressioned in my hair . -LRB- And I have fine stright hair . . the easiest to manipulate -RRB- The design of the product is quite horrible . It is heavy and the square-shaped handle make it very uncomfortable to use . Do n't bother !
 I bought the Jumbo Waver yesterday . It never heated up even once . Exchanged it today and the new one does n't heat up . Right out of the packaging . Now , I 'll have to go back to the store and return it . I thought Revlon was a good company . What has happened to their quality control ?
 I bought this product recently . I 've to say , it doesnt get hot enough so waves wont stay on . But , ironically , the outside face of the bottom plate -LRB- not the two barrels but the opposite part -RRB- gets extremely hot and since is a wide area , it 's easy to get burn .
 I bought this waver at Walmart a month ago and loved it . Yesterday I went to use it and the handle just snapped completely off !!! I called Revlon to complain that their `` Made in China '' product was cheap and she informed me that I could pay for shipping to mail it to them and they would send me a replacement . Luckily I still have my receipt and will be returning it to Walmart . I will be buying a better one , not some `` Made in China '' piece if JUNK !!!!
 I do n't know what everyone is talking about with these good reviews ! This stupid thing is useless ! It barely put any waves in my hair . In fact , it just made it look like my hair was a mess , and not in that deliberate , sexy way . I got slightly better results when I tried it on really thin sections of hair , but the results were still pretty ugly . Save your money for the salon ! This tool is a waste .
 This product is cheap made , waited 21 days for this item to arrive and opened up the oversized packaging box and found no coushining in the box to protect the product , of course the product was broke . I was very unhappy and mad this was supposed to be a christmas gift but as seen above arrived 4 days after christmas . Do n't buy this cheap piece crap and do n't rely on the tracking either they say its somewhere but its really somewhere else . Never again i will purchase a product like this .
 I bought the product from the site last month on 5 \ 8 \ 2011 . Then I refused the order . After that the money cut from my account and until now I did not get the my money and did not get the order .
 I bought this thinking it would make cute waves in my hair . I did n't like it because it 's too big and clunky and I was n't crazy about the kind of waves it made . I will just let my hair air dry and keep my natural curls/waves .
 When I bought this product , it worked AMAZING . I have really long , thick hair and it still gave me great waves . I loved this waver the first month I had it . However . . after that first month it stopped heating up and it no longer works . I tried messing around with the heat dial , letting it heat up for an hour , nothing worked . I was very angered by this because it was such a great waver . I have another waver , but the crimps just are n't as large and flowing . I am hesitant to purchase another one of these because I am afraid that one will stop working as well , seeing that a friend of mine also had the same problem with hers , and after reading another review on here about the same problem .
 I like the look this iron gives my hair but it takes a while and it is awkward and bulky to use . Be preared to burn yourself quite a few times in the begining while learning how to manipulate the iron in order to achieve the best results . The wave look only lasted a few hours in my hair as well . Also , I only had it for about 2 months , using it maybe every other week and it just stopped working . It turns on but does n't get hot anymore . I would not recommend this product after using it . I just ordered another brand after reading its reviews so I hope it workes better than this one did . It will give your hair a wave look if you go slow and use small sections but as for quality and easy to use I have to say that it fails ...
 While this does get very hot and will provide a nice wave on long hair it will not last long . I am a hair stylist and I used it about 4 times and it stopped heating up . Wo n't waste my money again . Looks like others on here have complained about it breaking as well .
 This is the second waver I have ordered from Revlon in 3 weeks . My daughter uses it once , twice , maybe three times and the handle just breaks right off . This morning she had her hair half waved , and had to get a pot holder to hold the clamp shut so she could finish her hair before school . She loves what the waver does , but this design is so poor ! The plastic is too weak for the weight of the appliance . I thought the first one breaking was a fluke ; so I re-ordered the same one ... with the same results . Not again , we will try a different brand !
 Keeps shutting off . When I squeeze the handle to close the barrels together , the on/off switch is directly underneath it and shuts it off . Works GREAT when I can keep it on
 I was really excited to use this waver . I am always look for ways to get that beachy , wavy hair , however this waver did n't really do that . It did wave my hair , however it left my hair kinda frizzy and really poofy . I have asian hair that is about medium thickness . I like more subtle and uneven waves , which is why this product was n't good for me . I have watched other reviews about this product , and it seems to work for a lot of people . I just did not like how the waves looked too perfect and even . If you are looking for really big wavy hair this product is for you , but if you want that unruly beachy wave . . this may not be the right product .
 The product heats up fast and creates beautiful waves but you get what you pay for . I had this item for a week and after using it several times , the stand and handle broke . It snapped right off . The ceramic is really cheap and I do n't think it can handle a lot of heat . The iron is also pretty heavy . I would recommend paying a bit more for another product .
 This 3 barrel jumbo ceramic waver broke after only 20 uses . The plastic parts fell apart . I was hoping to get it replaced or get my money back to invest in a better one , but apparently you do n't have a policy regarding product failure .
 My crimper BROKE !! Does n't get a great wave and gets really hot and almost burned myself . Yes there are controls to set the heat but it broke just as I had started to use it. : - -LRB-
 Stopped working 2 months after purchase date . Just didnt turn on anymore . Other people seem to have had this problem too . My verdict ... do n't buy .
 so excited to buy this and try it ... however , took it out of the packaging , plugged it in , turned it on and it wouldnt even heat up . un plugged it several times and turned it to 30 -LRB- highest setting -RRB- and it didnt even slightly get warm . i will look at another brand ... thought revlon made better products
 This product is fine but not the best.It 's good if you are wearing a headscarf or thick headband.Pros
 I 'm sorry to say I was disappointed . Even on its highest setting it does n't work very fast . I have to hold it in my , or my girls ' , hair so long that my arm gets tired and I find I rarely want to use it .
 I bought this to use on my two daughters ' hair because they like to have waves sometimes . I did not expect this to work like a $ 70 iron but it is totally useless . I have used other things like this on their hair before and they worked great , this barely made any waves and then after about an hour it just looks like frizz.It took forever to heat up but when it finally did get hot , it still did a horrible job . I would have assumed for the price it would work better than this.I do not recommend this . Try a different one.Just an FYI , they both have thick , soft , straight hair and I used small , thin sections each time I put the irn on their hair .
 The Revlon waver is n't too bad of a product considering that it 's only $ 20 . The waver produces nice waves , but only when used with hair wax or a wet-effect spray so that the waves do n't look too frizzy . The iron is extremely heavy , is awkward to hold , does n't heat up very quickly and is n't very hot so it 's a pain to hold the HEAVY iron in place for at least twenty seconds for each section to have the waves set . I have very fine hair and not too much hair , so if this iron takes a long time to do my hair , I imagine it will take much longer for people with coarser hair . The iron does n't have tourmaline plates so your hair does n't look shiny and is easily damaged . Pros
 Bought this curl my daughters hair - took for ever to heat up . Tried it on her hair barely made a wave - and the wave it did create was frizzy ... . Took it back and did n't bother trying another .
 After receiving item , it quit heating up after two weeks . This is the second one I have bought for my daughter . At least the first one worked for about 3 months . Will never buy another !
 I was hoping this would give me soft waves and all if did was frizz my hair .
 This waver worked well to make your hair look like you took it out of a braid or srunched up . It does not look natural at all . I bought it as a waver to get a vintage look and it doesnt work for that . If you try to brush and tame the waves they just get frizzy .
 I really looked forward to putting waves in my hair with this . The size of the waves would have been so perfect . The problem is that it never got hot enough . It would get warm and I would have VERY mild waves that would completely disappear no more than 90 minutes later . I would even use lots of extra time on each wave -- if I used just the standard amount of time I use with any other styling device , it would n't hold at all . I also put hairspray on before I used it which would normally be somewhat dangerous with products that heated up to a normal temp and still it barely workedIt was n't just theRevlon RV084C 3-Barrel Jumbo Waver with CeramicI had originally purchased that was defective . I so loved the design that I exchanged it at the store I purchased it for another one . The replacement did n't warm up either.The ones that gave this 5 stars must have seriously thin hair .
 I bought this , used it once or twice and gave it to charity . It is clunky and large , the barrels are not traditional nonstick or chrome but made of a porous-looking material that does n't allow your hair to slide like the nonstick , ceramic or chrome ones do . I have fine hair that is n't real thick and three teen & adult daughters who live at home . We all tried this and did n't like it or the resulting hairstyle at all and we all have varying degrees of thickness to our hair -LRB- all long though -RRB- . The results were strange looking like you used the old fashioned hot curlers with the metal clips and they left lines in your hair . It says with ceramic on the title but this is n't like the ceramic curling iron I recently purchased .
 So the first time I used this product the result was terrible ! If you already have thin naturally voluminous hair this will NOT WORK . I started out dividing my hair and did the bottom back of my head and when I got to the top I did the first section . When I released there was a wave but it was so frizzy and puffy I looked like I had a Afro . I pushed it down put some hair spray and continued . I could n't even finish my hair was so big I had to put a tone of hair spray and use a straightener to fix it . NOT good on my type of hair be warned !
 I bought this iron to replace my Vidal Sassoon 3 barrel waver with high hopes of producing the mermaid-like waves i envisioned.This wave iron is HUGE . it is like a giant robot claw , except with heat.I have small hands and arthritis , so i found this tool almost impossible to use . Because of the weird clamp plate , it is difficult to get the tool close to the head to make a nice wave all the length of the hair.This would be better for picking up dead mice ; or smashing spiders.Would NOT purchase again .
 I used it only once , and it broke down.I never dropped it.Its handle is broken!I just use it once but I can not use it twice !
 I really wanted to love this hair styler . It did great things for my hair , and produced the results that were promised on the packaging . However , after only 4 uses the handle completely snapped off rendering the iron unusable . I have put in a call to Revlon 's customer service , as I am quite displeased with the quality of this product , and after having spent $ 25 on it at Target , I am feeling a little jipped . Spend the extra money on a better quality item . You 'll be happier in the long run .
 I really liked the jumbo waver when I first got it ... took me a couple times to figure out how to use it the way I liked . Just as I got the hang of it , the handle broke that opens and closes the waver ! I never dropped it or mis-used it , so I do n't know what happened but I 'm sending it back and hopefully they will replace the darn thing .
 I have only used this item a few times even though I bought it a while ago . The last time I used it the handle broke . I think the front of the barrel is too big and the handle is too wimpy ! I am looking at getting a new one but will not choose this one ! Disappointed .
 If you are considering buying this iron , please realize how HEAVY it is and that a strong adult will have to assist any teenage girl attempting to use this . My poor daughter burnt her shoulder pretty bad as the iron does get nice and hot but weighs a ton ! You literally need two hands to hold it and after about 5 minutes , your arms will start to shake from holding it up . It does make nice waves , but the process is a bit tedious as you can only curl one short section at a time . I just want people to be aware that they will need assistance when using this product .
 Used it once . On the last strand of hair it let out an electrical noise and smoke . Burn my hair off . It got so hot could not use it again .
 It was very much larger than the pic . It looks standard size on the pic , but when we received it . It was too big !
 The bottom was red so I used it . It did n't work for my baby , it caused more severe rash .
 I was supposed to get Fendi but I got something else in a Fendi bottle . The color was different and the scent not even close . I ordered some from Perfume Outlet and it was exactly what I have been wearing for years . The vendor wrote to me `` I can assure you it 's the real thing '' . I am well aware of what I have been using for years ... needless to say I am waiting for my $ 119.95 credit on my Discover card . I just wo n't order Fendi on Amazon again . Very disappointed and to be told I am wrong even more so .
 I wanted what I saw online , but what I received was completely different . It was not the brushes I wanted , but because it was relatively inexpensive , I chose not to return it . I 'll find a use for them somewhere , but will not order from here again .
 I can only say that I have n't yet received the item -LRB- ordered one month ago -RRB-
 it worked fine the first time . then a month later the power was much lower . so low that it would n't cut without snagging the hair . it was n't the outlet because i tried it in another house and on different outlets . I threw it out in disgust .
 I do n't have much to say . They do n't work . It took me 30 minutes just to cut my son 's hair . It would have been better to just use scissors . Oh well , I bought them cheap , and got my money 's worth I suppose .
 I have been using this product for awhile and I have seen no difference or improvement.So why waste your money ?
 Please note that Amazon is -LRB- apparently -RRB- now receiving the same bottles as other providers - which does NOT include the pump that SkinMilk used to package this product with.If the pump is important to you -LRB- as it seems to have been for a previous reviewer -RRB- , know that it 's no longer included with one and is instead a flip-top/cap . I love this product , however , I am giving it a low rating so that it shows as a contrast & hopefully will be informative for other buyers in advance .
 I like the idea of this being a gentle shimmer , not a glitter - but this shimmer is a little TOO subtle . Even after using quite a lot , it was barely visible , even under the club lights .
 To me it smells like play doh ... . It 's a bit runny -LRB- watery -RRB- when its suppose to be cream ... Would n't recommend it ...
 I think that this particular batch of cream is really old . The body lotion gave me a rash . I am not even going to try the cream ... it is going straight in the trash .
 I ADORED this perfume before Taylor of London changed it . When it had the orange label -LRB- as shown here -RRB- it was perfection , especially for a freesia lover like me . But , unfortunately , the newer bottles -LRB- purple or flowered label -RRB- smell harsh , like the amt of alcohol has been increased or something ; there 's a very alcoholy after-smell and it ruins this otherwise wonderful scent . I 'm guessing Taylor of London redesigned both the packaging AND the scent -- and what a shame ! It was perfect as it was.I see here on Amazon they 're showing the orange-labeled product , but I 've ordered via Amazon before and got the newer version of the label/scent so I do n't know if they 've just not updated the product pic , or what . If you love freesia -LRB- and can get some of the orange-label of this eau de toilette -RRB- I think you 'll love it as much as I do . I found a place that had a few of the old bottles left and I bought them all just so I could have the orig scent -LRB- which I 'd give 10 STARS if I could -RRB- ! Somehow the oakmoss and patchouli enhance the freesia scent without being noticeable themselves . It 's just a very feminine , flowery -LRB- of course ! -RRB- , delicate smell . In my travels , I 've not found a better version of freesia . But , if you get the other version -LRB- s -RRB- , my condolences ! ; -RRB- I wish Taylor of London made a perfume , too , so that the scent would last longer and that they 'd stop messing with a good thing .
 The item arrived on time and undamaged , but it smells nothing like freesia , despite its name and description . It smells like a cheap hair spray , unfortunately . Due to the seller 's return policy of a 15 % restocking fee for opened products -LRB- How else would I know what it smells like ? -RRB- and the shipping fee I am not even attempting to return the item , but it is simply a waste of my 21 dollars .
 I bought this perfume for my friend who loves the smell of freesia . She was extremely disappointed and I felt bad too . Cheap unpleasant smell . Nothing to do with freesia .
 Wow , what a disappointment that I received a lovely little bottle of Miss Dior Originale and not the genuine Miss Dior in the black and white checked packaging as pictured . The fragrance is NOT THE SAME . Shipping was fine and professional , but the cost for receiving something I really did n't order was way too high !!
 I purchased this item noticing that the length of the handle would be perfect . The issue I had was the bristles being a little to long and toooo soft . I was n't expecting a toooo soft scrub but this product bristles are really soft and long .
 Rust formed just a day after use.I 'm never using it on my skin again .
 The bristles are way too soft for it to be of any exfoliation benefit . I 'm very disappointed as far as that goes . I use it mainly for scrubbing in my daily cleanser , and it 's nice for that , and my face does feel cleaner after using it that way .
 Initially , I loved the cleansing and circulatory effect of this facial brush . However , the handle broke on it 's third day of use , scratching my face in two places . I will look for something more durable in future .
 I ordered this brush just last week and within 2 days of using it the base of the bristles starting rusting turning the brush brown . It was gross . I definitely do n't recommend this at all . Also , the brush looks nothing like the picture shown .
 I think the cut edges of the bristles are actually too scratchy to comfortably use on my face . If they were a little more rounded it 'd be a great product . Also , while the cap is a nice thought , it 's a poor quality plastic and shattered easily .
 first when i felt the brush it was really soft but then at the night i tried it on my face . it was so harsh on my skin . my opinion i hate it .
 The handle seemed to be pretty thick , so I gave it a chance ... wasted my money , it broke after about a month of use , and this is the 3rd one I 've owned . . I now have an electric one by Oil of Olay ... has lasted great . . just keep batteries around and use .
 My dermatologist recommended that I exfoliate my skin more to keep my dreaded blackheads at bay.But even light circular motions for short periods -LRB- constant movement around my face -RRB- are just too much for my skin , I get red , irritated skin for about 5 minutes , then I have to wait to apply any kind of astringent because it will burn . : / I 'll stick to my St. Ives apricot blemish & blackhead scrub & my 2 hands .
 I had a facial brush that I loved for years , but lost it . So I replaced it with this facial brush - and the handle broke off in my travel bag a week after I got the brush . Very disapointing !
 I only used this for a few days and had to stop . The Avon Anew Force Extra Triple Lifting day cream irritated my skin so much . It had caused all of these tiny little blisters . I had heard from a few people that it worked for them , so of course , I was going to try it . I would n't recommend this for anyone that has sensitive skin . I should have known better , knowing that my skin is very sensitive . Lessoned learned .
 This is a great product from what I understand according to many ladies , however I had a terrible allergic reaction and have not had ant response from Avon on how to receive my Amazon GC credit back . So lack of response makes me unhappy with this product .
 there are 20 heat settings and i immediately turn it up to 20 since my old one would n't work well unless it was up to 25and -LRB- -RRB- % & @ #it completely damages your haireven if the temperature is ONE!DEFINITELY THE WORST STRAIGHTENER EVER!i dont understand why all the other comments are giving it a such high ratings
 This is nice and soft , which is good for cleaning your hands when they 're covered in dirt or grease , but they 're far too soft to work out anything from under your fingernails .
 I was desparate to have a hairspray that would hold and leave my gray hair shiny and not contribute to the yellowing . It held well , was not tacky but there was no extra shine and it did contribute to the yellowing and I had to stop using it . I am sure for some it is a fine product but not for me .
 I thought this hair detangler would have made detangling my hair a much easier process , but it did not . I honestly did not see or feel much of any difference in using this spray in my hair after applying it to my damp hair . My hair texture is slightly curly and detangling it after I shower has always been a bit of a hassle , so it just might be my hair and not the general case for everyone else .
 Great price , but you get what you pay for . For 3 $ I got a bottle of water . Fortunately I was able to pick up some Miracle 7 leave in conditioner that worked a whole lot better than this stuff , which is going in the trash . I have no idea why people love this company , I 'm guessing for the cheap-o prices , but it does n't do anything for me .
 I had high hopes for this product as the reviews were stellar . Maybe it 's my hair type ? But the product made my hair look greasy ... even with being very careful to avoid the roots . And the last of instruction on the label is disappointing . Waste of money and will pass it along to a friend to try . : -LRB-
 I saw this on a TV show that was rating eyelash curlers and bought it . I feel so silly . What an absolute waste of money . It 's at Goodwill now
 The eyelash curler would not anchor down , I tried all sorts of angles to get it to anchor down so that it would heat - no luck . I then tried to hold it down but could n't tell when it was hot enough or too hot . After trying for a week , it quit working completely - I sent it back . This is very expensive for a tool that is junk .
 This did not curl my lashes like I thought . My lashes are stiff and this item did not work at all .
 I had a sew-in , which means my actual hair underneath was braided up . I bought this product to use on my scalp to relieve some of the itching for the braided hair . Not only did it NOT stop the itching , it made it worse . Now I do n't know if I just have some bad reaction to something in the mix or not , but it did n't stop my itching.I know that I had an odd reaction to Tea Tree Oil , as I tried some hair grease with TTO in it while I had my tracks in , and I had the same reaction . The other factor that should be considered to is that my scalp was n't exposed to open air ; I used this products between loose areas in my sew in to try and get to my scalp . So maybe that has some play in the burning sensation on my head .
 I 've been on the hunt for a true lavender scent and this item is not it !! It 's mixed w / other base notes so the lavender gets muddled in the perfume . I also strongly agree with other reviewers that it smells very manly ! It does smells like a man 's aftershave - not womanly at all .
 I do n't understand all these positive reviews . I have used this product for many months , hoping it might eventually make a difference . I 've used it on deep wrinkles , barely-there wrinkles , and everything in between . No effect at all . Nada . Nothing . I 'm sorry I wasted my money . No wonder the manufacturer has discontinued this product . :--LRB- Save your money .
 It was a cheap imitation . Runny and smelled very bad !! It WAS NOT the product I buy in the stores
 this product does not fill your wrinkles . Needs very Much Improvement . L'Oreal should be ashamed of this product . All Lies !!!
 Dont ' comprehend how a large Company like L'Oreal can put products like this on the market ? They lie , thats how come . None of these anti-aging products work , from foundations -LRB- makeup -RRB- moisterizers -LRB- day and night cremes -RRB- . I 've been around makeup my entire life and have spent a fortune on preventing those unGodly wrinkles and believe me , NOTHING WORKS except botox . If they actually came up with just one product that worked - all the other lines would be out of business for sure . People that give this product 5 or 4 STARS , either are completely out of thier minds or totally blind . And these 26 to 35 yr old gals that give it a 5 STAR - I ask you , do you know what a REAL wrinkle is ? Wrinkles are lines in the forehead , upper lip , cheeks , eyes and neck and they are there 24 hrs . a day . Mine never went away and I used this product faithfully for 3 weeks , night and daytime . The product is worthless , ladies DO NO PURCHASED THIS WRINKLE collagen filler .
 The giant cosmetics firlm L'Oreal claims this collagen filler will , with regular use , plump and visibly smooth wrinkle creases while it diffuses and fills in the depth and length of facial lines . In short , they are advertising it as an anti-aging treatment that will deliver anti-wrinkle action in women over 30 . The makers claim that the cream 's silicone enriched formula immediately smoothes the appearance of wrinkles on the skin surface.They add that the product also contains Collagen Biospheres that can inflate up to 9x in volume to help fill in wrinkle furrows ; that the product is ideal for use day and night , in conjunction with Collagen Filler Eye , Collagen Skin Re-Modeller or Wrinkle De-Crease Day and Night.They also tell the user to read directions carefully before using , and to focus , in applying , on your most pronounced worrisome wrinkles -LRB- forehead wrinkles , crow 's feet , laughter lines etc -RRB- . OK , I have used the product day and night faithfully for several weeks , and I see no improvement in my wrinkles , and believe me , I have them , deep ones .
 The only good thing I can say about this stuff is that it 's the rare product that did n't irritate my skin . It has , however , also had no discernible effect on the lines on my face .
 when i open this smell no good im not use it ... i never buy this again . . and from cvs ... . ohh well bad for me this product
 This product says it helps with fine lines and wrinkles , but in fine print on the box . It says that it does n't work for wrinkles . I bought two of them and did not write this until I used this product for 2 months . I saw no improvement what-so-ever . No wonder it was so cheap . I do n't have a lot of wrinkles , but wanted to stop the small ones that have started showing up since I turned 41 . Did n't work . I hope this helps anyone who is also looking for something to keep those lines at bay . This wo n't help .
 i usually love this product from loreal . and was excited that it was sold at a great price ... but this will be a lesson on getting what you pay for ! you can immediately tell this product was an older expired version product just on the smell that comes with cosmetic items that have been sitting on a shelf for a long time . -LRB- i have a legit version of it that has a pleasant smell -RRB- . i tried to look for an expiration or ANY date on the box but could n't find it . the box alone should have been a red flag as i think it 's an older box . so i 'm not sure if the contents are even effective anymore , just has a strong rancid `` old '' smell . but the annoying smell of the product will be a constant reminder that i went for a cheap price and not quality .
 I think it 's just another false statement of l ` orleal . Tried half tube , no effect at all . Do n't recommend to buy !
 I purchase the product based on the positive reviews . I love the smell and the smoothness but it didnt do anything for my wrinkles . I really was hoping for this to work but it just didnt for me . So I 'm off to search for other products to help with the newly forming wrinkles I 'm developing ...
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . It 's been discontinued and you may get an old item like we did.My wife likes this product and could n't find it in the stores anymore , so she purchased it here . What she received did n't smell good and was semi solid . Do n't waste your money on this expired line , instead try their new RevitaLift Collagen Wrinkle Treatment .
 I was looking for a round thin brush for travel . Unfortunately , this is not it.It is much too small and cumbersome to use on the average head of hair . It would workgreat on a doll , just not on an adult head . A positive is that it has high quality bristles .
 I bought this for my wife as a Christmas present . She loves bubble baths and when she first saw it she thought that it was a wonderful present . When we actually tried it out it was a different story . It 's on its way back to Amazon for a refund.What 's wrong with it ? The mat is supposed to attach itself to the bottom of the tub with suction cups but they are small and do n't really work . When the mat fills with air , it 's like sitting on a small , partially inflated air mattress . The mat floats up around you and flops around constantly . The mat itself contains about a 20 small blocks of hard foam-like material embedded in it . They are about 6 x 1 inches and are uncomfortable to sit on . They must be there to weight the mat down or make it more rigid . In either case they do n't work . During our brief trial the air hose popped off several times . The bubbles are very weak . They do n't really give you a `` massage . '' I was n't expecting a `` Jacuzzi-like '' experience but I thought that it would provide a little more force than it does . The mat itself is rather long . If you have one of the oval style tubs found in many new homes this mat will be too long to work . You need a traditional rectangular tub . Finally , the unit rather noisy.The concept of this product is great . However , I think Homedics needs to go back to the drawing board and redesign this .
 = bath spa mat.Basically that is what this device is . Oh wait , but you have to put some uncomfortable pseudo-foam bricks in the mattress , too . The unit basically works like a vacuum cleaner in reverse , hooked up to an air mattress with a bunch of holes poked into it . The power unit blows air through the hose into the mattress , which produces bubbles . Simple , right?Yes , but though bubbles are fun , these ones are pretty much just that -- there 's no noticeable therapeutic effect . You may as well buy a 12-pack of straws , stick them in your mouth , and blow bubbles -- it 'd be cheaper and quieter and just as effective.This unit is not what you 'd call unobtrusive -- a big ol' 6-foot vacuum hose runs right out of the tub into the main unit , which is pretty hefty , and sports a nice long power cord as well . The only thing you need is a cardiac monitor and you 're halfway to getting the whole hospital-room chic thing down.Perhaps this all might 've been acceptable -- had I been completely deaf . This puppy is LOUD . It might not bother some people , so here 's a way to check
 The bubbles are nice and since my husband and I are both fans of Jacuzzi 's and I have a bad back , he decided to get one for me to use until a Jacuzzi can be built . However , I have a real problem with the suction cups holding to the bottom of my bath tub and have tried everything to get some of them to stick . I have asked the customer service department about the problem and they have been very good to respond and sugested that maybe I had a non-shid bathtub and that is why it would not stick . That is not the case and I find that the mat floats in the tub better than I do . But , it is soothing and will work out until the real thing is finished .
 I wish I could rate this as no stars . It was a disappointment more so because it was such a great idea , and I was hoping for a carefree relaxing bath . First off , The huge vacuum with the hose out the back end was LOUD . o.k. , I thought , so it 's loud but I stuck the multitude of small little suction cups on the bottom of the tub and got in . With the tub filled , the mat had to be held down by brute force and a number of times , the hose popped off the mat . It was somewhat massaging but the air bubbles cooled the water to an uncomfortable temperature and the heat setting did not do a whit of difference . the handy suction cup holder to keep the remote out of the water . -LRB- who ever would think a tub spa 's remote would not handle a dunk in the water ? -RRB- Well I read the instructions carefully and the remote immediately needed to be dried off and the batteries taken out and dried and the whole thing needs time to dry . The next time I tried it -LRB- yes I was determined -RRB- I got the whole tub floor wet and pushed down on all 24 or so of those little suction cups and tried it again . Still the same story . As I try to push down on the part of the mat coming up by my feet , the part by my head comes up . I end up having to lie there totally flat while the mat bubbles come up around me cooling my nice hot bath water . the hose pops off yet again and I go to use the remote -LRB- which is this time not in the precarious holder -RRB- and sick and tired of all the faults already I try to turn it off and the remote does n't even work . This is not relaxing .
 This product is awful . It smells bad ! It gave me a rash on my face . The vendor does not allow returns , which was not stated on-line . I believe this product is a Knock-off , and not a true Lancome product . Do not buy cosmetics on-line , especially when they can not be returned . This vendor and product is the worst !
 I bought this nail care kit after trying and returning other brands . This one is just O.K. and unfortunately it 's the best one I 've tried . -LRB- email me about the other 5 I tried if you have questions -RRB- 1 . GOOD FEATURES
 I was really disappointed with this product . Does not work well at all . I did not return it , but considered doing so . Wish I would not have bought it . Can do my nails just as well with an old fashionsed file ... . Do n't waste your money ... Wish someone would have warned me .
 ... that this was a rechargable product . It is NOT rechargable and you are tethered to the AC power supply which has a very short cord . I am very disappointed ... !!
 I smelled this fragrance years ago and i was the rave of my office . It did not live up to the nostalgia . I should have paid more attention , or maybe i was in denial about the $ 23 asked for a MINI Sample bottle . Yes it said .17 oz but for $ 23 dollars iit had to be a typo . Well sad to say it wasnt i got what would be given at the store as a sample bottle for a $ 60 fragrance at the department store.It also took a large application for the scent to stay with me . Not happy at all . I again sya it was my fault for being in denial .
 Part of my dissatisfaction with this product was due to my failure to read entirely the description . Since it takes 6 lbs to fill my paraffin bath I expected each package to contain 6 lbs and they contained only 2 lbs . After purchasing 2 packages , there was still not enough paraffin to refill my bath . However the quality is excellent and melts easily .
 This is $ 6.50 a pound pluss shipping . My local store sells it for $ 2.25 a pound .
 I ordered this item only because I was short a couple dollars to qualify for free shipping when I order six pounds of replacement paraffin wax for my wife 's wax machine . The other less expensive brand was $ 23 + for six pounds . Here , this item only cosisted of two pounds of wax and 20 plastic bags . Although the package was very nice - colorful box , individually shrink wrapped wax bar , and 20 bage with &#34; HoMedics &#34; printed all over , I was paying through the nose for nothing practical . If I had choice of other qualified -LRB- Amazon -RRB- items that would push the order into the no shipping level , I would not have ordered this - period .
 I bought this in order to help my hands/fingers feel better after a long day at work . I 've purchased this product in the past and it had a pleasant scent and left my hands soft.The wax I received however STINKS , literally ! It has such a strong unpleasant smell that it gave me a headache . It is also very oily and does n't make my hands/fingers feel soft/massaged as they did in the past.DON ' T buy it !
 Sold as `` replacement paraffin '' as if this would replenish old paraffin . Did not cover with 2 '' depth requiring additional purchase locally to fill spa to a useable level .
 I HAVE OWNED GRES FROM PARIS THIS IS NOT WORTH BUYING THE SPRAY DOES NOT FUNCTION I WILL NEVER PURCHASE AGAIN ONLINE ANY FRAGRANCE .
 I used this regularly from week 20-41 and I have tons of stretch marks . They did n't appear until my last month , but alas they appeared . They 're not bright red so I feel lucky about that . This cream also smells nice , but for $ 35 I can buy some super yummy stuff at Bath and Body Works .
 I purchased this item as recommended by my friend who gained 40 + lbs . during her pregnancy . She claimed to not have any stretch marks during her pregnancy due to this product . I figure , if this product worked for her , then maybe it can for me.This product was helpful in minimizing the itch that come along with stretching , but it did NOT prevent stretch marks . No product out there can prevent stretch marks ... it 's in the genes , and partially the diet . I was being hopeful with this product ... expecting a miracle . LOL ! Well , that hope lead to wasting all that $ $ $ . I purchased 3 jars of this to last me the last 5.5 months of my pregnancy -LRB- when I noticed the first sign of a stretch mark -RRB- . Product smells nice and helps keeping skin moisturized , but that 's pretty much all it can do . Gaining just 26 lbs . throughout the pregnancy and delivering an 8 lb . 4 oz little girl , I did n't bother open the last jar and use post partum ... I just re-sold it online .
 Dear Amazon CustomersWe understand the pressures that go along with making tiny miracles . Pregnancy is a time when you have to be so very careful because you are taking care of both you and your beautiful baby.We are very proud of our safety standards at Mama Mio . We take your safety very very seriously and go above and beyond the European and US regulations to keep you safe and sound during your pregnancy . We produce all of our products in The US in an FDA-approved lab which maintains the highest of safety standards.We felt it is important to have a ` No Nasties ' policy which clearly states our policy on ingredients -LRB- no Parabens , No Petrolatum , No Colours , No synthetic Fragrance , No Sulphates , zenoestrogen , or pthalates -RRB- . Our No Nasties policy applies to every single product we ever make at Mama Mio.Because we care so much , we wanted to address each of the ingredient concerns expressed in the one star amazon customer review individually . Please read these through and if you have any further worries please email me directly at tanya@mamamio.com . With hand on heart , Mama Mio stands behind each and every product in the line for it 's safety during pregnancy.I would also like to add that our oils always have a much shorter ingredient list than creams . So if you are looking for the purest formulas , you will find our Tummy Rub Oil to have less ingredients than our Tummy Rub Butter although both are equally wonderful at taking great care of your skin throughout your pregnancy.And finally , if you are reading this I am assuming that we should also be saying Congratulations!Kind RegardsTanya MackayFounding PartnerMama MIo SkincareLimonene , Linalool , Citral , Citronellol , Benzyl Benzoate - are all found in the pure , pregnancy-safe essential oils we use in Mama Mio . the first four are all found in citrus based essential oils such as Mandarin . The last one is found in Ylang Ylang oil , which is included in our beautiful Gravida -LRB- which means Pregnancy in latin -RRB- fragrance . We do not add these ingredients in separately - they exist within the oils naturally . So , if you were to break down a drop of pure Ylang Ylang Oil you would find a tiny percentage of Benzyl Benzoate within the natural componentry of the oil.We are required by European law to list it in our ingredients , it is not a requirement of US regulations . So , although it may seem unusual to see it -LRB- And maybe even a little scary -RRB- - each of these will be a very common ingredient in many US beauty and food products - but it is not required to be included on the ingredients listings.Just to give you a little perspective Benzyl Benzoate makes up less than one one hundredth of a percentage point . It is % .007 of Tummy Rub.Polysorbate 80 is used as an emulsifier in foods , particularly in ice cream , and in creams . It is vegetable derived ingredient that helps bind oil and water together and keep them from separating.Ceteareth-20 is an emulsifier used in oil-in-water emulsions . Ours is extremely pure and It is derived from coconut oil.PEG-100 Stearate - Derived from palm oil this is a water-soluble ester - used as a thickener and emulsifier .
 Okay ... . I know this product has a good rating and it seems to be working for some pp but not for me!I 've start using it since I was 8 weeks pregnant and I applied it everyday and I was fine till my 28th weeks of pregnancy came in when Boom I got plenty of stretch marks around my lower belly and even on my sides : -LRB- I gained 1Lb per week during my pregnancy , and my doctor said I am a fine and healthy pregnant women and no creams will help a women if you have the gene and hormone to produce the damn stretch mark!Anyhow , I bought 3 jars of this Mama Mio and feel like a silly girl who waste my money and who knows what is really inside this cream!So bottom line , do not buy it ... if you really wan na care for yourself just apply olive oil/almond oil.Good Luck & do nt be foooooool .
 This product was not for me . I have heard other friends rave about them , however they broke me out into an itchy rash all over my stomach.I ended up going back to my basic Aveeno everyday lotion and no stretch marks in sight with 5 more weeks to go .
 When I got this in the mail I was so excited . From what I heard from reviews on YouTube the scent is supposed to be really good , but when I took a whiff of this cream/butter it did not please me at all . Actually make me kind of nautious . That just might be my hormones though . The consistency is not creamy at all . I 'm not sure if it 's just the tub I recieved , but maybe I got an old one . Hmm , not sure if it prevent strechmarks either . I 'm only 2 months in and it might be too soon to tell . The smell just prevents me from even wanting to use this .
 Ladies , there is no miracle cream -- if your mother had stretch marks , you 'll probably get them too ! That being said , if you want a nice-smelling belly cream that has NO greasy after-feel , or if you just want something to moisturize your belly so it 's not so itchy , this is a nice product . It 's pretty expensive though , considering the tub does n't last long at all . I 'd rather spend $ 3 on Palmer 's cocoa butter lotion and put up with the greasiness , because it moisturizes just as well at a fraction of the cost .
 The butter goes on really smooth , soaks in pretty quickly , and does not upset my supersensitive very dry skin -LRB- no small feat in my world -RRB- . I have had this for a few months and only used it about 4 times . I love the feel but the smell makes me nauseous . My husband thinks it smells good but my pregnant `` supernose '' can not handle it . I even waited until my 2nd trimester to see if it would grow on me but no luck .
 I used this product as directed , once in the morning and at night . It did not work at all . I still got marks and am very unhappy that I wasted $ 35 on this cream . I would not recommend buying this product .
 This was definitely a waste of money . Everyone told me I was probably going to get stretch marks as my mother did , but I was convinced if I found a good cream I wouldnt . I used this for two months and used up almost the whole bottle , and I have the most horrible looking deep red/purple stretch marks . This did not work one bit , maybe it moisturized my skin a bit . The interesting thing is I dont have any marks on my stomach - just thighs , butt , and boobs - i think this goes to show that if your prone to get them , you will . To all those lucky ppl out there who didnt get any after using this cream , I bet they wouldnt of gotten any even if they havent used it . Save your money ! With a baby on the way there are many more uses for it !
 My wife brought this home and once I looked at the fine print I became a little concerned about some of the ingredients . A quick search on the web found some things that convinced me that I do n't want her to risk it . I 'm no expert on the matter , but I do know enough that often what goes on the skin gets absorbed by the body and with something like this being so close to a developing baby , I was not comfortable with its use . Before you purchase and use this product , decide for yourself . For me , I ca n't understand why anything of this purpose has to have this many chemicals in it . Why not just use pure coconut oil and aloe vera ? The following is a cut and paste from the actual ingredients used in this product . In your research pay close attention to PEG 100 Sterate , Polysorbate 80 and anything with `` eth '' in the name ... for starts.Aqua -LRB- Water -RRB- , Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis -LRB- Sweet Almond -RRB- Oil , Butyrospermum Parkii -LRB- Shea -RRB- Butter , Glycerin , Cyclopentasiloxane , Cetyl Alcohol , Cetearyl Alcohol , Glyceryl Stearate , PEG 100 Stearate , Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride , Hydrogenated Polyisobutene Phenoxyethanol , Caprylyl Glycol , Ceteareth-20 , Sodium Acrylate/Acryoldimethyl Taurate Copolymer , Isohexadecane , Polysorbate 80 , Dimethicone , Triticum Vulgare -LRB- Wheat -RRB- Germ Oil , Rosa Moschata -LRB- Rosehip -RRB- Seed Oil , Barago Officinalis -LRB- Borage -RRB- Seed Oil , Tocopherol , Parfum -LRB- Fragrance -RRB- , Limonene , Linalool , Citral , Citronellol , Evernia Furfuracea -LRB- Treemoss -RRB- Extract , Benzyl Benzoate -LRB- from Ylang Oil -RRB- .
 My wife brought this home and once I looked at the fine print I became a little concerned about some of the ingredients . A quick search on the web found some things that convinced me that I do n't want her to risk it . I 'm no expert on the matter , but I do know enough that often what goes on the skin gets absorbed by the body and with something like this being so close to a developing baby , I was not comfortable with its use . Before you purchase and use this product , decide for yourself . For me , I ca n't understand why anything of this purpose has to have this many chemicals in it . Why not just use pure coconut oil and aloe vera ? The following is a cut and paste from the actual ingredients used in this product . In your research pay close attention to PEG 100 Sterate , Polysorbate 80 and anything with `` eth '' in the name ... for starts.Aqua -LRB- Water -RRB- , Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis -LRB- Sweet Almond -RRB- Oil , Butyrospermum Parkii -LRB- Shea -RRB- Butter , Glycerin , Cyclopentasiloxane , Cetyl Alcohol , Cetearyl Alcohol , Glyceryl Stearate , PEG 100 Stearate , Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride , Hydrogenated Polyisobutene Phenoxyethanol , Caprylyl Glycol , Ceteareth-20 , Sodium Acrylate/Acryoldimethyl Taurate Copolymer , Isohexadecane , Polysorbate 80 , Dimethicone , Triticum Vulgare -LRB- Wheat -RRB- Germ Oil , Rosa Moschata -LRB- Rosehip -RRB- Seed Oil , Barago Officinalis -LRB- Borage -RRB- Seed Oil , Tocopherol , Parfum -LRB- Fragrance -RRB- , Limonene , Linalool , Citral , Citronellol , Evernia Furfuracea -LRB- Treemoss -RRB- Extract , Benzyl Benzoate -LRB- from Ylang Oil -RRB- .
 My wife brought this home and once I looked at the fine print I became a little concerned about some of the ingredients . A quick search on the web found some things that convinced me that I do n't want her to risk it . I 'm no expert on the matter , but I do know enough that often what goes on the skin gets absorbed by the body and with something like this being so close to a developing baby , I was not comfortable with its use . Before you purchase and use this product , decide for yourself . For me , I ca n't understand why anything of this purpose has to have this many chemicals in it . Why not just use pure coconut oil and aloe vera ? The following is a cut and paste from the actual ingredients used in this product . In your research pay close attention to PEG 100 Sterate , Polysorbate 80 and anything with `` eth '' in the name ... for starts.Aqua -LRB- Water -RRB- , Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis -LRB- Sweet Almond -RRB- Oil , Butyrospermum Parkii -LRB- Shea -RRB- Butter , Glycerin , Cyclopentasiloxane , Cetyl Alcohol , Cetearyl Alcohol , Glyceryl Stearate , PEG 100 Stearate , Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride , Hydrogenated Polyisobutene Phenoxyethanol , Caprylyl Glycol , Ceteareth-20 , Sodium Acrylate/Acryoldimethyl Taurate Copolymer , Isohexadecane , Polysorbate 80 , Dimethicone , Triticum Vulgare -LRB- Wheat -RRB- Germ Oil , Rosa Moschata -LRB- Rosehip -RRB- Seed Oil , Barago Officinalis -LRB- Borage -RRB- Seed Oil , Tocopherol , Parfum -LRB- Fragrance -RRB- , Limonene , Linalool , Citral , Citronellol , Evernia Furfuracea -LRB- Treemoss -RRB- Extract , Benzyl Benzoate -LRB- from Ylang Oil -RRB- .
 I used Palmers religiously throughout my pregnancy , but decided to get something a little better quality for the last trimester . I chose Mama Mio Tummy Rub Stretch Mark Oil and Butter because of all the great reviews I 've read . On the plus side , it smells really nice . My husband really disliked the smell of Palmer 's , and said this one was way better . On the down side , even with use of both the oil and the butter in the morning and night , I could n't seem to keep my skin hydrated . Within a few hours it felt dry again . I got my first stretch mark on my belly -LRB- I already had gotten a few on my thighs -RRB- within a few days of switching over from Palmer 's . My doctor told me no cream in the world is going to prevent them if they 're in your genes , so it might not be Mama Mio 's fault . Mama Mio is quite expensive though , for a product that does n't work any better than the cheap options -LRB- Palmer 's is about $ 6/bottle , Mama Mio oil and butter came to $ 70 -RRB- . The oil and butter both lasted me about 4 weeks .
 I heard so much about this product that I bought it . It did n't seem to be anything special and I went back to using my Palmer 's coco butter which is much more reasonably priced . So I advise all you future Mom 's to save the $ .
 While the cream might have been effective , I have n't been able to use it due to its strong scent . Pregnancy strengthens your sense of smell , having produced this product for pregnant women , one would assume they would take that into consideration but '' NO '' they have n't . I tried using it twice , both times the smell made me nauseous and I could n't stand myself . I would n't recommend it to any pregnant woman who has a heightened sense of smell . It was a waste of money for me unfortunately !
 THIS PRODUCT IS A WASTE OF MONEY ... I usually do n't leave reviews but i really disliked this product and want to save people their time and money . This product was nothing special just a thick lotion that clumped when i tried to rub it in . And as far as being itch relieving to a growing belly , it helps for a few minutes only and then your itching again : -LRB- I ended up buying Bella B Tummy Honey Butter , and no stretch marks ! I HIGHLY recommend it instead ... works great and is at a reasonable price unlike Mama Mio tummy rub.good luck with the choice u make !
 Ordered the tub , got the tube . Definitely less in the tube for the same high price.Otherwise it 's good stuff
 I used this every morning and night throughout my whole pregnancy . I noticed stretch marks appear around 36 weeks and they kept getting worse . Smells nice but useless at preventing stretch marks .
 I ordered this set as a gift for Christmas . Upon receipt I could smell through the wrapping a terrible , overpoweringly sickening smell ... . think of the worst stereo type `` pimp '' smell and multiply by ten ... We tossed this in the garbage . It was not even worth the $ 15.00 we paid ... in this case , we got what we paid for - and then some .
 This product used to be made by a French company , and the fragrance of the lotion was very pleasing and noticeable . However , the lotion we recently ordered by Five Star Fragrance Co. hardly had any smell at all . Needless to say , we were very disappointed with our purchase and will not waste our money on any more of this worthless material .
 If you are thinking about getting any of this stuff you need to rethink it . Does it work ... yes ... BUT i wouldnt use it if i were you and here is why . I bought Mavala Stop of my little girl to try to help her stop sucking her finger . I had it sitting on the table in my living room and since the bottle looked like finger nail polish she desided to open it nad try to put it on . In the process of this she spilled it on the table . It wasnt on there very long ... Less that 1 min . . and when it was wiped up i noticed that it ate the finish off of the table . Now my question is this ... if it can eat the finish off of a table what is it doing to your teeth and stomach ?? not to mention you skin where you put it on . . I do not see where this stuff is safe and will not use it and i do not reccomend anyone else use it either
 My husband and son joked that it looked and smelled like horse manure ... and I had to admit that they were right . It was really an awful experience mixing it up and putting it in my hair . And when it was all done , there was not any noticeable difference in my hair color . To top it off , because I used a henna product in my hair , I had to wait an additional 6 weeks before using another method to color my hair . Per the instructions and per my hairstylist , using hair color products any sooner than that and my hair could be completely destroyed.I should have listened to those who advised against it . Oh well ... live and learn .
 I own a natural hair salon service and I was looking for an alternative to traditional chemical dyes . I went for this particular brand because it was organic , inexpensive and it had great reviews on other sites . I tried 2 different colors . I did Strawberry blonde on client and this color -LRB- dark auburn -RRB- on myself . My client 's hair was already slightly chemically bleached . The strawberry blonde simply amplified her color . The Auburn did nothing for me . I was n't looking for a drastic change , just a hint of red . I got nothing.I understand that this henna claims no lightening aspects but come on . After over an hour of sitting looking like I dipped my head in mud and smelling like fish food , I would have expected a little more . Not to mention , I have seen other henna products used on dark hair that still showed vibrant color.My biggest issues is not even with the color , its the fact that after over 20 minutes of rinsing , and shampooing , and rinsing again , there are these little grass-like pieces left in my hair and the lingering smell of the henna . I would say this could be great for someone looking to cover grey , but not someone without any chemical treatments or with really thick and curly hair . Not to mention I did not experience any of the great conditioning properties that henna is suppose to give . In fact , it left my hair a little dry and less manageable then when I started.All-in-all , I am not a fan . I am going to go with the brand I saw initially . It cost a little more but , sometimes you just get what you pay for .
 I wanted to try this for a change because it 's completely natural and actually very good for your hair . I gave this two stars instead of one because it definitely made my fine hair healthier , stronger , and it looks thicker too -- but only two stars because the `` light brown '' color turned my hair orange red ! I mixed it with brewed coffee too , which is supposed to cut the red . The coffee did n't work , at least not on my hair . I 'm just glad I own a very nice wig .
 this was my first time using a henna product of any kind so I wo n't give the product a 1 star because its always possible i didnt do something right -LRB- even though its just add water -RRB- the product smells like cooked spinach which isnt pleasant at all but its natural so i went with it hoping that when it dried the smell would go away , no such luck . also the product didnt rinse out - after rinsing and repeating until my hair felt stripped i just twisted and air dried , the next day i still have what looks like coffee grinds in my hair - gross !! and the biggest disappointment of all is my hair is not red - i wore a heat cap for 60 mins and there is no red in my hair - i started with a medium shade of brown and i feel like it looks darker than when i started which is okay because i ordered the dark drown too , but i think i will try a different company before i give the spinach head a go again .
 Not knowing a lot about henna before buying this product , I went ahead and bought it . Henna is one color ... red . There is not burgundy/red/brown , etc. . Henna gets darker each time you put it on and should be mixed with an acidic liquid like grape juice or lemon juice , not water . It has to sit out for at least 12 hours for the dyes to oxidize . You do n't just mix it with hot water and put it on your head.This dye did NOTHING for my hair . It only dried it out and made it feel like I had sand all in my hair . Not pleasant . If you truly want to use henna check out -LSB- ... -RSB- and good luck in henna adventure .
 supposly this is a light brown henna color for the hair , But when i used it and left it 45 min to dry , my hair was still black ! it didnt work at all ! I used half of it ! overall its weak Henna
 We used this kids shampoo for our daughter . She got it in her eyes , and for 30 minutes straight my daughter has been crying `` IT HURTS '' !!!
 the henna did not change the color of my daughters hair and was very ` muddy ' in the application . it smelled awful , and was very difficult to remove .
 Terrible product . It made my hair green . I could n't believe it . And it dried my hair really out a lot . All my natural locks were gone and I looked awful . did n't even want to leave the house any more . It took almost 14 days to get rid of that green color and to get some shine and elasticity back into my hair . Never again .
 I have African American extremely kinky hair that is shoulder length I was using henna mainly to condition my hair . The raindow henna has very tiny pieces of leaves and bark that remained stuck in my hair after spending an entire hour washing out the henna . On top of that , it made my hair very tangled and dry . My gray hair is a weird orange color . I do recommend this product especially if you have kinky hair . It 's very hard to get this stuff out of your hair . I 'm going to try the Jamila henna next .
 I am a long time user of Henna products . I wanted to try this one to hopefully get a redder tone and I mean an `` apple red '' shade . I usually use the Harvest Moon Red Henna Hair Dye 100 Grams , but wanted to try this brand , hoping for a different red.My natural hair color is medium brown , but since I 've been using henna for a while , my hair was a light red -LRB- and I mean RED , not copper -RRB- . Since it was time for a new dye application , I thought I 'd give this brand a try . I certainly should not have done it.The directions say to use boiling water when making the paste . You can also try Red Zinger tea instead of water , to make it a deeper red . I did n't try that , I used boiling water . You can use the paste on clean dry or damp hair.My hair came out a light to medium copper . Last time I checked , copper is NOT red . Yes , I know ... I 'll be told that my hair color was already red and that 's why it came out copper . NOT SO ! I have been using henna for so long , that I 've never had a brand change my red hair color . EVER!Extremely disappointing in the results . I had hoped for a deeper red , instead a got an almost dark strawberry color , which is a miracle -LRB- and not a good one -RRB- considering my hair was red in the first place.If you 're looking for a true red for your hair , this brand is not it . I will stick with Harvest Moon .
 I ordered a 3.4 ounce bottle of cologne called Aramis Life . Upon delivery I received a 1.7 ounce bottle that was empty . The box was old , worn , dented and faded ect ... I just ca n't believe someone over there thought this was acceptable , and needless to say I 'm extremely disapointed !!!
 please dont buy it , its fake ... ive been using this product long enough to say!Usually fake perfumes smeel just like original but the fragrance goes away soon , but this one give me a headache and is nothing like the original
 Ferrari colognes generally smell very basic and somewhat watery . They lack all the subtle tones that are in real colognes . So they simply smell like one thing . I own Ferrari Black and Ferrari Red . Ferrari Red is one of the worst colognes you can find on the market.Do not buy these colognes . You are better off just slapping on some aftershave or using some really strong shampoo or bodywash . If you like smelling like you bought some little kid cologne , go ahead and use this . Otherwise you are better off with a designer brand . No one is going to smell it and say `` Ah you smell like Ferrari ! I 'm going home with you tonight ! '' I would wager that even other Ferrari cologne wearers would assume you are just wearing Superman or Spongebob cologne .
 I bought this because I was impressed with Jaguar Prestige and thought I would give this a whirl . For such a name as `` Ferrari '' you would think a very good product as the name screams of quality and luxury . My expectations were let down , and let down in a big way.The scent is very strong , so one spray will smell up a room . It makes you nauseated after a few minutes . If you are `` sensitive '' then this stuff will KILL you so heed my warning . I will use the rest to spray my cat box between cleanings since it is a slight improvement of that , albeit not much .
 I ca n't believe the Ferrari brand is behind this cologne . It 's absolutely nasty . I sprayed one pump in the bathroom and it was such a strong and BAD stink we had to close the door and turn the fan on immediately . There 's a reason why this garbage is 30 bucks - 99 % of the money covers the licencing fees ; the remaining 1 % covers the R&D costs and materials for this stink water . Oh man , this stuff is bad .
 I ordered this hoping I 'll get the product in the picture . Instead , I received the 1-2 erosion level , green strip conditioner , which I can find for half the price anywhere else . The product is terrible , weighs down your hair and makes it look dirty . I returned the product and paid $ 12 shipping . The seller would not give me free return even though it 's a different product than the one pictured . Stay away from this seller and from Kerastase !
 I had been using Kerastase for almost a year and I received this product only to find it was DEFINITELY not the conditioner I was used to . It was thin and runny and did not condition my hair whatsoever . It seemed more like sunscreen than a hair product . It did n't even smell the same . I 'm convinced this was NOT the real thing .
 This was my favorite conditioner by Kerastase for years !!! I have a lot of fine , highlighted , hair and this was perfect for detangling and offering just enough conditioning without weighing my hair down . This new formula is very heavy and weighs my hair down without the detangling properties . YUK !!!!
 The delivery time was not up to Amazon standards . This conditioner leaves my hair too weighted down and lifeless .
 Received a fake product . Very strong odor and EXTREMELY RUNNY . Never had and issue when purchasing from the Salon etc. . Great results with the real product . So buyer beware !!!!
 While the service , packaging , delivery and seller are all impeccable , the product is no longer the same . ;--LRB- -LRB- . I have been an avid user of this conditioner . The old formula was MILES better . It is now MUCH more watered down , has a completely different consistency , color , and odor , and the way my hair reacts to this new formula is not they way it did before . Now , it really over coats my hair making it limp and greasy looking . YUCK . -LRB- Only use a dime sized amount too ! -RRB- I have read other reviews about loyal , disappointed customers of KERASTASE speaking of this new formula and how bad it is now . It is too bad . I now think this is an over priced , drug store type of product.In closing , this is NOT the sellers fault . I have ordered this a few times and the formula -LRB- new -RRB- is the same every time I purchase this new formula . Disappointing as described.Sorry , over-priced , Kerastase , you have lost a customer .
 I heard a great deal about these products and I was expecting more . I have fine hair and it makes my hair shinier , but it drys it out and I do n't think it improves the quality .
 I was not happy with this purchase . I have purchased this conditioner many times from the salon I go to and the one I ordered on Amazon was not the same . Was not happy with it at all and was not offered a refund . Instead I was told the stuff from the salon was probably out dated , ya right .
 This is the only Kerastase product that I purchased that I wished I had saved my money . This got some great reviews . Hair textures are different from person to person and this one for my hair really did nothing . The label says it 's a `` heat reconstructor milk for weakened hair '' . You put it on your hair and leave it on . Was n't good , was n't bad . Did nothing .
 EVERYONE RATES AT HOW GREAT THIS SOAP IS ... WELL ITS NOT !!! I WOULD ` NT RECOMMEND IT . SPECIALLY SINCE IT SAYS IN THE BOX THAT IF ITS NOT SOLD BY A PROFESSIONAL STYLIST ITS PROLLY A FAKE OR SOME BLACKMARKET SCAM . IT DEFINITELY DID NOT DO WHAT THE OTHER SOAP I BOUGHT FROM THE NUBIAN BRAND.ITS GOOD FOR YOUR FEET THATS ABOUT IT NOT FOR WHOLE CORPORAL USE .
 I ordered this soap and expected it to be very good . The scent is nice , but that 's pretty much all that sticks out . No visible change in my skin at all . It also seems hard to get it to lather . I felt like I had to use quite a bit for that . I 'm trying something else . Will not order again .
 Smells really minty , strong smell but I like it , definitely stick with you , overall not that bad , as opposed to most tea tree products
 i thought this product would condition as well as give body no it made my hair limp no good staying with bed head moisture maniac
 Ca n't believe my wife paid this much for this rubbish ... you can get the same exact item from Publix in a different bottle for a couple of bucks .
 this is not the lash grip for strip lashes this is for individual lashes i am not pleased ... will it work for strip lashes ???
 This glue must be for individual lashes , I tried it for stips and it was a mess ! would n't stay on and when I try to put more on it 's white -LRB- even after waiting for some time -RRB- so it looks like a mess . I also got some in the corner of my eye and it burns so bad my eyes still hurt the next day.Won ' t be using this ever again
 Glue will not stick do n't know if its da glue are the lashes . Ugh ... ! every time I apply they lift right off !
 I was looking for clear color , so I bought this item , but it was white . Very ugly when I wear eyelashes with this white glue.Seller should change product description , not misleading buyers .
 not the best eyelash glue I 've bought . it was really thick and I do n't feel like it worked well . would n't recommend buying it .
 This is for individual lashes only , not for lashes that are all-in-one . Worthless for the ones I purchased . The description makes it sound like this will work for all-in-one-strip lashes , but it wo n't . Just wasted my money .
 I have been waiting and waiting for this package . I live in california and other products have came in a week before . I can not put on eyelashes without glue ! it 's like a bike without wheels ! Come on !!!!!
 this has nothing to do with pokemon!all it is is a pokemon pikachu printed on a spray bottle and the box!simply pointless.a waste of money .
 The product description is a case of 24 bottles . They send you 1 bottle and claim that '' Amazon mis-describes it '' Oh yes , like a single 4 oz . bottle actually lists for $ 65.85 .
 I ordered this product because I have enjoyed wearing it over the years and it is difficult to find locally . However , when I received the product , it was not the 2.5 oz Cologne Spray . Instead , it was the 2.5 oz . Eau de Toilette spray which is much less concentrated and does not last as long . I should have known this from the price of the product , I suppose , but I thought perhaps it had come down in price . I wo n't make that mistake again . I 'm an Amazon Prime member , so I do a lot of business with Amazon . This is the first time I 've ever been disappointed in a transaction with Amazon .
 Bleeding heck - why pay more than a buck for shampoo ... . unless you 're really trying to bankrupt yourself ? -LRB- my wife apparently is -RRB- .
 It has been quite a few years since I have had this scent so I was pretty excited to find it for a very good deal . However , this perfume smells so funky that I 'm almost positive it is very old and/or has been stored in a situation with extreme temperatures . When it first is sprayed on , it literally makes you gag . . there is an extra `` funk '' to the odor . In a minute or two , that initial odor goes away , but the scent left behind is a very mutated -LRB- and musty and stale -RRB- form of what the perfume is supposed to smell like.I 've always had great luck with Amazon , so I am going to give the benefit of the doubt here and assume this to be a random occurence with perhaps only a few of the bottles ... however , I felt I should warn others in the event that it is indeeed a more wide spread issue . -LRB- Oh . . and one more note ... I could not return it because the outer box of the perfume -LRB- not the packaging box -RRB- was so tight and stuck together that it was torn significantly when I tried to open it ... so if you do decide to order , be warned about the bottle 's box , take great care to NOT rip it as I did so that you can return the perfume if you have the same experience I did -RRB- .
 This brush feels like a bunch of unfolded paper clips rubbing on your scalp . I do n't normally have a soft head but this thing hurts ! The bristles are very sharp and hardly bend . If you like sharp edges scraping your head this may be the brush for you , otherwise look elsewhere .
 This is the worst smelling crap I have on my shelf . I do n't use it except to wash grease and oil off my hands after working on my car .
 Appears to have been watered down , does not smell like PS cologne . The package was not sealed like a new package would have been . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I used Paul Sebastian in the past and this stuff ai n't the same . Smells like bad old spice stale barber shop crap . Very unhappy with this . the bottle does n't have the words `` fine cologne '' on it like in the picture , that is why I think it 's fake . Go to a retail store and sample it in person , pay for it there and support your local economy . Do not buy this via amazon , no return policy does n't help when the sent you bought smells like your dead uncle !
 i bought this because i wanted a new cologne for myself it finally got in the mail today -LRB- before i ordered it i did read it was for mature men , im 16 , and i didnt listen to the reviews -RRB- i used one spray on my wrist and instantly i got a sent of flowers / or old church . this definantly reminds me of old men , so i deffinantly dont recomend this cologne to anyone under atleast 35 .
 This product arrived and had a leak and the top was full of dried up gunk in a sealed package . I used Amazon 's return option and its says . `` The items for this order are displayed below . Please follow the return instructions that are displayed for each item . For more details on what can be returned , please see our Return Policy . ''
 Absolutely no character . And does n't last longer than a few seconds . Spend a little bit more for a worthwhile product , but definetely not this one . On second thought , I think the seller cheated both Amazon and the customer who , unfortunately , is me .
 This was probably one of the worst products I 've used . I just used a little on my wrist and the smell made me sick to my stomach . I was told that I could n't return it because it 's considered a hazardous material so I had to get rid of a whole bottle .
 It does n't smell like what the description was telling me . It has a very strong alcohol smell . The package does n't look right either . I think it is a fake or water down product .
 I have used Paul Sebastian for at least 8 years -- I ordered two bottles from Amazon and both had `` turned '' the scent was non-existent . Amazon does not take returns on this product because it is considered a hazardous material . That would be correct the scent is hazardous and nothing like what is available in the store . Buyer beware when purchasing fragrance online .
 You like a male sent . It so offened me I gave it to a male he liked the smell . How much more could you say . It was gritty too .
 Bleeding heck - why pay more than a buck for shampoo ... . unless you 're really trying to bankrupt yourself ? -LRB- my wife apparently is -RRB- .
 I do not recommend this item - I used it for more than 4 months and it did not work .
 There is something wrong with these wipes they leave a very bad smell on your hands when using . we have been using these wipes for years at the sheriffs police and never had this problem before . We are not using these wipes at all , sorry we order them .
 It did work , but it made my hair feel disgusting . If you just need it to look fuller , but do n't ever want to touch it , it 's great . I think the TIGI little pump bottle -LRB- purple round dispenser -RRB- works even better , but still leaves a residue that makes my scalp feel like it is suffocating .
 This brush is part of a set called Non-surgical Face Lift which appears to be based on powdered egg-white and other things in the oil and cream . The products are not bad ; they also are not unique , and fairly costly.My main problem is with the company 's customer service . I had a credit card stolen which was unfortunately the card I had used to charge these products . Other companies called me , sent me e-mails . This company said they sent me a postcard , but I never saw it . The only way I knew that I was dilinquent with them was the collection agency letter . If that is ok business practice with you , buy from them . I wo n't be purchasing anything else from Distinction Beauty . Under our capitalistic system , there are too many competitors to buy from to suffer being dealt a hand like that !!
 One of the main reasons I ordered this spa was because of the first review that said this spa has a timer and can be set up to 12 hours in advance . Wrong . This spa does not have a timer . It only has an on/off switch .
 This cologne smells cheap and sharp . I can hardly stand to be near my husband when he wears it . I would never buy it and am sorry that my husband did .
 To me this is not for the younger crowd . This smells like something `` Floyd the barber '' on Andie Griffith might wear . I do give it a thumbs up for longevity and staying power . That is why it earned 2 stars rather than 1 star . The bottle I have is a .50 oz . that came in a gift set of 5 different colognes . I purchased this gift set approx 2005 or 2006 at Walmart around Christmas time . I still have 80 % of the bottle left if that tells you anything . It is the eau de toilette . Nothing really special about it to me . No sweet notes , no spicey notes , just old man smell . Personally I think a stale fart , arm pit odor or dirty feet smells better . I will not wear this stuff to work , as I might offend someone . This might be something for the rugged out doorsman to wear in the woods or someone who works on an oil rig to wear to work . If I were to go back to the 80 's cologne I would stick with Chaps . It 's a shame they quit making that . I remember Walmart selling 3 oz bottles for $ 8 back in high school . That was my go to cologne , along with Stetson , Brut and Iron cologne . Unless you want to stink , stick with something else besides this . Just my opinion or two cents worth . However if it makes you happy then buy a bottle and stink . Might as well call this butt wind . If I offend anyone I apologize .
 I remember this fragrance from the 80s but had confused it with a different product -LRB- The Barron -RRB- so when I smelled it , it never seemed right . At first the fragrance was acrid and alcoholic . The it became just alcoholic -LRB- a friend said I smelled like an alcoholic ! -RRB- . Then the nasty fragrance settled and never went away . If you remember your guy friends in the 80s who wore too much fragrance and liked it , then this is the fragrance for you . As for me , I gave it away after smelling it for only a day . And I gave it to a friend in China so I do n't ever have to smell it again if I can help it.I also bought The Barron today to make up for the horrible mistake I made.Worst . Fragrance . Ever .
 I usually buy the Eau de Grey Flannel and I love wearing it _ although the scent does n't last very long _ but I had never tried the `` Grey Flannel '' , so , since the `` Eau '' was n't in stock , I ordered this product after reading a lot of good reviews about it.Well , I must say it 's just too heavy and sweet for me ... it does n't have that fresh feel scent that I enjoy in the Eau de Grey Flannel.I wish I had tried it on in a perfume store before buying it ...
 I guess I felt I needed to take a trip down memory lane.I used Grey Flannel in the 80 's and it 's everything it was back then.I do n't know if this could be understood , but I would say it 's warm , sweet and heavy.Unless you want to revive some memory via a cologne , I would not recommend this product .
 My old roommate used to wear this stuff and it always stank like crusty mule taint . However for a cologne from the 70 's with patchouli that really should n't come as much of a surprise . If you like it though , then go for it .
 Take this cologne and add a bit of inevitable , daily underarm-sweat and you 've got a biological weapon on your hands .
 Grey Flannel smells HORRIBLE . My roommate wore it for the first time yesterday ; I came home when he was n't here but had worn it when he left the house while I was gone , and I figured he had sprayed the house with Raid , even though we do n't have bugs . I was THAT SURE that that 's what he had done , though , because this stuff smells that much like bug killer . When he came home a little later , though , I smelled it on him and wanted to vomit . He said he had to use it 'cause it 's all he has around right now and ca n't afford anything else ; that 's another tip that this stuff is cheap and crappy . Seriously , though -- deodorant is much better than this stuff ; well , actually , ANYTHING is . Your dog peeing on you would even be an improvement .
 What a shame . This is Grey Flannel ? What ? ... Where ? Not here that 's for sure . What is up with all of these wan na be colognes , toilette sprays and slashes that are watered down and last one minute ? I purchased 3 Grey Flannel products , a Toilette Spray , this and the cologne , and all of them are made the same ... WATERED DOWN ! I really do n't understand what all the hype was about on the reviews because this is NOT the real Grey Flannel.As I mentioned in my other review for the Toilette Spray , I have half a bottle of the original Grey Flannel , which I have had since 2006 , and I can honestly tell you that it lasts ALL DAY . The problem with the oil version , although it is the best and not sold on Amazon , it stains your clothes if it comes in contact.Guess my search for a long lasting fragrance continues . I am thinking of going to this place in the East Village where you can try on fragrances and see which one suits you . Who knows ? I do know this , this is not worth a nickel and people who have praised this must either be caught up in the moment , or may just have the right chemistry to get something out of this garbage.I will not be purchasing any more of any of these types of products from Amazon that 's for sure . They ALL seem to be the same ... Trash .
 Although the description says it is EDT the main title of this product says that it is a cologne . It is not a cologne , so read everything before you buy .
 This cologne smells HORRIBLE . I had previously worn Eau de Grey Flannel and thought this was the same , but it is NOT . It smells like a combination of Raid and gasoline , not the wonderfully masculine woodsy smell that Eau de Grey Flannel is . I am also extremely disappointed that Amazon will not take a return or exchange on this item as it is NOT at all what I wanted and now I have to take the $ 20 hit . BEWARE that this is a VERY different product than Eau de Grey Flannel .
 Crap ! ... Nah . . I mean , I 'm glad it works for most of you . . at least it seems like it . In my opinion it should be named `` Massive Wet Noodle '' . I actually did n't get any volume out of this product and it does n't lather very well either . On the flip side it smells great -LRB- I could smell my hair all day -RRB- , and it made it soft . So ... it has its pros and cons .
 I 've used lots of volumizing products on my straight , fine Scandinavian hair . This is one of my least favorite . It 's very thin liquid , which is hard to apply ... you ca n't really spread it around and make sure it 's applied evenly . You can very easily apply way too much without realizing it , or have a patch with way too much on it . Oh , you 'll realize it once your hair is almost dry ... as it looks weird and frizzy , and you might have a crispy patch or two . I gave it two stars because it DOES add volume , it 's not totally useless . It 's just not worth how much of a pain it is to apply . There are better products out there ! If your hair is longer , try Sexy Hair 's version of this TIGI Superstar gel , called Big Sexy Blow Dry Volume Gel . That one 's much easier to apply , and it delivers almost the exact same results without the crispy frizz . If you have short hair -LRB- above shoulder-length -RRB- , try a dimesize of TIGI Small Talk styling cream . -LRB- Whatever your hair length , try the TIGI Catwalk rootboost spray ... it can be used in conjunction with a volumizing gel/cream or on its own , and it rocks ! -RRB-
 I tried this when it first came out , It did give my hair volume but it also gave me alot of static & a dry feeling -LRB- making it very hard to style -RRB- . I tried it do to reveiws & beauty awards by several magazines , but I was very disappionted . After trying it several time I ended up tossing it
 I have fine hair and needed some volume . I was n't too impressed with this product . After I used it -LRB- every time , mind you -RRB- my hair had a really weird texture , it did n't feel nice when I touched it and it made my hair heavy . I could n't wait to wash it out each time . I kept going back to using it because I thought maybe I had n't used it properly the time before . I experimented with the amount of product I put on and where I applied it , and every time it was the same . I ended throwing out the bottle that was still half full .
 I had this product on the shelf for over a year . Everyime I used it , except for making my hair a bit easier to comb through , I wondered
 I would like to review this product but I never recieved it . Quite a disappiontment considering it was a Christmas present
 THIS LOTION DID NOT SMELL LIKE THE PERFUME , IF ANYTHING I AM CONCERNED IT ` EXPIRED ' OR WAS A BAD BATCH . IT SMELLS WEIRD AND LOOKS WEIRD I HAVE NEVER HAD A PALE YELLOW LOTION BEFORE . NOT TO MENTION WHEN IT GOT IT IN THE MAIL DESPITE GREAT PACKAGING , THE TOP WAS BENT LIKE IT HAD BEEN LEVELING A TABLE ...
 Not sure if this is a real Loves Baby Soft product . The label is a stick on label , not a printed on like the other , and it was not the quite the same logo as other Loves Baby Soft we have purchased . My wife thought it did not feel or smell like her Loves Baby Soft . Can not reccomend purchasing from this source .
 I had been using their original cleaner premixed in the little plastic jars and loved it for years so I ordered several of these little packets for my daughter and I . It is not the same . It cleans well , but the formula gets very thick and gel-like very fast with thick clumps so that you have to add hot water . I used a brand new container just once on diamond studs and then two weeks later went to use it again , and it was all thick and cloudy and gross looking .
 I did not get what I ordered . I got Eau de parfum of `` Eau de Joy '' instead of Joy . The smell is completely evaporated within half an hour . I am very dissatisfied and would like a refund .
 Received the gloMinerals gloBlush in Spice Berry very quickly , however the first time I used it , it just broke up into pieces once I touched it with my blush brush . Very brittle must be very old cant use it .
 I am very disappointed!I have never rec 'd this item or a credit -LRB- refund -RRB- for this item . I have called customer serviceseveral times & keep getting the run around.No resolution has transpired for this purchase .
 Not as creamy as I remembered , and also , it had a &#34; perfumey &#34; taste . The ones I have had in the past , were pretty neutral tasting .
 Ordered this for my wife as she has used it for years and was running out . Amazon did a poor job packing it and the bottle was broken when delivered . Naturally , amazon wo n't do a thing about it and I 'm out $ 20 ! I also can not return because it is listed as a `` hazardous material '' . I expected more from amazon than what I got -LRB- which was nothing ! -RRB- .
 I have been buying this perfume for years from The Perfume spot and Fragrence net and never had a problem . Tried it through Amazon and Perfume World and as far as I can tell it is fake . If it is n't fake it is very old . The bottle does not have the signiture G on it and it does not smell right or last . Of course I did not realize any of this until it was to late to return . I have never bothered to write a review before but I 'm not happy and do n't want others disappointed too.It 's a great perfume but do n't order from Perfume World and if you do it 's at your own risk .
 This perfume is old , I ca n't smell anything . . all I smell is anxiton ... very bad . . I want to return but amazon wo n't allow me to . Very disappointed at this product
 Although it was packaged in an YSL opium bottle and box , the fragrance was not quite that of Opium Eau De Toilette Spray ...
 I have been buying this product for a number of years . In the past I liked how it moisturized without being greasy or leaving a residue , and because it was unscented . However , this time , although it still lists the same ingredients , it was quite scented , and gave me eczema . If your need an unscented product , I would not recommend it .
 The StoneyBrook Shampoo is great no smell , and really cleans.So I was excited to order the lotion , as I am super sensitive to smells andchemicals . It not only has a smell it felt like my hands were burning.Could not wash the tingling or smell off . . Now I have a $ 6.00 bottle of lotion I can not use , very disappointed .
 Did n't seem to help the redness on my sons face . Plus , it was a little pricey .
 The product delivered is not an original product . The scent is slightly different and not as strong as the original . After about 15min the scent has disappeared from the skin . I bought this item before from Amazon and had no problems.This is very embarrassing , as it was bought as a present and sent to family in Chile , also to my mother-in-law there .
 Who remembers this being banned from public restaurants ? This stuff was banned because it was so strong ! It still is , nothing has changed ! Its right up there with Poison and both can kill a skunk for heavens sake . I have nothing against either scent but lord have mercey on the rest of us-tone it down or outlaw it ! Giorgio is sweet and loud . Nice but such a thing as too nice-those are the kind of people you stay away from !
 I love Giorgio so much , that I could bathe in it . I could n't wait to get it , but when I started to use it I was very disappointed . The quality is not there . I used to put it on in the morning every day and at night fall you could still smell Giorgio . But not what I received on order . After spraying it on , it only lasted about Ten minutes . I 'm very disappointed .
 This is not Giorgio of Beverly Hills . This has a very faint scent with a slightly soapy smell - definantly not made by Giorgio . Have been buying this for over 20 years . This is a knock-off , and not a very good one . Do not buy - you will be disappointed - and Amazon will not accept a return .
 I saw the article from someone claiming that this product was not even close to the original -LRB- 10 years ago cologne -RRB- Anyway I decided to buy one , and this person is right/I compared my new fragancy adquire , and my old one they are notsimilar .
 The box was not sealed . Unsure if the content is original , or not.Givenchy Givenchy GentlemanDisapointed .
 I love this scent and have used it every day for years . I have a half used bottle on my shelf . I tried a single spray from the new bottle , and hated the smell . It smells like burnt wood . It is very , very different from the real thing to which I am accustomed . While the packaging looks absolutely authentic , I can only conclude that the product inside is not genuine . I have great faith in Amazon , have purchased perfume from them before which was fine , but in this case I am convinced they are being fooled somewhere along the supply chain .
 We were disappointed to conclude that this Gentleman by Givenchy for Men Eau de Toilette , a so called `` knock off '' . We suggest you check you supply source .
 I purchased this as a gift . The scent IS NOT the same as the one I had purchased in Paris , France ! This one stinks ! To call it a `` fragrance '' is too good for it . It would be more appropriately called an `` odor '' ! It 's extremely overpowering and awful . A 100 % WASTE OF MONEY !!!! I will never purchase a fragrance by mail again . My lesson is to ALWAYS buy a fragrance at a department store so I 'll know what I 'm getting !
 Whatever liquid they have put in these bottles is NOT OPI ! I have used the OPI rapid dry spray for over 10 years . I know how it smells and feels . I ordered 4 bottles of these , from this company . Emailed them the second I opened the box , they have YET to email me back . Also , these did not come in the newest bottle . They are in a bottle that says
 I tried this on numerous types of polish and it did n't work . Polish stayed wet and sticky . Have never found any product that really dries nails fast or even speeds up drying a little . Waste of money , wish I had n't read other 's review and gone with my gut instincts that it was n't any good .
 I really liked this spray at first , but like some other reviews have mentioned
 I bought with this seller and the Euphoria was FAKE !!! The fragrance does not fix the skin and the perfume does not come with the label.REGRETTED !!!!!!!!!!
 If I 'm elbow-deep in an engine block , or just finished shoveling out the horse barn , I 'm sorry
 I wore these two times and the crotch busted . I bought the correct size and they were not too tight . In fact , they were a bit loose . I washed them using Woolite hand washing detergent.I had a pair of these before and found they were like pantyhose , only with a higher pricetag.Save your money . The quality is n't there . You 'd be better off going to your local retail merchant like Target and buying a more substanial product.The only good thing is that the product does make you look better in pants or whatever you 're wearing.I just think they could be made more durable .
 Product was priced to high for the quality of item ... not as I thought according to discription
 I received an e-mail stating that my item was shipped but that was weeks ago and still no merchandise ! I will rate this merchant as poor until I receive what I have paid good money for .
 I was disaapointed to pay so much for one product , as I thought i was to get two . Quality of product not different than a much less costly brand at the local stores . Will not buy again . I do still like their nail polish .
 I love the first one I ordered so much that I decided to re-order the item before I ran out . My second order from this company came in the same bottles , from the same company BUT it was not even close to the first scent I ordered . it was a different color and much , much thincker and smelled pretty bad . smelled more like cooking oil than anything else . I will not be ordering this agan .
 Received the Nag Champa . It does n't smell like the Nag Champa I bought elsewhere from the same company . It smells like old aftershave . I 'm not happy .
 Was n't impressed with this item only ot one use out of it cause liquid leaked thru the bottle . Did n't have no smell either . Love the fragrance of the Nag Champa but this product is n't worth the price .
 i have purchased other Nag Champas before and this is slightly weaker , and less `` champa-like '' than I expected . fast shipping though .
 This just does not smell like nag champa . I was really disappointed ; but oh well . You always take a risk when ordering something online
 then put a little ... -LRB- and i do mean a little ! -RRB- on and nobody will come near you ! smells nothing like neg champa !
 Amazon sent me the wrong perfume , but unfortunately in their return policy , they do not accept fragrances back . I was so very disappointed . So , I 'm stuck with an expensive perfume that I do not like .
 It really smells like some sort of pine tree mixed with cinnamon , a very distinctive forest scent ! I do n't like it at all ! It 's not fresh , floral nor fruity . I do n't know how to categorize it , other than its just something you do n't want to wear if you do n't want to smell like a log cabin decoration . Just try it out at a department store or get a sample vial if you 're curious . Just because its Gucci does n't mean it smells good.Bottom Line
 I want my money back . The cream is extremely irritating . I could n't even place the cream near my eyes . I tried to use the cream under my my eyes they turned blood shot . to try and use this all over the face is impossible .
 This cologne did not smell like cologne . More like a spray . It did n't have any kind of masculine or even sweet smell . Ca n't really explain it , except for appalled . I would ` nt endorse it . But it 's just my opinion . I bought it because of the Gucci name . But it 's irrelevant . Hope Guuci does better in the future .
 This kit is not worth it - the paints fail , the brush is too tiny .
 Purchased this on Amazon as a gift . The person who received the gift told me that it is either a fake or expired -LRB- sit on shelf for too long -RRB- . The smell can not last for 30 mins . She used the same perfume before purchased from stores and it was all very good . Amazon does not allow return of perfumes . It was a big disappointment and a waste of money . Will not buy perfume from Amazon again .
 I must agree with one of the reviews that its either a fake or expired . I have been using this fragrance for years and am disappointed that it barely lasts an hour . Having worked in fragrance for many years , I noticed after the top notes dried down , it smells nothing like what I have been used to wearing . I wo n't be ordering fragrance online again . You get what you pay for .
 I just bought this perfume 1 week ago and this perfume is FAKE . I have been buying this perfume at a department store and decided to order the perfume from amazon because it was cheaper . -LRB- Note
 I am disappointed that the perfume does not have that same beautiful scent , and last as long as the ones that I have bought in the department stores.It almost seems like it has been diluted .
 I absolutely love this perfume and was very pleased when I first got it . It came nicely packaged in the box and was on time . Unfortunately , the dispenser does not work well so I have to spray quite a lot of times to get the desired amount of perfume -LRB- I compared it to the crystalline perfumes in stores -RRB- . The perfume at some point also started leaking so I 'm really bummed that I got it from amazon ... I would recommend getting it from a store instead of online .
 This parfume is fake.The smell does n't last even 30min . I am very disapointed.The box is fake too.Think twice before you buy it .
 When I ran out of Sung 's Shi , I replaced it with Omnia Crystalline . The choice was pretty easy for me -- I enjoy Omnia -LRB- original -RRB- , I appreciate Alberto Morillas , and the deal was too good to pass up -LRB- about 20 bucks for 2.2 oz -RRB- . Crystalline & Shi are similar - clear , clean , watery , soft florals that stay close to the skin . However , Crystalline is done much better than Shi , in my opinion.Last summer I went through a bottle of Crystalline in less than 2 months because I continually applied it . I really loved the notes and development , and I appreciated it more each time I wore it . But it was an EDT . I want -LRB- and need -RRB- something with more projection , a quality that neither Shi or Crystalline has.Crystalline is n't a go-to , everyday fragrance for me . In fact , I think this whole class of aquatic fragrance is n't for me , but Crystalline is among the best of its class .
 Very dissapointed , it 's like water , would not pay even a penny . It 's a big lie to customers . I ca n't believe Amazon is part of it .
 I would like to return item but it wo n't let me . I have had several bottles of the perfume and it usually smells great and scent last long time . This item I recev 'd has barely any scent at all and fades immediately . It is either a fake , or has been on shelf to long , or exposed to too much heat . I really would like my money back .
 I 'm not saying that this product was not as advertised . Just saying that it did n't have the same scent as the L'Heure Bleue by Guerlain that I wore for over 30 years . I returned it and received a prompt refund . Easy transaction . Thanks .
 I bought this a few years ago-not here - when I was first delving into the fragrance classics and this was so raved . About . Perhaps I got a fake , who knows , but the juice I received I would describe as just boring and nondescript as hell . You could wear it to the office and nobody would be offended , because it just smells like generic soap and powder . Subtle , yes , romantic , I do n't think so . Reminds me a little of Shalimar without the personality or Lauren . Remember this came out before WW I , perhaps it was easier to excite people in the days before radio . I wore it a couple of times and I should give it away . Check the Salvation Army near you .
 I ordered this perfume based on the many reviews I read . I was disappointed when I received this perfume .
 The perfume sold by this vendor at a reduced price is a fake!The smell is different from the original . The color is also different.This fake perfume should not be allowed to be sold to buyers who think they are getting a break in price on the real thing.Buyers beware .
 I really wanted to love this perfume . I 'd heard wonderful things about it , read countless reviews , but could n't find it anywhere in stores in my area . Finally , I decided to buy it scent-blind . Instead of a deep , introspective or even melancholy scent , I got powder and musty , artificial florals . After several hours , it still smells awful . I realize that everyone experiences fragrance differently , but I really wish I 'd known how cloying and powdery this perfume was . Thankfully I ordered from Sephora and they do returns free of charge.I respect that others love this perfume , but I strongly encourage anyone who has n't personally smelled it to order a sample first , or order from a store that 's forgiving when you want to return an item .
 I 've bought this perfume before at T.J. Maxx and it was quitea bit more potent than this bottle . That 's really disappointing consideringthe cost . : -LRB-
 I bought this perfume as a gift . It was a shame because when my friend opened the box , the bottle was almost empty .
 I bought this perfum as a gift for my sister . She lives in Brazil , so I was there and finaly could give her perfums.Unfortunately she was not happy with the perfums , because they do n't have the same smell and she thinks they are not original because they do n't smell the same as the other one she already has . I am very disappointed with this purchase .
 I have acne prone skin , and I am old -LRB- 40 -RRB- , bummer right ? This was not a good match for me at all . I read a lot of great reviews and thought maybe I finally found a good base for my skin . I was disappointed it did not work for me . It does Sounds like it does well for others . Make-up is one of those things you just have to try unfortunately .
 I have used this product for quite some time and always purchased it at department stores . When I saw it on Amazon for half the usual price I quickly ordered it . However , when I used it for the first time it did not smell like the product I had been getting and the aroma was weak . I will not purchase it here again .
 I ordered this item and everything was perfect , however when I opened the box , instead of the bamboo wands I received just plastic ones .
 I have to use anti-frizz on my hair . This product was too heavy and left my hair looking and feeling greasy . I have another brand now that soaks right into my hair which I will continue to use . This product may work better for coarse , thick curly hair . I would not purchase this again .
 I have thick , curly hair that 's very prone to frizz so after this being recommended to me , I thought I 'd try it . I was disappointed . It made my hair greasy , even when I did n't use a lot , and did absolutely nothing for frizz or fly-aways . A total waste of my money . It 's the same story with the FX Curls Up curl activator too .
 The turban was too tight -- I have short hair & have trouble fitting it in . I ca n't imagine it being any easier if my hair grows -LRB- I just got it cut -RRB- . CacheBeauty states their policy is that an item can only be returned if it 's unopened , but how else would I know it 's too tight if I did n't open it & try it on ?
 Bought as a gift and no gift card included . Also surprised that gift wrapping is not available on this type product which is normally bought as a gift .
 You see all of those manicure sticks ?? How many do you think you will get ? A pack of them ? It does n't say . I will let you in on the secret ... you get four -LRB- 4 -RRB- . Four sticks wrapped in bubble wrap and put into a small envelope .
 I got ta admit that I 'm a self proclaimed metro . Yeah , I use the really good stuff , from The Body Shop , Aveeno -LRB- awesome products -RRB- , St. Ives , H2O -LRB- especially -RRB- and more . They got stuff that guys can use , and still feel like a man after using their ` health products '' . Even though my roomate from a few years ago bought this and used it for the shower , I thought I 'd try a dab , and see if it was worth buying after I found out that I needed to go and get some body wash soon . The moment I opened the bottle , this powerful smell of some windex-like fumigated scent reaked out of the bottle ! I mean , holy cow ! I nearly fell in the shower , it was so strong . I tried it anyways , at least to get in and out of the shower , since I was in a hurry . At least it lathered pretty well -LRB- not as well as I thought it would -RRB- , and yet I realized in a moment after drying off that the stupid scent was stuck to me for the rest of the day . Terrific.Lever 2000 probably played ` science lab ' , goofed around with some chemicals , did n't bother to compliment any nice scents with this gel , and with some wierd products came about with this crap ! And to top it all off , my arms broke out in a short lived rash ! Wonderful!I 'm surprised I did n't corrode ! Do n't buy this one . You might be better off washing with freshly chopped sage and some water !
 I used Fiji deodorant for more than 20 years but always purchased it from FragranceNet.com . They have a great product . This deodorant has different smell , the ugly one . Next time will order again from FrangranceNet .
 I was so exited when I saw this on tv , but so disappointed when I rec 'd it ! First I did n't realize that you had to put lip gloss on first and then ` coat ' your lips with this , the container stinks you actually have to pour it out on your finger and apply ! Extremely messy , and for theprice I would not ever buy this again .
 I think this was one of the most disappointing cosmetic items I 've ever gotten . I loved the ad , with the frosty pink lips so I saw a bunch of these on sale and grabbed one of each colour . I opened Peri-Twinkle and was already put off by the stick applicator . I understand it 's probably the only way to use it , as it is mostly just straight glitter shimmer . It 's also very drying . Even if you put it on over gloss or lipstick , as soon as you put this stuff on , it sucks all the moisture out and fades away , so you 'll put more on for the desired affect and you 're left with super dry , ridiculous looking lips . I wo n't use them for eyes or face or anything , I have much better products that perform better and were advertised correctly for this purpose .
 This is not the color i expected , I always got Chanels Naturel and this was much darker.I have been using Chanels Pro Lumier for years and was SO upset when i heard they discontinued it . It is the only foundation over the years that i have found to be absolutely perfect . I bought this item on amazon since it 's not offered any longer in stores but the color was not the same as the naturel i always used to get . It was much darker then even the next shade up in this line -LRB- which i also own -RRB- i feel like something is wrong with this bottle .
 From reading all the reviews , I thought this product would work really well . I was very disappointed . I put a little in after washing my hair and I let it dry . It made my hair disgusting . It felt greasy , tangled , unmanageable , and my hair was dull looking . I have long wavy/curly hair , and I have to put mousse and some kind of product in it after washing so it does n't dry frizzy , and I thought that this would help make my hair healthy looking , manageable , and soft as advertized , but it had the complete opposite effect . I 'm never putting this stuff in my hair again . Maybe I 'll save it to prank somebody , because that 's all I can think of to do with it . Or maybe I can try putting it in BEFORE I wash my hair , because it looks terrible if left in . I assumed it did n't need to be washed out because all the other reviews said they left it in .
 I HAVE N'T RECIEVED MY PRODUCT YET ! IT 'S BEEN MORE THAN A MONTH NOW !!! AND I CA N'T CALL THE CUSTOMER SERVICE NUMBER AS I DO N'T THINK IT REALLY EXISTS ! MY MONEY IS GONE!I THINK I HAVE BEEN RIPPED OFF.FIRST AND LAST TIME I 'LL BUY ANYTHING FROM AMAZON ! THANKS FOR THE SERVICE GUYS !
 i did not like this product at all i have tried every mascara out there and this was so bad i threw it away ... it was really hard to remove and got all over my skin under my eyes , the ease of use was horrible and after removing it -LRB- whick took at least 5 eye makeup remover pads -RRB- it was still all over the next morning which took 2 additional pads to remove do not waste you money !!!
 Happy Heart by Clinique for Women With A Happy Heart 4 Piece Set Includes
 This stuff gets in your eyes and hurts . Its pretty bad and I saw no improvements . Expected much more .
 i have stopped using this product a day after i got it since it irritates my eyes , not a good eye cream for me .
 I had high hopes for this over and under the eye 2 in 1 cream/gel but shortly after application it aged my eyes by at least 10yrs . puffy , wrinkly and droopy . I had to thoroughly wash it off and thank goodness was able to reverse the unsightly affect of this avon eye lift.I dont recommend this one .
 the one star is not for the product itself , but the item I received the cellophane around the box been opened and resealed crudely with scotch tape , the box had been opened and the jar of cream did not have a smooth surface like any new cream would have , but all mushed around and looked like it had been used already . Maybe the half off Avon 's price is because it was used as a tester for a Rep. or something . I would call and check to make sure their items are brand new and sealed before ordering from this merchant .
 Hi ! For those of you not already aware , Avon does not permit its reps to sell products on such sites as Amazon or eBay . Please be aware that buy purchasing Avon products from anywhere other than Avon or an authorized Avon Rep you may be purchasing goods that are stolen , counterfeit , damaged , or expired.Buyer beware !
 I have been using this for more than half a year , never notice a slight difference , waste of money ! I will never buy this again !
 While it 's a very nice soothing under eye cream , it did nothing at all for the upper lid area lift , which is why I bought this product . I even waited to make this review because I know it takes time for products to work , and your skin to absorb the nutrients . So DISAPPOINTED in this AVON product , and now I will have to spend money on trying to find another product . Maybe it takes longer than 6wks , so I 'll keep using it , but ladies with this product you are really taking a chance on wasted money depending on how much `` lift '' you need to your upper eyelid . If you expect immediate results then do n't bother . I did n't even get a slight lifting or tightening of any of the upper lid !!!
 Check out ebay where this product sells for $ 20 + shipping . And I doubt they are losing money on it . Not even sure about the quality of this product either
 I bought their Miracle Noir Mask , Eye Cream , Eye Serum , Anti-Aging Cream , Pearl Reflecting Cream , Exfoliating Cleanser , and Milky Cleanser . After using the products for a week , I developed a rash on my cheeks , the skin on my forehead started to severely peel , and the skin around my eyes felt extremely dry . On top of all that , the Miracle Noir Mask and the Milky Cleanser were so oily and caused my skin to breakout . I 've used a lot of other skincare products and none had ever given me such bad results . I contacted the company last Friday to return the products . To date , I have not heard back from them.Needless to say , I stopped using the Premier products . It 's been 2 weeks . The rash is gone , but the skin is still extremely dry . My forehead is still peeling , but is much better than before . I read the Premier products ' ingredients list . Comparing to other brands of skincare , the Premier products contain higher alcohol content . That 's probably why my skin felt so dry and peeled . The Miracle Noir Mask and the Milky Cleanser were oily , but apparently clogged the pores and caused breakouts.I would never use Premier products again !
 I thought I would give this mousse a try since I love Lanza products , but it failed my test . I have studied hair products for years and not even a stylist , just enjoy it . This one failed my test ... . sorry Lanza . Hot Style Volume Foam from Texturline ca n't be beat ... . It leave your hair very soft ... this one does not .
 This product gave me a serious rash . I sure was hoping it would be a help for my pores . Then I waited just a few days too late to return it .
 I bought a Yellowbird a year and a half ago because my first dryer -LRB- purchased at the professional shop -RRB- lasted more than 15 years . But this one started smelling a few weeks ago as I used it , then the on/off button stopped working . When I plugged it in today , it put out a white smoke . I immediately unplugged it and will throw it away .
 I was very disappointed in this product . Considering the price , it offered nothing special over a typical over the counter gel product at any pharmacy .
 This product does not work well for thick hair , the crimp does not stay at all when you brush hair . I returned the product and have not been refunded yet and every time I call they keep saying they do n't have the package and the post office says that the company should all ready have the package -LRB- but the company keeps saying they do n't have the package -RRB- . Do not do business with American RX !!!
 This is some of the worst shampoo that I have ever bought for my dreads . Not only is it nearly impossible to get all of the soap out with you shower , but the crap is making me dreads frizzy and causing them to come undone . I have had my dreads for YEARS and never run into something like this . You definitely get what you pay for . I despise the customer service of one of the other company 's but it looks like I am going back to them after the bad experience with this garbage . I would give it zero stars but it wont let me .
 Before buying this I made sure I read plenty of reviews ; they were all pretty good . Well , I was really disappointed . Not only was the smell horrendous but it BURNED my scalp really bad . It quite literally smelled and looked like flea and tick dog shampoo . I do n't have sensitive skin but this product left my scalp burned really bad . I do n't recommend this product to anyone and will never buy/use this product again .
 I got this product in addition to several others from the same company for my daughters hair . I really liked all of the other products , but this one isnt very tingly , doesnt seem like shampoo , and smells like muscle rub . I am not a dreadlock expert , and I dont know exactly what dreadlock shampoo is supposed to be like , but it doesnt seem to take the wax buildup out of her hair , and I am currently in the long and painful process of trying to take the dreads out of her hair . Im not impressed with this but I guess I might have been if I knew more what to expect from a dread shampoo .
 I bought this because there was something in the description about &#34; stencils &#34; or something like that . This kit is really junky . Besides the tint itself , it came with some really cheap half hearted wax strips on plastic that I do n't see how one could use for accurate waxing - just a long rectangular strip . No ones eyebrows are straight like that.The tint itself is more like almost black . I do n't know what their &#34; light brown &#34; is like . I found that as a natural blond , in a pinch , if I leave it on for 10 SECONDS it will not look weird . Anything over that , and I look like Groucho Marx for a week.If you can get your hands on some Intensive Lash/Brow tint , go for that .
 I am dying my eyebrows for over 10 years now . I followed the instructions and did it for 2-3 min on each eyebrow , for 4 -LRB- ! -RRB- times each . It slightly tinted my -LRB- blonde -RRB- eyebrows .
 I was ecstatic when I tried this product . My brows were the perfect color even when I was n't wearing makeup . And the hair removal stickers really worked . I had to call my daughter right away 24 hours later to tell her how great they looked . But I told I could n't find anywhere on the box as to how long the color should last . She looked it up online and thought it was at least month , six weeks ? Well , to my dismay the color lasted 11 days . I was very disappointed and wo n't be purchasing this product again .
 I did not like this product . It had no effect whatsoever on my brown eyebrows . Maybe it 's better for blonde brows . I was trying to darken mine so I do n't need a pencil . The shaping portion of this kit was OK for the larger areas around the eyes but the tweezer gets the rest . I 'll save my money next time .
 it 's very hard got it off . I used soap , facial cleanser . Eventually it did come off , but the skin was red and broken .
 This is not light brown . My brows came out black . Thankfully , I had lemon juice on hand and it lightened them . I also had to buy hair dye and get them lighter that way . Avoid it .
 This head wrap definitely looks better on the mannequin than it does on me or would on anyone else . I think there must be a bate and switch because the wrap I got is more of a yellow leopard print and does not even look close to what is shown in the picture . It looks like it came from the dollar store in a package of 10 for a dollar . The fabric is pretty cheesy . Wait ! That 's it . The yellow color reminds me of cheese ! Enough said .
 Why did I spend this much on nail clippers ? Not any different than the $ 1 pairs at any drug store !
 Received this product in good time . Just opened it to try it out before a vacation . Found that the safety seal had been broken and the roller ball was jammed way up in the cap . I now find out that I am unable to return it because it is considered hazardous material . This is a good lesson . Never order something liquid that would be considered hazardous .
 This product is supposed to prevent support belts from shifting . It had very little effect on my hernia support belt and it continues to shift . It may be because the product will not work for close mesh belts .
 It does stay somewhat wo n't hold a size five tear drop breast form , can , t go braless.shipping was almost the cost of the breast forms
 does not work well , makes body sweat and item falls off . would not purchase at all , tried it did not like it
 It does n't hold at all . J/B weld or super glue is better , the product does not due anything it should . tried 3 times in different manors & being very clean it stills does not hold .
 The ball mechanism does not turn easily and the glue hardly sticks . I found thois product disappointing and a waste of money. ;
 This product took too much time to adhere a support stocking to my calf . When I finally applied enough to do the job , it was messy . Worst product of this kind I have ever used . Will not buy it again .
 It does not stay . I used to by body glue from Beauticontrol Cosmetics until they discontinued the product . Now , that 's a product that worked . It does not matter if you sweat or stay dry simply moving around will cause the garment to become unstuck . It also smells like rubbing alcohol when it is applied .
 Do n't buy this product , it is useless , it does not work at all , I should ask for my money back .
 It was very stick and did not work well . And it was hard to get off your skin . Not sure if I want to try it again .
 I ordered this product for the use of breast form adhesive . This was advertised as the primary use on the website . There is no way that this product could ever hold a breast form in place !! Not only is this product loosened with water , it does not hold through sweat , which happens when you have silicone ; rubber like forms glued to your chest ! Works hreat tovhold stockongs in place , as well as a short or collar lie . Would never reccomend for use with breast forms !!!!!!!!!
 I have tried this product and I ca n't seem to get it to work , it 's supposed to help clothing stick to skin .
 Do n't waste time and money ordering this product . It failed to hold a very small set of breast forms . Bad !
 I bought this to hold a low cut dress in place . It did not work as expected , I followed the directions but it did n't hold any material in place . I would not recommend this product .
 This item is a joke . Or maybe only good for the polar regions . The reason I can not recommend this item lies within the fact that the adhesive is not waterproof and thus will dissolve when the user is sweating . Living in Hawai'i , that is a given . But if You live in Iceland it may work .
 I got this to help keep my wig in place . It did n't work for me . Will try to find another use for it .
 I tried it twice on my artificial foam breasts . Do n't hold . Would not recommend purchase purchase of this item . I 've had good luck so far on amazon.com ; until now .
 IT Stays Body Adhesive does n't stay , well at least on me . I put it on completely dry skin but within less than an hour of use , the adhesive was n't sticking . Apparently , the body 's natural oils and sweat makes this item not work the way it 's supposed to . It 's a bit of a gooey mess as well . You have to turn the roll-on ball with your finger to get it to move because it sticks to the opening of the bottle . Therefore , you get the sticky goo all over your fingers . Luckily , it washes off easily with water . Plus as I said before , it washes off easily with your sweat and natural body oils . So unless you have dry skin all day , this wo n't work .
 My husband received the three containers of IT Stays Body Adhesive and all of the containers had leaked . The caps were not tightly secured on the bottles and as a result , each container had leaked sufficiently to coat all the bottles . The safety seals indicated that who ever tightened the caps did not tighten them enough to prevent leaks . This is the second batch of jobs It Stays that has been delivered this way . I am unlikely to order this product again because of this continuing problem . The product inside the bottle works fine.You need to improve you packaging quality control . -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I will have the warehouse send you replacement bottles of it stays . Is it going to the same address ? Was the response 1/5/11 . No product was received despite confirming the correct address.Can you provide me your amazon # so i can look up original orderThanksAlexwas the response 1/19/11 . No product received despite sending the original amazon # . I am disappointed with the customer service and do not plan to use this vendor in the future . We have not received the replacement product to date.Angela
 Based on a suggestion from a customer 's review , I bought the product to be used in helping to hold up thigh high compression stockings . It did not work for me!Maybe it can be used for something with less pull/tension . At the moment I have no idea what I can use the product for ; maybe my daughters will be able to think of something for themselves , being nearly 70 years old I ca n't envision needing it for anything!It might be ok for decollete use !
 Maybe I expected too much . I needed the product to stick fabric to fabric ... dress to bra . Did n't do it . I did try using it bra to skin as well and it did n't stick there either . Pretty much a waste of money .
 As a professional Santa with a fake beard I 'm always looking for a good way to attach my beard . I bought this thinking the roll on application would make it easy , and it did , unfortunately the product was not tacky enough to attach the beard . For me , I needed something quick to apply and held up . This did not work out for me at all .
 I bought this product because I wanted to find a body/skin adhesive that I could experiment with putting on my skin and holding my skin in place . The first and only time I tried the glue , I put some on in a sensitive area of my body . I figured it would be fine because after all it 's body adhesive , but I soon noticed red , dot-shaped marks on my skin and washed it off but it was too late - the glue had already burned into my skin -LRB- within 15 minutes of use -RRB- and left small dot-shaped cuts that have still not fully healed . It began bleeding and eventually started scabbing - it was awful ! This was 2 weeks ago and I am still waiting for the cuts to heal . This stuff is horrible in my opinion and although you might not have any problems with it , be very careful about putting it in a sensitive area . I would not buy it and look for something hypoallergenic instead . I should have judged it by the smell it has , before I put it on . It smells really bad - like that standard kind of toxic glue . Trust me , do not buy it !
 FORTUNATELY , I tried this adhesive well before the main event and it did not hold a sheer scarf in place on upper arms or shoulders ; and I could not wear the much prized strapless dress . None of these adhesive products that I have tried work ! WHY ???? i do n't sweat and i have tried a normal amount and a large amount . Also i have applied it early as well as later ; nothing works . I am fed up
 Amazon advertises this product to be purchased together with breast forms . It does n't work for that purpose . It 's not the companies fault , they never state that it will adhere breast forms . The directions say that this adhesive can be removed from your skin with just plain water . That is correct . It also means that if you sweat , the adhesive will not hold . Your sweat washes it away and your boobies will fall to the floor ! -LRB- oops -RRB- Trust me , you will sweat with silicone against your body . Be aware of products that amazon puts together , giving you the impression that you will need this extra item . It 's just a ploy to sell you something you do n't really need . -LRB- I 've come across this scam with them before . This product does work well if all your trying to do is keep an article of clothing in place . Like a strap , or a neckline from exposing too much .
 The body adhesive was bought to hold my clip on earrings and it really did n't hold well , most of the time the earrings would fall off and I would have to put more on it .
 After you sweat a bit it comes off , so it 's really better to continue using the tape kind . It really does not work as advertised .
 it smells kinda bad and it does not stick well at all , Ive tried it several times with no luck
 This is mostly petroleum jelly and mineral oil . Not what i was expecting from something called Rasta Cactus Gro . Going in the Goodwill Bin !
 I bought this in hopes of being able to use it as a pre-shampoo treatment , then wash & condition , and add a little to my wet/damp hair . It made my hair starchy.So I thought I 'll just use it as a body oil , the smell is like fresh fruit . but it did not moisturize my skin either .
 This basically over moisturizes and is n't to be used daily , despite the claim that it can be used as a daily cleanser . It is much to oily , which actually blocks poors . The skin is certainly moist , but I did n't feel it was clean . As a matter of fact , the salt based products from Trillium organics are better for hands and feet because the amount of salt they are made with is overbearing for gentle skin .
 I bought this hairdryer on May 29 and it broke today , July 14th . I have had several parlux dryers and this is the only one that I bought online . It just stopped working while I was in the middle of drying my hair and started emitting a burnt plastic smell . Unfortunately for me , I just moved and do n't have my receipt anymore . I do not recommend this seller .
 I was lured in by the low price of this camouflaging agent -LRB- $ 13.49 = $ 7.50 + $ 5.99 shipping -RRB- and the two positive reviews -LRB- the only available at the time -RRB- . But after trying it , I realize I overpaid by $ 13.49 . It 's basically smelly spray paint that does n't cover anything . I had to wash it off immediately . It 's a shame because I 've been looking for an alternative to Toppik , which works great but is expensive . So it 's back to Toppik for now but I 'll keep looking ... and holding out hope that someone invents a drug to regrow hair . Ugh .
 This product is a scam.its just a paint spray , as the one you can get from Homedepot . makes your clothes and bathroom a miss and causes hair loss and thining after you wash it . it also makes your hair dry .
 I thought this product looked too fake.The color does not come close to looking natural.I found a better product called try gray away.It costs more , but looks more natural .
 I have been using My Couture for 2 years now and I know the original scent . When I saw this price , it seemed too good to be true . But I bought it anyway . BAD MOVE ! This is a total fake . Does not smell like the real thing . DO NOT BUY !
 I had purchase with this seller . Product is not they look on screen . You ca n't cancle , return this product because this one is not selling by Amazon . There are no any cust service .
 This perfume has a very strong smell that 's described as refreshing , woody and mossy , the smell is unique but somewhat reminiscent of a mix of puke and sweat , perhaps is why many describe it as masculine.No matter what you think of it , this -LRB- as any exceptionally strong perfume -RRB- is absolute hell for anyone with a sharper sense of smell . So unless you are surrounded with people with a dulled sniffer , be considerate and do n't use it in excess . Definitely not good for business situations -LRB- that call for a bit of subtlety -RRB- as it can backfire , quite badly .
 The brush completely feel apart prior to using it . I sent a review to the company with no response . The wooden back fell off of the handle and then the loofah fell off of the backing . If I would have had some response from the company offering some recourse I would not have been this dissatisfied .
 This product 's price is too expensive for it 's worth , it 's too messy to use . Believe me , DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY on this one . If you want an alternative for this lousy product , you might as well use a non-fueled household BB-Q charcoal : -RRB-
 I agree with the above customer feedback . I was sent the wrong color -LRB- black and I am blonde -RRB- the company , PIR 's , error and they refused to let me return the product to get a refund to my credit card . The product looks greasy , is in a VERY small tube -LRB- 1.25 oz -RRB- and the total with shipping was 37.00 .
 I do n't know if it 's because I have longer hair , but it was hard to get it on my scalp without getting all over my roots and the rest of my hair . It left my hair waxy and sticky . Also , the product never seemed to dry and I would get it all over my hands any time I touched my hair/head .
 Well i saw the video of couvre and i thought i found a solution of my baldness but its not happen when i use it my pillow covers are turn black my towel are turn black.peoples are also found out that use some kind of paint.I do n't find it useful for me .
 I ordered this product for my thinning hair . Well , I ordered light brown , and was eager to try it out . I applied it , and the first thing that came to mind was `` Halloween makeup '' . Seriously , this stuff smells bad , and looks like makeup . For those with bald spots , this might not be for you . For people with scars -LRB- small areas -RRB- , then , yes , this should work . Unfortunately , this is going in the bin marked , tried it , did n't work .
 This is not worth the money for blonde hair ... I ca n't say about the other colors , but the blonde is the color of make-up foundation . I want the scalp to match my hair , not my face .
 I was disappointed with this product . It was difficult and messy to apply . I decided to return it only to find out that their return policy only allows for damaged or defective merchandise . Buyer beware ! I 've since found another product that has a money-back guarantee and yet another that will ship you free samples . My advice is to keep looking .
 I was so excited when I ordered this item for my daughter . I received it in a damaged box to boot . To not only open it and find it damaged , but a horrific product . It is simply heavy cardboard , that if it gets wet it will deteriorate and fall apart . I assume that the rest of the items of this nature are the same . Shame on them . I , honestly and without exageration , would say it is worth $ 5.00 . The inside is even thinner cardboard . I would never buy this item for myself or anyone else . Shameful that the mark up by them or by Avenue You is so high ... Anyone purchasing this should also note that you do n't get your money back , you get a store credit . I suppose I should thank God it came damaged .
 I have very curly dry hair and needed a conditioner that makes my hair smooth and soft . This one does n't help at all . It 's like using no conditioner and as such a waste of my money . I can not get through my hair even with the biggest comp after using this product . Beside that I do n't smell any Lavender , actually I do n't smell anything at all . Not a happy camper .
 Tried and used a whole bottle . Smell did n't bother me - what did was the fact that it barely conditioned - my hair was always tangled after use . Switched to another organic brand with MUCH better results !
 This product did nothing for my hair , I have a hair loss problem and it didnt even help a slight bit . after using it made my hair dry and brittle , no moisture whatso ever .
 This conditioner looks and feels creamy in your hands but does n't condition the hair . As one reviewer said , it feels like nothing and even applying more does n't help . I was very disappointed in this product . I used it in conjunction with the Avalon Lavender Shampoo . The shampoo is very harsh and seems to strip all natural oils from the hair and scalp . Others are commenting on the great smell - I did n't detect much of a lavender scent . It smells sort of like dog cleansing products .
 After using the conditioner it did not make my hair feel soft . It felt dry and damaged and was not easy to comb .
 Based on the reviews I read prior to my purchase , I expected my hair to feel fuller and thicker . It did not ... My hair felt stiff and brittle . I tried it a second time and this time I could see my hair breaking off in my hand ... the smell was great and that is about all . I am so disappointed in the purchase , price and end result of the product that I could shoot myself for such a waste ... Do n't count on it working for you . : -LRB- while the conditioner is thick , it does not offer a silky feeling to your hair . I found my hair hard to untangle and I spent a great deal of time delicately untangling my fine long hair to prevent further damage.I have gotten better results from generic conditioners like Suave than I could ever get from this product.What an incredible waste of money .
 I have fairly sensitive skin and can get quite itchy if I use a shampoo or soap that has certain chemicals in it . So I 've been on a quest to find soap , shampoo , and conditioner products that have fewer odd chemicals in this . My quest is challenging because I also donate my hair to charity every three years . So I need my hair to remain thick and healthy while I do this . Otherwise my charity donations will make recipients unhappy rather than happy.The Avalon Organics Lemon Conditioner seemed like it would be just right for me . My boyfriend loves the aroma of lemon , so that would be a plus . It would have fewer chemicals . It says it restores natural highlights and color . It removes build-up . All great!So I began trying it . First , the conditioner is very thick , and the container can not sit on its lid . This means one has to really pound it to get the conditioner out . This is bad enough when the bottle is beginning , but by the end of the bottle it makes getting any out quite challenging . It means the last part of the bottle is wasted.Next , the instructions say to massage it in `` from the roots up '' . Hmmm . I 'm not sure how that 's even technically possible unless one had an eyedropper . If I have a dollop of conditioner on my hand , and I put it on my head , it is going to touch the top of my hair first . I then have to massage it down * towards * the roots . I do n't see how I could get it to start at the roots and then work its way out.The conditioner seems to get absorbed nearly instantly . That then means there is n't any left to `` massage around '' and get to the rest of the hair . Over my time with the bottle I used larger and larger -LRB- bordering on , to me , outrageous -RRB- amounts of conditioner on my hair . My hair is currently only just-past-shoulders length , too . It 's not even at its full waist length point . I would put a giant dollop in my hand , start putting it on my hair , and it would vanish nearly instantly . It 's not that my hair is super-dry either . If anything I 'd call it slightly oily . So I never felt as if I was getting all my hair conditioned.When I was done , the hair would feel squeaky clean - which is a problem . When I then tried to comb or brush it , it would tangle . The hair was not detangling as most conditioners would do . It would catch on the brush or comb . So this meant more hair would pull out during the brushing process.All of this was odd enough . I 've tested many , many conditioners over the years and not had this combination of issues happen before . But then the clincher . I was out kayaking with my boyfriend recently , and he looked at my head and then took a picture of it . Apparently my hair is now turning white at a prodigious rate where I am putting most of the conditioner . I have dark hair . I do realize that many people with blonde hair use lemon juice to bleach their hair and make it lighter . I should have realized this would happen.Because I am a sucker for punishment I will try the rosemary version to see if it 's any better , and post a review there when I 'm done testing . But I can unequivocally say that this lemon is just not for me . I would not recommend it for anyone with dark hair , or with long hair . It probably would be best for someone with short , blonde hair who likes the scent of lemon.I purchased this conditioner with my own funds .
 Product dried out my hair . I was disappointed since this is organic . I expected it to be better . But , Pantene works better than this and does not dry my hair out . Smell was ok . It was not overwhelming , but it did not smell great either . It did make my hair look thicker , but dried out .
 I expect a conditioner to prevent my hair from drying out . This is the first time I 've used an organic conditioner . Although the texture is thick like a cream almost , it seems to disappear and have almost no affect when I apply and rinse it off . I then try to compensate by applying more and more , but the texture of my hair is almost the same as if I did n't even use conditioner . I 'm trying to be more self conscious about the cosmetic/hygiene products I use but this particular line has been a disappointment .
 Really like the feeling of tea tree oil etc on the scalp with the tingling / refreshing feeling it imparts . This product does not deliver .
 Over the years I am a hair product junkee looking for something that really works . My hair is dry and bleached out so I thought I would try this product but it does not work on my hair at all . I ca n't even finish the product , I am throwing it out . It does not condition my hair like I thought it would from reading the reviews . I was hoping it would work better because I want to use more natural products but without the conditioning , I was pulling hair out when I combed it after I washed and conditioned it . I tried Avalon shampoo too and am not impressed .
 Saw absolutely no difference using this product . Found out hair loss was due to iron deficency and not any topical issue .
 I would not buy this product again , not very conditioning . Leaves hair feeling dry and tangled . Does n't feel like a conditioner .
 I was given the shampoo , instead of the conditioner . It really sucked , as you can imagine how it is when you wash your hair without conditioner . . Otherwise the shampoo was pretty good .
 Something about this shampoo that although it smells good and refreshing , it makes my scalp itch . Could be just me . Would n't buy again .
 I washed and conditioned 1 a week but did n't see much difference . No thickening . May work for thinning but I have actual loss of hair .
 I bought the shampoo and figured I had to get the conditioner to go along with it . Nope . It barely did anything for my hair . It was like adding water to my hair . I even tried to mix it with another conditioner . Big mistake on that one . My hair felt like it was n't clean . Anyway , I would skip this .
 I BOUGHT THIS Avalon Organics
 Be very careful about ordering this product . The formula has changed -LRB- per manufacturer -RRB- Note the `` new '' on label . First formula was heavenly -- the very best . This new formula is terrible ! And on top of that , you can hardly get it out of the bottle .
 I was hoping for a great organic conditioner that will help my hair to be healthy and look nice . This is not it . It is almost impossible to brush my hair after using this one -LRB- I have a straight hair , not curly and crazy -RRB- and it makes my hair greasy . Only plus-smells nice . Will not buy again .
 The conditioner was the better of the two , but I did n't care for this product . The scent does n't quite mix right to make a pleasant scent . It 's ok , I just think there are better products out there . My hair is mid length , natural curly and thick . I did n't think there was any advantage to my hair type as far as moisture or frizz free benefits go .
 AVALON USED TO SMELL GREAT , SO MUCH THAT I WOULD LOOK FORWARD TO A SHOWER , IT WAS LITERALLY AROMATHERPY , BUT NOT ANYMORE . THEY CHANGED THE INGREDIENTS BECAUSE THEY GOT BIG CONTRACTS WITH SUPERMARKETS , SO NOW THEIR PRODUCTS ARE CRAP , YOU CAN BARELY SMELL ANYTHING WHEN YOU USE THE PRODUCT , CHEAP CRAP THAT IS OUT THERE IS BETTER THAN AVALON IS NOW . I CALLED THEM AND TOLD THEM HOW I FELT , THEY SAID IT WAS THEIR FIRST CALL LIKE THAT , BUT THAT WAS NOT TRUE BECAUSE I SEE REVIEWS SAYING THE SAME BELOW THIS REVIW , AN DON MANY SITES . AVALON HAS FAILED BECAUSE THEY GOT GREEDY , THEY FOUND OUT HOW MUCH MONEY THEY 'D MAKE IF THEY TOOK OUT THE QUALITY STUFF IN THEIR PRODUCTS , AND SAID BASICALLY SCREW THE CUSTOMER .
 For conditioner , this did not do its main job very well
 I have thin fine hair and I am always searching for the `` miracle '' to a beautiful head of hair . This is not it . It may be organic and have less surfactants but , it 's the thinnest shampoo I 've ever used . Ca n't get it from bottle to hand to head without losing it down the drain . Stupid purchase . Oh well , next time .
 I was very excited about trying the shampoo and conditioner for my thinning hair issue . My hair has been coming out a bit before this but I was completely surprised when using it the first time , SO MUCH of my hair came out in the shower & when I was coming it out afterward that I started crying !!! I skipped washing my hair for one day and then used it again just to see if I was imaginging it . Well I was n't because it happened again . I went to Ulta and purchased some Nioxin which I 've used before and washed my hair with it this morning . Only a little bit of my hair came out ... and by little bit , I mean more than the average person but WAY less than when I used the Biotin B-Complex . Im glad it works for some people and hope it works for you . I tried it due to all of the positive reviews and although I hardly ever review anything , I felt so strongly about my experience that I had to share it . I am sending this product back today ! Good Luck ~
 I have arbitrarily chosen the conditioner , but the following applies to EVERY SINGLE product in this company line.It 's commonly known fact that most of the cosmetic companies claiming to be organic actually are NOT -LRB- such as Nature 's Gate , Kiss My Face , Dessert Essence , Jason , etc. -RRB- . The reason Avalon -LRB- NON -RRB- `` Organic '' is the worst offender in my eyes is1 . the fact that they actually have the audacity to use the word in their name , while their products still contain synthetic , and potentially carcinogen ingredients and2 . I have gotten duped by them in the past and spent a lot of money on their products before realizing how blatantly dishonest their marketing tactics were.It used to be even worse in the past when they first showed up on the market.Enticed by the name , I happily jumped on the bandwagon and kept buying their shampoos , conditioners and lotions -LRB- foolishly without reading the Ingredient label -RRB- , only to find out A LOT later that they all were laden with all kinds of harmful chemicals , there was just had some `` natural stuff ' thrown on top so it sounded more enticing -LRB- and misleading -RRB- . Even though recently they have ` cleaned their act ' significantly , and they now claim `` 70 % of ingredients are organic '' ... where does it leave the remaining 30 % ? -LRB- these ingredients , among others , are still questionable
 Does not lubricate or soften hair . Not even while in the shower . I followed the instructions and even left it on longer than recommended . It made no difference . My hair was just as tangled after rinsing it off . Basically , it does no conditioning , whatsoever .
 I used this in conjunction with the shampoo . It does not restore moisture to your hair , so even oily hair will start to feel dried out if you use both the shampoo and conditioner long enough like I did . I did n't notice any thickening of my hair . Moving on to another product .
 I just finished my first bottle of this product . I am in my early 50s , my hair tends to be oily and I have an unacceptable amount of shedding which is the reason I chose this formula . The smell is great but the conditioner does n't moisturize very well even if you leave it on for 4-5 minutes . I eventually bought Aussie 3-minute Miracle to put on the ends and that did help me get through the bottle . I am reordering the matching shampoo but will look for something else for conditioning . I just wish there were a conditioner that had both Biotin and Saw Palmetto .
 Following my review on the Biotin Thickening Shampoo - I do not care for this product at all . The smell is very similar to lemon Pledge or Lysol . When I first opened the conditioner , it was really a really thick and creamy appearance , but the second I put it in my hair , it lost all of its integrity and seemingly barely covered my hair ! I usually start applying at my tips and slowly working my way up to about 4 '' away from my roots , but I was having such a hard time working it up that I had to reapply a couple times . What a waste of conditioner ! When I rinsed it out , my hair had a dry and straw-ish consistency . Not very pleased . I do notice that my hair has grown a bit faster this past month or two . I 'm unsure if that 's due to the Biotin supplements or the shampoo/conditioner . I just end up throwing a bunch of Dove brand leave-in conditioner because of the way this shamp/cond leaves my hair .
 This conditioner not only seems watered down but it really doesnt do much for my hair either . I have to use a trememdously large amount in order to get any type of actual conditioning feeling in my hair with this ... literally 1/4 -1 / 3 of a cup worth . This wouldnt be SO bad if i didnt have super fine and thin hair to begin with and its short so there should be no reason i should have to use this much conditioner . I have used many different organic types of shampoo/conditioner and never have had to use this much . I was really excited to get this conditioner but honestly it is not at all worth the money paid for it . Very dissappointed
 NOT HAPPY !!!! This what ordered but they said it was no longer available and they talked me in to trying the Advanced formula and it realy SUCKS !!! , ... . GREASY
 I gave it two stars because it stinks . It smells like the old school pomades . I will be buying Keracare 's creme press next time . You do n't need a lot of this either a small amount goes a long way .
 I purchased this brush last year . I only used it once , and never plan on using it again . Perhaps I received a defective brush , but the balls on the ball-tip kept getting caught on my daughter 's hair , instead of smoothly moving through her locks . SO , after one use , I put this brush away and chalked it up as a loss . I own other Denman brushes and ca n't say enough accolades for them , but this one , I could do without .
 Worst brush ever . . my dollar store brush is better than this brush . Dont waste ur money . Think I 'm going to use it to kill flies , at least I 'll get my money 's worth .
 This is the most dumbest comb ever . It was way too expensive for what I bought it for . It 's completely false advertising and I would never , buy from them again . Excuse me for any messed up vocab or punctuations . and takes too much effort to return it
 I purchased this brush to sadly replace my 12 year old Denman paddle brush that finally wore out . Based on the photos and description , it appeared to be the same large , Denman paddle brush that I had been using forever . Once I opened the package I knew it was cheaply made , as it was lighter weight and the handle was not as heavy . The plastic pins kept snagging my hair , again unlike my original Denman , leading me to believe it was just made differently . The telltale sign was one use with a blow dryer and almost 1/3 of the pins warped and melted to the side . I had never had this happen to my previous Denman brush or any other brush for that matter . I am actually returning this to Amazon as the quality is so poor I 'm going to try and find a new paddle brush . Save your money and look elsewhere for a better quality brush .
 Do not buy this brush . I used it once and several of the plastic pins fell out . Very disappointing that I wasted money on this product .
 This perfume is not as described
 I was very upset with my purchase . The product advertised is not the product `` Beautiful Perfumes '' is selling . After ordering the original formula of `` Shaper Plus '' -LRB- which was a superior product -RRB- for $ 15.99 per can , I was very upset to receive the newer formula of `` Shaper Plus '' that comes in a different can , and is not as good a product as the original . The newer formula can be purchased for about $ 8.00 per can almost anywhere . In fact , another merchant on Amazon has it advertised for `` 3 cans for 24.95 '' . Beautiful Perfumes does not have the original formula in stock anymore . `` Beautiful Perfumes '' is showing the original formula hairspray and charging $ 15.99 per can , and then sending out the cheaper less desirable product ... but still charging the $ 15.99 per can . They are using deceptive advertising methods that are unfair to consumers and other merchants using Amazon . False advertising and unfair business practices !
 The scent is overwhelming . Smells like an Avon product . It actually makes my eyes burn when I just apply to my hands . And the skin on my hands now feels irritated , much like when I touch dryer sheets or strong detergents . Not good ! I do n't know if the ingredient list really lists everything in this product , as I 've never had a reaction to any of the recognizable ingredients before , and I 've used most of the ingredients listed in their pure/straight form on my skin at one time or anotherThis stuff is probably not good for people sensitive to smells . Even if it did n't irritate my skin I 'd be unable to use it due to the strong perfume. :-LRB- Ugh . I 'll stick to straight macadamia nut oil and pure shea butter from now on . I wonder why I tried something new when I already have something that works great .
 I had to wake up in the middle of the night to rinse this off because the smell aggravated my nose . I 'm now taking allergy medicine .
 I ordered this product to replenish supply purchased from a store about 2.5 hrs away . The product purchased from the store was wonderful , great consistency and smell . The product ordered from this site had an awful medicinal smell ... almost made me gag and nothing like my original even though labeled to be the same . I was very disappointed and will not purchase again .
 I usually purchase this item locally but the price has increased about 50 % and was quite happy to find that amazon sold this item and for less !! I quickly purchased a couple of bottles to tie me over for a few months in addition to the newly purchased bottle . As soon as I used it I noticed something was different and when I checked the ingredients I noticed they changed them !! The consistency which used to be thick is so much thinner . Also , the wonderful smell is nonexistent . I instantly cancelled my order on Amazon -LRB- hopefully it goes through -RRB- but I had to write a review to let others who may come to the site looking to purchase this item for less . If you can luck up and find one of the `` older '' bottles -LRB- which based on the picture it is not -RRB- then that 's great but I was not willing to take that chance . Some people may be ok with the change -LRB- why I gave it a 2 -RRB- but if the two complaints I listed is why you liked the lotion , do n't BUY !
 In the pan it looks mocha with subtle gold glitter , on the lid it is an extremely dark matte brown , almost just looks black . Do n't buy if you 're expecting a shimmery mocha , the shimmer does n't really transfer to the eye at all . But it does wear long
 I am a big fan of Acquarella nail polish , but am disappointed with the moisturizer that goes with it . I was trying to avoid using hand moisturizers with oil in them , since they can interfere with the polish adhering to your nails . So I bought Acquarella Moisturizer to complete my nail care set . I used it for about a day , but the skin around my nails kept getting drier and started peeling . I think that scrubbing to remove the Acquarella Conditioner had dried out the skin around my nails , and the moisturizer was not helping at all . It was a waste of money . Instead I am going to get some jojoba oil to use along with the Acquarella nail polish .
 This isnt really anything special . Its just a gel with aloe and PCA , and I have had just as good results from either aloe vera gel , PCA spray , or safflower oil . This is supposedly to go with their nail polish , which I do love by the way , but again , I didnt notice any great moisturized results .
 I purchased this thinking it will be less oily . Yes it is not oily but did absolutely nothing for me . Its too expensive for the results achieved . I am considering trying another product line going forward
 I ordered two Paul Dorf Lipsticks . They were awful , awful . Both were rancid . They were so old , neither lipstick went on smoothly . They went right back . Also , I did not receive credit for the postage to send them back . Another customer also wrote a similar review . This is the last time I purchase cosmetics from Amazon . Obviously , there is no way to check for Q/A .
 This went on cakey and tasted absolutely awful . It ca n't be returned because it has to be unused and I touched it to my lips once . I got it from Beauty Encounter , maybe it was old , or bad , other people seem to like the product . I 've never written a review , I buy a lot of cosmetics , but I had to write in case it keeps someone else from throwing $ 20 in the trash .
 I love the color and have used it before but this product seems very dry on my lips so I have to mix it with lip moisturizer
 I would not buy this product again . It smells really horrible and seems to have dried out my expensive cosmetic brushes .
 I saw that someone else left a comment about the strong orange smell but i didnt really take it seriously . It really is a very strong smell and its hard to get the smell off the brushes too . i will not be buying this product again .
 Received the item fast , makes my brushes fluffy , but the smell is horrible . It smells like orange citrus but it 's too strong . I thought it would go away but I washed it with another cleaner and the smell is still there , wish I had tried it before . Not sure if I 'll be using this often but I wo n't repurchase .
 If you are sensitive to scents -- stay away . Leaves a greasy residue as well . I have Mac and Bare Escentuals brush cleaner and both are pleasant smelling and cleans without being oily . Had to throw it away after testing it on one of my brushes .
 I tried this primer and am not impressed . My shadow creased faster than without it . It is also very light colored . I did dust powder over the primer .
 I was excited when I found this item , thinking it would solve my salon visit problems as I can not bend forward or backward . When it came and I opened it I was appalled . I 've no idea how the product picture was taken ! There is no way anyone could use this . First of all , it is NOT adjustable . One size fits all . Secondly , the plastic is so stiff and unbending that it 's almost impossible to wrestle it into anything resembling the picture . Even if your head was big enough to fit in it , there is only a thin cloth strip sewn along the edge of the hard plastic to keep water from simply pouring all around you . If it were actually like the picture , it would be a great thing . How the other person who wrote a review got this to work on a child , I can not imagine ! A great sounding idea but not ready for consumers yet .
 These are not the caps advertised . They are not Betty Dain . They are not bouffant style and they are not 21 inches . I could n't even fit the cap on my head they were so small!I received Brittny processing caps one size fits all . I was looking for jumbo/bouffant size there is a difference I have a big head and a lot of hair . If I wanted normal sized caps I could have just purchased them at my local store .
 The caps in the photo are not what was sent . Instead of Betty Dain caps as ordered I received very small caps of another brand that barely fit on my normal sized head . I contacted the seller and they said I could return the item for a full refund . The problem is that I paid $ 5 for this item , $ 4.99 of which was shipping . It makes no sense for me to return the item to receive a 1 cent refund . I would not order these again .
 false advertisement from vendor SuperBiz - they sent a replacement item other than Plastic Processing Caps by Betty Dain as described & shown on their site . however , vendor did reimburse me for their error .
 Very flimsy -- can only use once . The plastic tears very easily . I 'm using them to cover bowls and wash them to use them again , but these rip before I can use them a second time . Did n't used to be that flimsy .
 I did n't see that dramatic of a difference . I 've used the prescription Retin A .025 % and saw better results even though they said this product was stronger than that . I 'll say this
 I used it for 2 months
 Not sure it is as good as they say it is . How can you tell ? I may try it one more time ,
 ESTA CALIFICACION ES DEBIDO A QUE EL PAQUETE ESTA RETENIDO , ME INDICA QUE RECHAZAN CARGOS A LA TARJETA , VERIFICANDO MI ESTADO EL PRODUCTO ESTA DEBITADO DE LA MISMA .
 I am a fan of Carolina Herrera 's 212 fragrance for men . I usedto buy it on Maxis ' stores . The smooth perfume used to last longerthan any other perfume . Unfortunately , the 212 fragrance I recentlybought via Amazon.com does not last as expected -LRB- by halfday the perfume is gone -RRB- . Sergio
 I have used 212 by Carolina Herrera for many years . The one I receive is not original . I am trying to return it but I am getting a weird message that i should dispose hazardous materials properly . ? What is that about?DO NOT BUY THIS IS NOT ORIGINAL .
 The fragance is very nice , but it lasts very little.After a few hours , it ca n't be smelled . And I think I might be exagerating with `` a few hours '' . More like less than an hour . I 'm not kidding you . I do n't know where Carolina Herrera got the other reviewers from , but I ca n't believe NONE commented on this !! What good is a perfume if it 's persistence is SO bad ???
 i will change this review when i receive it i try to contact them but got no reply just saying be careful if your getting this
 I really like the African Pride Hair and Scalp Spray , but ca n't seem to find it in a lot of stores anymore , so I decided to try this product . I was not pleased with the scent nor dry nature of the mist .
 I notice the other reviews deal with using these as bowl covers . Well I wanted them for my head - since I use henna , and I do n't want it leaking all over . The elastic in the caps I received is not a tight fit . I compared it to my other caps -LRB- from another source -RRB- , of which I still have about 10 , and the other product is much tighter - which is what you need of you do n't want hair color getting all over everything . So I ca n't say I recommend these - for hair . I 'll have to try them as bowl covers , I guess .
 The elastic should be a little more sturdy . It does not prevent water from going inside ; in other words , the hair gets wet .
 I 've used Grandpa 's Soap in the past -- pine tar , thylox , and witch hazel -- and had NO problems . After recently learning that my old stand-by , Pears Soap , had changed their ingredients -LRB- unbeknownst to me at the time -RRB- and after recently developing eczema AFTER using the altered Pears Soap -- I needed to find a new soap . Since my husband & I use the Pine Tar regularly , I went looking for alternatives from Grandpa 's . The Pine Tar soap has n't done much to improve the eczema , but it does n't make it worse . Sometimes I just do n't care for the scent , so it 's not my standard , everyday soap . I hit upon Grandpa 's supposedly `` Calming Chamomile Soap '' and Grandpa 's `` Oatmeal Soap . `` I 've used oatmeal soaps in the past and made oatmeal based skin cleansers at home . I know Oatmeal is a remedy for itchy skin , for eczema , and it 's a great exfoliant.NOT SO WITH GRANDPA 's !! Neither soap was really gentle . Both had a bit of a caustic scent -- even more so than the Pine Tar -LRB- which I never use on my face -RRB- . The Chamomile soap was ANYTHING BUT CALMING . After not having a full-blown eczema flare up in more than a month , and after my husband 's skin issues had n't flared up in YEARS , we 're both walking around with horrific , itchy , flaky skin -- and in areas that we 've never had flare ups before . Not only that , it made our skin dry and tight . And , ontop of all that the soap lasted less than 2 weeks for a single bar -- and we did n't keep it wet either.As for the Oatmeal soap , it started to disintegrate almost immediately . I think one bar was completely gone in a week and a half . As for my skin reactions , it was a bit worse than the chamomile . While the chamomile caused the eczema to flare , the Oatmeal soap -- used before the chamomile -LRB- a few weeks before -RRB- -- did n't cause a flare-up , but it made my skin red , itchy , and dry . My face even seemed swollen after just 3 days of use . My husband had the same reaction , so I think an allergic reaction could be ruled out , unless we both had it . My skin -- and my husband 's -- was so dry , it started to peel . It looked like after a bad sunburn when your skin peels -- but on my hands , feet , face , and areas that could n't have been exposed to the sun in case it was a sun or windburn -LRB- which it was n't -RRB- . I have n't had any problems with the thylox or the pine tar , but with so many companies changing their ingredients and not telling consumers , I have to wonder if Grandpa 's did the same ... the experience prompted me to get my own soapmaking supplies and I 'll start experimenting . Then , if I have a problem , I have no one to blame but myself .
 Based on the rave reviews for this product and because I am not allergic to any of the ingredients listed , I ordered this lotion . It has been a big disappointment . I find it to be uncomfortably sticky on the skin . This stickiness remains for a very long time . The lotion does not feel at all soothing and leaves a shiny surface . My face developed red irritation patches . After several tries on my body , I have decided that I will regrettably dispose of this lotion in the garbage .
 I was disappointed with this product . I spread a thick layer on my skin even though the texture like thin clay . I then exposed myself to strong light . When I stepped into a pitch black room the glow was barely visible . There was no way I was going for a even thicker application . Thank goodness it washed off easily . I threw the rest of the paint right in the trash .
 I am always weary of companies that do n't publish the ingredients of their products.They know that consumers need this information before they can buy.So why is it not posted here or on the company web site ? Do they only want to sell people who do n't know any better ?
 I bought this thinking that it was pure . There are so many additives that I ca n't pronounce ! Not what I wanted .
 I read the reviews before I ordered this product and it seemed that some people loved it and others said it smelled bad and broke their face out . I took a chance , Big Mistake ! When I received it and smelled it I realized what the smell was , it was the smell of EXPIRED PRODUCT ! And stupidly I decided to try it since it was there and sure enough , it broke my face out . I 've decided the reason the reviews were so mixed is that maybe some people received product that was n't expired and some did . I do n't know but I returned this product . Do not waste your money .
 I have seborrheic dermatitis and tried this for about 2 months . It does n't work as well as a sulfur shampoo -LRB- now I make my own -RRB- . I was still left with an itchy scalp . Also , this was drying to the hair . Definitely need a conditioner afterwards .
 You may think that this is a top notch shampoo , but it is not . My doctor gave this to me when he realized how bad my dandruff or seborrhea dermatitis was . I expected the condition to get better , but it had just gotten worse ! I switched to Selsun Blue and I had amazing results with the micro-bead scrub ! So one day I decided to go back to this shampoo because I wanted my dandruff to be completely gone . I should not have done that . The result was me scratching my head all day . When I got home I immediately washed it . And now , my scalp is red , smells terrible , hurts , and is extremely greasy , almost as if it was bleeding . This shampoo has never given me good results . I have to go back to the doctor . That is how severe it is ; stick with Selsun Blue , you 'll thank me later . I hope you enjoyed this review !
 I have not received the shipment so can not review product . I have asked Amazon to cancel the order , since the company is not responsive and has not shipped the item as promised .
 I bought this product and use it for a month but still I do n't feel its pore minimizing effect . I have visible pores on cheeks and nose -LRB- its common for oily and combination skin -RRB- and this mask didnt help me . Moreover if you have allergy on tea tree oil I ca n't recommend this product . It has a strong smell of that oil .
 I really like most Kiss My Face products that I 've tried , but this one did nothing for me except dry out my skin . It dried it out to the point that I was having facial spasms while it was on , which was kind of neat . Maybe this is better for people who have oily skin . For me , it did n't make any noticeable difference in my pores . There are better masks out there .
 I tried once last night and it burnt my face in 5 seconds ! It did n't feel right and I do n't like it at all !
 I stepped to level 9 , after using level 6 for about eight months . Once I stepped up I finally began to see wrinkles become less prominent , and my acne more manageable . However , my skin became so red and irritated and my usually oily skin began to dry out . The results I did see were not worth the side effects and were not worth the money . Green Cream in general has a high alcohol content , and I first became aware of this when I started using Level 9 and found out this is what was most likely making my skin dry . There are far better retinol treatments on the market , especially for the amount that is paid for these products .
 I have to say - I was very disappointed in this blow dryer . I researched quite abit before buying and am quite good with hair so did not anticipate any issues at all . It was a lot heavier than I thought - okay I can deal with that - but it just blew my hair all over - no control . It even blew the attachments off the end . My hair looked awful . I tried it for 2 weeks before buying a new professional blowdryer which I now love .
 It was working fine then all of a sudden a spark shot out of the front of the dryer and it died on me . I was really disappointedt that it only lasted a couple of months and I had to buy a new dryer . It was pretty expensive to die so quickly . I threw out the box and receipt , so I could not return it .
 This was a poor purchase for me . I went on a recommendation from a hair professional . Not enough heat or air to do the job and I have fine , wavy hair . Went right back .
 In our house we 've gone through two of these hair dryers in less than two years.The dryer itself has a lot of power and works well . It dries my thick long hair quite quickly and leaves it feeling soft and smooth , not dry or brittle . I like that I can work faster with this dryer than my previous cheap-o drug store model . I definitely think it is healthier for my hair as well and will significantly cut down on damage and breakage in the long-term ... But that 's the exact problem
 A hair dryer without heat ? Yep . So I ignored the other buyers and figured they just got unlikely . I had to return it at my expense .
 I ordered this hair dryer based on rave reviews on -LSB- ... -RSB- after having purchased a flat iron there , based on the same reviews . Loved the flat iron , did n't end up loving the hair dryer . My problems with the dryer are :1 -RRB- It 's HEAVY ! I have long hair , and holding this monster at an angle so that it blows downward to smooth the hair shaft is a workout . Not fun to do after already having worked out in the morning before drying one 's hair . Seriously , it 's no featherweight .2 -RRB- It looks cheap ! The way it 's put together , the showing bits of glue between seals , and the look of it , are just cheesy . It 's not a flimsy Conair , so why does it remind me so much of one ? 3 -RRB- The ions work too well . If you have very poufy hair or curly hair I suppose you 'd like this aspect , but my thick , straight locks did n't appreciate the way the dryer made my hair lay flat on my head . NO BODY no matter how I dried it.The good things about this dryer :1 -RRB- It is solid , even if it looks cheap . Or so it feels in the hand .2 -RRB- It 's relatively quiet.I returned mine and ended up getting a CHI . I believe CHI makes better hair dryers , while Solia makes better flat irons . Maybe Solia should stick to what they do best and leave the hair dryers alone ?
 Sorry , but I have to be honest here . I have been using eb % facial cream for at least 15 years and found it to be the best cream for me . I love the way it has preserved my skin , and I often get compliments on what beautiful skin I have . That 's pretty special for someone who is now 77 years old!However , the shipment of eb5 I got from Amazon was unsatisfactory . It had a very unpleasant odor , was not as creamy as what I was used to , and my only conclusion is that the product was old and was past its useful life . I returned it after only one use and proceeded to the local department store to purchase my eb5.So , I love eb5 but not the eb5 that was in my shipment from Amazon . Sorry .
 I try just about every new fangled skin/makeup/cleanser , and I definitely gave these guys a fair shot ... The shot went foul ... It left a film on my skin that felt like I had put an anti-frizz hair product on my face by accident ... I smells awful too ... I was bad enough that after a week of use , my husband finally asked me if I was coming down with something and covering it up with makeup!Don ' t believe the hype!This stuff is shimmery crud !
 Do n't bother purchasing this eyelash curler . I am a self-proclaimed lash expert . The search for the perfect eyelash curler is a never-ending plight for me . The tweezerman pocket falls way short of achieving any type of natural looking curl . It basically ` bends ' your lashes and the bend doe n't typically stay put . If you 're going to buy an eyelash curler , the best so far in my experience is the Tarte and the second best is the cheapy rite-aid brand .
 Ultra-Lite Oil-Free sunscreen pump bottle would not spray . Contents were lumpy , clumpy and serparated as though it had out-lived it 's shelf life .
 This has not been made sence the early 1990 's . Why do people insist on selling old stuff ? The company that made salon selectives `` Helene Curtis was sold in 1996 ''
 I just started playing golf and the towelettes are a lot neater and more convenient than carrying a bottle of suntan lotion . The towelettes do not spill and make a mess like the bottles of lotion can . I would recommend towelettes to anyone who is in the sun a lot and needs a fast convenient way to keep the sun from getting the best of you .
 This shampoo has not been made in over 15 years old stuff yuck . This was a good shampoo when it was new .
 I gave it two stars only because is was so inexpensive . It falls often , it 's fogs up and now I can barely see myself in the mirror . It 's useless , cheap and for me a waste of money . Going to spend more money to see if I can get something better .
 I 've had this mirror for about a month , and I 've had no issues with it . I have it mounted in the shower , and I actually had a good bit of difficulty getting the suction cup off of the wall to be able to move it . The suction cup has been rock solid for me . The mirror tends to collect a little fog at first , but throwing hot water on it takes care of the fog instantly for the rest of my time in the shower . The mirror also has a little bit of magnification to it , which was a nice little surprise.Edit
 This thing is useless . I mean , technically , it 's a mirror , but ... The mirror itself is pretty solid . It 's not of the greatest fidelity and water seems to sit on it rather than run down . The anti-fog stuff works as advertised.Unfortunately , that 's about all the good I have to say about this thing . `` Wall mountable '' is a bit of a misnomer . As far as in shower use , do n't bother . The suction cup does n't stick to much of anything . I tried tile , fiberglass , wood , laminate ... when it did manage to stick , any faint disturbance of any kind -LRB- even looking at it funny , it seems -RRB- would cause it crashing to the floor . The only successful surface was my big vanity mirror , which seems a bit superfluous . I do n't really need a shaving mirror on my vanity mirror .
 I thought this mirror was bigger it is only 3 '' by 3 '' and next to impossible for my husband to see when shaving . It is cheaply made something you could pick up in a dollar store . I felt ripped off at the $ 9.99 price when I received it . It is total piece of garbage do not buy this .
 Seriously ... after I bought this mirror they changed the picture of what the mirror looks like ... . so after my experience , you can never really be sure what you are getting if you buy this mirror . The mirror is cheap , piece of plastic , crappy anti-fog covering , and when you put the mirror on the wall it almost pops out of its frame because it is so cheap . This is worth maybe $ 0.50 , but they are charging $ 8something now.Also the size is the size of a KitKat candy bar -LRB- the 4 stick one -RRB- ... way too small.SUMMARY : CHEAP MirrorPoorly MadeHorrible anti-fogWay too small!DO NOT BUY ! I do n't normally write review , but because I 've had such a horrible experience with this mirror ... I want to warn the world . Good luck !
 Do n't buy ! Do n't buy ! Do n't buy ! It fogs up faster than you can say , `` Hey , I ca n't see anything in this foggy mirror . '' Waste of money !!!! Total Waste .
 Small , the anti fog coating erodes over time and has to be &#34; replenished &#34; with a provided tube of goo.The single suction cup was also not strong enough this fell off the tile about once every 3 months .
 The vacuum holder does not stick at all , to any surface . I have decided to hold it because it falls every single time I try to mount it on the wall
 This item is very lightweight because it is made entirely of plastic . The mirror itself is thin plastic so it flexes and is not perfectly flat , which means it 's like trying to shave in a fun-house mirror - one orientation makes the face tall and thin , 90 degree turn and the face is comically wide . One would n't think that 's a problem until you 're about to put a razor against your skin and it 's hard to judge exactly where the blade is about to land.The fogging is n't an issue for me because I prefer to hold the mirror in my other hand and dunk it in the shower stream if it does start to fog.If you 're accustomed to the heft and fidelity of a flat glass mirror , you 'll find this one difficult to adapt to .
 So small . Its exactly what you pay for . And there is still fog when you put it on shower . Its Cheap and gets the job done . Its all it really matters .
 There is nothing to appreciate regarding quality , but it is the cheapest among the competitor product . I am using it and feel it is not even fully fog free .
 The first few months of use it was n't so bad but it was n't completely fog free . I figured with a really hot shower some fog is just to be expected . After having used it for over a year it just gets worse . Its very scratch and I 'm not even sure how that happened and the suction cup comes loose all the time . But if your looking for a good scare to wake you up when your using the bathroom and it smacks the shower floor it will provide .
 I liked this when I first used this , It lasted for a year and would clear upon putting water on it and stay clear for a bit while in a hot shower . But after a year it no longer stays clear very well and it stays spotted & foggy even if you splash water or wipe it with cleaner.It was good while it lasted and the suction cup did a good job of holding on the tile surface of the shower.I suppose it did its job for the time . Also , it is smaller than you might expect .
 This mirror is a LOT smaller than what I thought it would be . That 's okay . But , what is not okay is that the mirror is rather distorted . I do not see a clear picture when I look into it . Its fuzzy and it distorts my face . Its just not what I expected it to be . Thankfully , it did n't cost too much . I will be looking around for something different .
 This mirror is so bad , it 's not even a real mirror , it 's a plastic mirror , that can make your face shape changes depending on the angle you lift your mirror ! It 's so cheap and is distorted when you lift it away of your face . Do n't buy !
 This arrived 2 days ago and yesterday my husband tried it for the first time . The suction cup held onto the -LRB- very smooth -RRB- shower tile for about 20 seconds before the mirror fell . The mirror and the frame parts -LRB- including the decorative parts on the top and bottom of the frame -RRB- all separated . He finally found them all and put it back together . -LRB- The mirror got scratched , but did n't break . -RRB- He tried it on all the other smooth surfaces in the shower , but the suction cup would not hold to anything . It 's being returned today .
 Mirror is okay . Cheap manufacturing but it works.Suction cup is a joke ; does n't stick to anything . You 'll have to hold it up if you want to get any use out of it .
 Ordered this product a while ago after searching local stores . No one carries it anymore or the actual makeup . I thought if I used this product under my regular make-up , it would produce results . It left streaks that showed through . Well , it is still sitting in the drawer of used items I will never use again ! It did almost nothing . The people that suggested using that vagi lubricant were on the right track ! If it was n't for the medicinal odor , I would use that instead ! This was a a waste of money .
 When you receive this you find out that you also have to buy an activating cream but you were n't told that . A waste of money . Do n't buy it
 I use it on my skin sometimes but I dont understand the raving reviews about it . For me it is too greasy and so I dont put it on my face . Like other natural products you only get the results you want over a long period of time . For me in Trinidad its an expensive buy when you add shipping and convert the cost to TT dollars so just becuz of that I may not buy this again .
 I ORDERED THIS SH3A BUTTER AS WELL AS THE 1LB BLACK SOAP . THE SHIPPING WAS FASTBUT ... THE SHEA BUTTER I RECEIVED WAS NOT IN THE SAME PACKAGED AS THE ONE IN THE ABOVE PICTURE AND IT WAS SMOOTH AND GRITTY . THE BUTTER I RECEIVED WAS DEFINATELY NOT RAW ... SEEMS LIKE EVERYONE WAS LUCKY IN ORDERING BUT ME . : -LRB-
 This is not natural , unrefined/unprocessed shea butter . Do your research . Shea butter is never yellow unless coloring is added . It 's an off-white/beige color with a smoky smell .
 I have an autoimmune disorder that makes the skin on my palms very , dry , and they peel and sometimes bleed . I 've used L'Occitane Organic Shea , mixed with Aquafor , after perscription ointments and creams did n't help . I 've had good success with my existing routine . But the L'Occitane is $ 39 a can , which is quite pricey , for me . So , when I found this , I was excited to use it . Especially after reading the description . The price is fantastic which is why it got 1 star from me.As for my issues
 I was SO disappointed when I saw the zippy bag , I was counting on that container seeing I was going to use most of it for Teet butter , for my milk goats.Getting out of the bag after it melted in transit , was a bit of a pain and wasteful.What id do if I had it to do over again , is put it in the refrigerator , them after firm cut the bag off.Well the 1st day I had it , I cut really scratched up by one of my rabbits , So , I put some of the shea butter on the wounds to help it , I think it did help , BUT Man did those Gritty things in he shea butter Hurt.I have n't had any shea butter in the past be gritty , so im not sure why this is and what that means.I do think , its good in hair , I tried it , seems to help my hair and my daughters.I gave one star seeing , They should say how the Package it , and that its gritty in there infoUPDATE-Iv been using this on my goats teets , it does Not work , there teets are way chapped.Im very unhappy with it and its texture is Nothing like the sea butter I had in the past that lasted for ever and was Magic for my goats chapped teets , I feel ripped off and I Do n't believe it is 100 % like they `` claim ''
 this does not really perform that well . it goes on like a dry type glue and makes little impact on your moisture level . I think it might be better mixedwith something else
 I feel bad , but I just had to give one star because what I got did not look like the picture . In the picture it shows the shea butter in almost bar form in plastic containers , so I expected it to come that way . Instead , my shea butter was melted in a plasic zip lock bag , . . so unimpressed . This makes it difficult to use and now I have to find something to scoop the mess into . I can totally understand it being melted as it 's middle summer , but the zip-lock ? It would 've nice to know exactly what I was buying.AN UPDATE
 This product absolutely stinks . Many of the reviews refer to the smell as `` not unpleasant '' and `` nutty '' . well , let me tell you
 < UPDATED REVIEW > After using this for a few more days after posting my original review , I am updating it because I am now fully convinced that yellow coloring has been added to this as well as other ingredients . It actually leaves a yellow stain on my hands and clothes . This is NOT 100 % shea butter . I actually went to an african market near me and showed it to them and they compared it with their real shea butter . It is nothing a like . Do not buy from this seller . < ORIGINAL REVIEW > Im a little suspicious of this product , it smells like shea butter and feels like it too , but dont understand why it is so yellow . I have been to africa and seen raw shea butter and its usually greyish or off white . This is way to bright and yellow as though color has been addded to it . Other than that , its still great for hair and skin but I dont think I will buy from this seller again .
 I tried the shea butter and it was hard to put on , is very greasy feeling , and did nothing but break my face out . I used it on my hands also , and nothing . No softness , just greasy feeling . Did not like at all . I have 2 cartons that I will throw away .
 Do NOT use this product to make buttercream frosting . The color , scent , texture ... everything was off and I even felt a little sick after the party . I 'll just sick with regular cow butter next time . I think I may be allergic to shea .
 I ordered this product a couple of months ago and never recived it . It was accidentally sent to the wrong address , but I mad several attempts to have a friend pick it up from the office , but they stated that the package never came . I am still waiting on my shea butter .
 I was n't sure how I would like the product after reading the reviews thought I 'd try it . I was disappointed it was to waxy for me . But , I 'm writing this review because Nature and Herbs the company I brought the African Shea Butter from was wonderful . They responded quickly and professionally and I look forward to ordering -LRB- not the same item -RRB- in the future .
 I purchased this product because I could not get to my local store for raw shea butter . This product came quickly , but it was not raw . it appears as if they melted raw shea butter and poured it into a container . Raw shea butter is lumpy . When you rub it , it gets creamy and spreads evenly . This product is flaky and falls into pieces . Dont get me wrong , it is real shea butter . But it is NOT RAW shea butter .
 This is not a cream , it is like a very dry , solid wax . It does not readily absorb into skin -LRB- takes at least an hour -RRB- . The price is low but the usability is low too .
 this is either very refine or not real shea butter . I 'm not sure.headline and description says raw unrefined but does n't look or smell like it . feels pretty gritty but not too bad if you use tiny amounts at a time warm it in your hand . then it can feel soft , though I intended it for my hair I 'm not sure if I 'll be doing that now . shame i cant directly upload pictures in the review but I will update with some links when I can
 I was a little surprised because Ive been using pure shea butter for a while now and this one was very different . It 's very grain like and perhaps doesnt work on my hair as does the shea butter Ive used in the past . I am not sure if I would buy this again . Nonetheless it may work for others .
 I was born and raised in Ghana . I have personally with my own hands picked Karite Fruit from a shea tree and ground it into butter . I have never seen Shea butter in a yellowish gold color until I came into the United States . Shea butter is usually an off white , beige color . The texture is smooth and should melt directly if rubbed in your fingertips . This stuff has more of the texture of coco butter with yellow food coloring . The best Shea Butter I have found since I cant get it shipped from home is on CoastalScents.com . Its the closest thing to what I remember from home .
 I have been a faithful customer of Amazon for a very long time , but after purchasing bad Argan oil from 2 companies on here , I became aware that they have a serious quality control issue when it comes to natural , decanted products from outside sellers . It has really made me upset seeing that fake products are sold on here and that Amazon does n't seem to care much about resolving this problem.Okay so on to the product . From my experience purchasing raw organic shea butter , I can say with confidence that what is being sold on here is not real shea butter , but more than likely a similar butter from the African Yellow Butter Tree called `` Kpangnan '' . Shea butter is not supposed to be bright yellow -LRB- but kpanghnan butter is ! -RRB- , and instead should be a light yellowish grey or beige color instead . Shea butter should feel thick , but smooth , and not gritty at all . If it is pure white , or odorless , it has likely been adultured to be more appealing to the nose , since shea butter does n't have the most pleasant scent ever . With that being said , shea butter does not smell awful . If you melt it and mix it with your favorite essential oil , the natural , slightly burnt aroma can be easily masked.The product being sold on here is not `` bad '' per se . It does have highly moisturizing properties similar to shea or cocoa butter , but if I want to purchase raw organic shea butter , I want to be sold raw organic shea butter ! It 's as simple as that . I usually purchase mine on another site for about $ 16 for 1 pound and that includes shipping . Yes it 's more expensive , but it 's authentic . And fair trade too ! which is really important to me.I sincerely hope Amazon reads these reviews and starts making more efforts at better quality control for these kinds of products . I hate feeling like I 'm being duped into buying lesser quality products ! Thanks for taking the time to read.Ps . Straight out of the container , shea butter is not very `` spreadable '' . I usually just take chunks of it and press it into the palm of my hand to soften it , and recently I learned you can make your own whipped body butter with it simply by mixing it with an electric mixer . Both of these methods work great for making the product easier to apply .
 I didnt like this because my order came in destroyed . i didnt basically get my shea butter so it was a waste of my money .
 Shipping was FAST but it 's super hard and has to warmed up in micro for 15seconds to be able to use it but I got this for 2 stretch marks that I have recently noticed behind my legs and used this product twice a day for 1month and saw no results at all so I threw this junk to garbage where it belongs !
 I purchased this product for myself and my mother . When the product was received it was shipped in a box with no accompanying packing slip and no labels on the product . I found this very strange . I have never ordered a product without a label telling you what the item was or what the uses would be . I contacted the company to return it and they accepted the return , however I had to pay for return shipping which was about 1/3 of the cost of the order . However , I had no choice but to send it back because after my mom saw it she said the shea butter was lighter than the shea butter she had and it just did n't look right . Unfortunately I will not be purchasing any more shea butter from this supplier .
 I was excited to purchase this product after reading all the great reviews , will not be buying this again . Made things worse than before the use .
 Not very good at the selling . When they send you the wrong thing and its leaking too and then you confront them they dont understand it . And tell you to send a leaking package back through the mail knowing full well that you cant send things like that through the mail . Try to explain it and they say HUH ? WE DONT UNDERSTAND . So buy at your own risk but dont expect to recieve what you ordered .
 This is not a cream ! I 've never seen shea butter like this - when I opened the container the shea butter was dried out and crumbly , not a smooth cream/paste like other shea butters . Because I was in a time crunch I had to use it to make my holiday gifts -LRB- lotion -RRB- , but the final texture of the lotion was also crumbly not smooth due to the low quality shea butter . The lotion moisturizes very well -LRB- though I do not know if that is due to the shea or the other oil I added to the lotion -RRB- , but the texture is awful and I will never use this product again . Spend a little more money for a better product , this one is not worth a penny .
 I was searching for a `` pure '' lotion without any harsh ingredients and was excited to find this . I was extremely disappointed for a couple of reasons :1 . Smells horrible after several minutes , smells like throw up with a hint of fruit . .2 . Does not work for dry elbows/knees3 . Did not make my skin feel smooth or hydrated/I honestly can not believe I paid 17 dollars for this lotion . It did nothing for my skin and there is not that much product for the money.I want my money back : /
 this one was too short and I could barely see it on my eyes . I 'm not a big fan . the ware is okay
 This review is for the non-waterproof . I see that the waterproof version has 9 5-star ratings , so maybe that is the one I should have tried . However , based on my experience with this one , I would not even risk trying their waterproof version ! I always remove all mascaras with baby oil - waterproof and non-waterproof alike and have never had any problems except with this one and the Maybelline Falsies . THIS is the ONLY mascara though , that caused me to lose THREE whole lashes , just trying to remove it !! I have so few lashes , that to lose 3 , has now given me a nice obvious bald patch on my lash line !! Thank you CoverGirl !!!! ugh . I 'm so pissed I tried this mascara . I 've never heard of a non-waterproof mascara being THAT difficult to remove . I 'm curious though , as to whether it had to do with the fact that I had cried with this mascara on ? Maybe that was the reason it got all clumpy looking and would not remove with babyoil , or maybe I was supposed to use soap and water to remove it ? I do n't have the package anymore to check , since I returned it ASAP ! Wow , HORRIBLE mascara . The most horrible mascara I ever had the mis-fortune of trying . Another thing , I did what one reviewer suggested , of applying a coat and then letting dry and then curling - I let mine dry for 2 hours , so figure that should have been long enough ?? But , yet , the curler still stuck to the mascara and did not curl but just pulled on my lashes . I think that the people this worked well for are just fortunate , thick , curly-lashed people who would have good luck with any mascara ...
 This review is for the non-waterproof . I see that the waterproof version has 9 5-star ratings , so maybe that is the one I should have tried . However , based on my experience with this one , I would not even risk trying their waterproof version ! I always remove all mascaras with baby oil - waterproof and non-waterproof alike and have never had any problems except with this one and the Maybelline Falsies . THIS is the ONLY mascara though , that caused me to lose THREE whole lashes , just trying to remove it !! I have so few lashes , that to lose 3 , has now given me a nice obvious bald patch on my lash line !! Thank you CoverGirl !!!! ugh . I 'm so pissed I tried this mascara . I 've never heard of a non-waterproof mascara being THAT difficult to remove . I 'm curious though , as to whether it had to do with the fact that I had cried with this mascara on ? Maybe that was the reason it got all clumpy looking and would not remove with babyoil , or maybe I was supposed to use soap and water to remove it ? I do n't have the package anymore to check , since I returned it ASAP ! Wow , HORRIBLE mascara . The most horrible mascara I ever had the mis-fortune of trying . Another thing , I did what one reviewer suggested , of applying a coat and then letting dry and then curling - I let mine dry for 2 hours , so figure that should have been long enough ?? But , yet , the curler still stuck to the mascara and did not curl but just pulled on my lashes . I think that the people this worked well for are just fortunate , thick , curly-lashed people who would have good luck with any mascara ...
 Did n't like this at all . It smelled loud and gave off a bug spray kinda of smell . This has turned me off from the perfume too .
 I 'd been using regular Prevage for a while , and figured I 'd step up my routine by adding Prevage MD at night . Turned out to be a mistake . While the regular Elizabeth Arden Prevage is smooth , not unpleasant , and , I think , effective , this particular jar of Prevage MD was quite the opposite.For starters , it smells . Not just fragranced , but really , some kind of unpleasant odor . Nevertheless , I tried it , figuring that perhaps the &#34; professional &#34; grade formula just smelled different . That was n't the only thing that was different.I have combination skin , leaning toward oily most of the year . After maybe two weeks of Prevage MD , my entire face was dry , peeling , and itchy . Worst of all , it was blotchy and puffy . I lathered on the moisturizer , but it was n't until a week after I stopped using Prevage MD that my skin returned to normal.Now I use Prevage in the morning , Retin-A at night , and a moisturizer with each . My skin is much , much better . I am sorry I tried to cut corners , but I am also sorry I spent any money on this at all . I know each person 's skin and reactions are different , but I can not recommend this product .
 As many other prior users of Prevage MD , I began to get itchy spots -- not right away , but after approximately 6 weeks of use . Three spots on my forehead , one along an eyebrow , and one along the side of my nose . This frightened me , given what I had read of the bad experience others had with itching and rashes -- I stopped using this product immediately . I have not used Prevage MD for over 4 months . The itchy spots that developed during use of this product calmed down after I quit using it , but they have not gone away . Intermittent itching followed by the spot getting dry and crusty and then peeling -- over and over and over again . I have made an appointment with my dermatologist and am hoping for relief . Be careful with this one folks !!!
 I bought 2 of these as gifts for my daughters . I have used Prevage for some time now and wanted to see if they would like this . Both of them had allergic reactions to the product and could not use it . They gave it to me , and upon use , I realized quickly that it is not the prevage I have been using . I will not purchase this again .
 I was reading some of the reactions to Prevage MD and I had exactly the same reaction as another poster . I used it for about a month and suddenly I woke up to a red , burned-feeling face . It itched so badly I cried . Nothing over the counter would stop it . My eyes were swollen shut and then my face began to peel . It was horrible ! I ended up going to the doctor and had to have a steroid injection to stop the rapid advancement of my allergic reaction . -LRB- Which was progressing even as I sat in the doctor 's office . -RRB- I do not have overly sensitive skin and have never had a reaction to any lotions or other treatments before , but I made up for lost time when I used Prevage MD. . When I told my doctor what had happened she said , `` Oh yes , that happens fairly often . '' That might have been good to know before I shelled out $ 135 . Be very careful . I learned a very expensive lesson .
 I was given a sample of Prevage by my dermatalogist . Applied it one time . I am not particularly sensitive to lotions , etc. . Woke up 24 hours later with eyes swollen shut and face bright red , burning and swollen so that I was unrecognizable . My doctor ordered Prednizone to counteract the allergic reaction and I am doing better . I have since heard of others with the same reaction . Will probable take a week to subside , hopefully with no lasting effects . Beware , this is a strong treatment . I would definitely not apply any without a skin patch test first .
 I used this product on my face after being recommended to use it by a dermatologist . I used a pea sized portion and immediately my face turned beet red . Five days later still have a red rash on my cheeks and down the left side of my face . I have been to a clnic to receive a shot -LRB- as it was a Friday night -RRB- and get a Rx for a dose pak . I now have to use cortisone cream take an allergy pill -LRB- a.m. and p.m. -RRB- , dose pak , cold compresses to my face went back to the dermatologist on Monday . This might be a wonderful product but please whatever you do test it on tiny area for a few days before using on your whole face.7-15-2011It is now almost 2 years later and I still have a severe reaction on my face when I go out in the sun . That is what I do all summer I am a gardener but I can no longer do this from putting one pea sized portion of Prevage M.D. on my face one time !
 I bought Prevage MD from my dermatologist for $ 135.00 and as soon as I put it in my face I noticed a funny smell , it also gave me a rash after just 2 days . I bought Visage MD with 1.5 % Idebenone and I love it , it has no smell and it has repaired my sun damaged skin . Buy Visage MD instead of Prevage , you will be a lot happier.Gloria De La Ruz
 I had a HORRIBLE allergic reaction to this product . My entire face swelled up like a balloon and my eyes were swollen shut for days . I nicknamed myself `` alien '' . I do not normally have sensitive skin and this product has now made me wary to try new skin creams .
 I , too , had a terrible allergic reaction to Prevage . This product could n't have made my skin look -- and feel -- worse if it had been made with poison ivy ! I broke out in a red , itchy blistering rash all over my face and neck . My eyes were swollen , my face was puffy and itchy ! I do not have very sensitive skin and have never reacted to anything the way I have this product . I recommend testing it on a small area for several nights , and wash your hands thoroughly after you apply . I would give it zero stars if I could . A very expensive disaster !
 I 've used many products and have undergone various minor cosmetic procedures -LRB- microdermabrasion , laser genesis and photofacials -RRB- and I 've never had a reaction . After using Prevage MD for two weeks , my race erupted in a rash -- itchy , red , bumpy and swollen . It 's so bad that I have to take steroids and apply topical cortisone . I have NEVER experienced something like this and hope that nobody has else has to go through it . I now look terrible , feel very uncomfortable and have to take off days from work to hopefully re-cooperate . Please do n't risk your face on this product , it 's not worth it .
 This product causes a rash on my face when used every other day . I 've had to stop using it all together until the rash goes away . I 'll see if my skin tolerates its use on a twice weekly basis .
 Hi , I bought this product with high hopes afer reading some great reviews . I used it for about a month and did not really notice any improvement in my skin -LRB- but sometimes it is hard to tell when you look at yourself everyday -RRB- . I did n't recieve any compliments about how great my skin looked during this time , but I thought , hey , just give it time ... . than after about a month , my face swelled up ... bad . I thought that if I continued using it , that the reaction would go away and I would see some results , so I continued using it for over a week and my face looked BAD . It was swollen and looked like I was a having a serious allergic reaction . It was bumpy and red and itchy and I looked like I was recuperating from a bad sunburn or chemical peel . I had to stop using it , I was in so much pain . I tried it again after a couple weeks and instantly my face was swollen and red again for 3 days . Sigh ... . I was really hoping this would work . Back to the drawing board ...
 I agree with a lot of the other reviewers . I had an absolutely horrifying experience with Prevage , which came as a sample in a sephora package . It took 2 courses of prednisone - very strong - to get it under control and although my face was the worst , it inflamed and irritated beyond words my entire body . It was absolutely everywhere and so unbelievably itchy and painful . I would say I have normal skin , too , not overly sensitive and had never had an allergic reaction before . I am very glad I did not purchase the product , which apparently has warnings but the sample does not so beware if you get one . I only gave it a star because Amazon forced me too to submit this review . It 's really more like negative 1,000,000 stars ...
 Well , at first it `` seemed '' to improve the look and appearance of the skin on my arms , which received a lot of sun damage as a kid and appeared significantly older than my 45 years -LRB- mostly age spots and fine dry-skin wrinkles -RRB- . I would n't say that the improvement was dramatic - just a vague lightening of the age spots and mild improvement in wrinkling over the first half of the bottle - but at over $ 100.00 I was expecting better results and it did n't help that the stuff has a rather offensive smell -LRB- though that does n't linger for a long time -RRB- , so I opted to skip the next bottle for more cost-effective treatments ...
 I bought the Prevage trial kit with four small pump bottles . I really , really , REALLY wanted this product to work . After reading about the rash outbreaks experienced by many , I tried this product using a VERY small amount applied only to my deepest facial creases . It was all fine for about 2 weeks -LRB- long after the period suggested when doing a patch test -RRB- . After that time , I developed a horrible rash on my foot . It spread to my lower leg , then I got patches of it on my thigh . The next rashy area developed on my hands , then I had some patches on my face . The itching is absolutely intense , with small blisters and `` weeping '' . Cortisone ointment helped me stop the itch long enough so I would n't scratch in my sleep . Having it on the foot is agony because the rubbing created by walking causes the rash to itch madly and simultaneously supply a simulated scratching . This creates a viscious cycle of itching , scratching , further irritation and outbreak , etc. . I am surprised this product managed to find its way on the market when there are so many people adversely affected by it . It is a highly-priced form of torture . You may be one of the lucky people not experiencing a reaction , but you may also be one of those whose reaction is delayed . Are you willing to take the risk ? I have to say it 's not worth it .
 I bought prevage from my dermatologist . I put it on my face and neck before I went to bed . I woke up with my entire face swollen . My eyes , in particular , were so swollen I could barely see . My neck was red , hot and itchy . Benedryl did not help reduce the pain and suffering . It lasted for three days . Horrible!I have used many other anti-wrinkle products in the past , prescription and non - , without a bad reaction.I would not even give it one star !!!
 I used Prevage MD for about a month two times a Day . One day My upper and lower eyelids became red and itchy and I thought it was my sunscreen . The doctor confirmed it was a contact dermatitist and prescribed a 10 day steroids pack . However , I did n't stop using the Prevage thinking there was no connection . Seven days later -LRB- while still on the meds -RRB- I awoke to my entire face and neck area in a red , itchy , bumpy allergic fiasco . I had never seen such a reaction in all my life to any food or product I ever used ! The . Doctor gave me a shot of cortisone and then more pills . That was yesterday and my rash is getting better but it was so severe and so shocking to me that it happened.The literature downplays contact dermatis from this product but I 'd like to hear if anyone has has a similar reaction . What ingredient in this product would cause this?Thanks for listening and any input or ideas you have on this reaction I 'd be happy to hear about it to figure out why I had such a severe reaction .
 I had purchased Prevage elsewhere . The product had worked very well . It had lightened some dark spots noticeably and also removed some fine wrinkles . When I started using the Prevage I got from Amazon the dark spots and wrinkles came back after about 3 weeks of using the product . I am not pleased at all with the results I got from the product . It seems to be totally different than the product I bought in the past -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB-
 I love this product . It is truly my go to lipgloss color . However , this particular tube leaks and gets everything in my purse all sticky . Yuck . I think the wand is loose or something . Somethings are better just picked up in store I suppose .
 This lipgloss is a nice color , but it smells and tastes absolutely HORRIBLE !!! And no , I do n't purposely ingest lipgloss , but any woman knows that if it 's on your lips , some of it is inevitably going to get in your mouth . Yuck . This is DEFINITELY not worth $ 24 . I will never buy this again . Save your money .
 This lipgloss tasted and smelled terrible ... like melted plastic . As much as I enjoy Nars products , I do n't recommend this gloss to anyone . Try MAC or Lancome or Revlon . This lipgloss was revolting .
 I bought this because I read that Nars made long lasting lip gloss but this product is just like any other lip gloss to me stays on for maybe one hour or so .
 This lipgloss was too pale , unflattering , and all nars lipglosses are way too sticky , make my lips peel , smell and taste bad . My go to lip glosses are revlon over the counter lipgloss .
 $ 24.00 for a lip gloss , that 's a pretty heavy duty price point for a lip gloss . I expect a LOT from gloss this expensive and high end.I ordered a tube of `` Orgasm '' and expected the perfect nude lip . Nope ! There just is n't anything about this gloss that impressed me . It was sticky . It was n't very opaque . There was so little color payoff ! I have had comparable -LRB- or dare I say , better ! -RRB- glosses for 1/5th the price . I ca n't believe I 'm about to type this , but L'Oreal makes a gloss a million times better than this at 1/4th the price ! Try NYX 's glosses at 1/6th the price -LRB- and I like them better than the L'Oreal -RRB- . Please do n't buy into the hype of the Orgasm gloss . You wo n't have an orgasm when you use it , you 'll be saying , `` That 's it . . ? ''
 When I saw the ad on Amazon it was for Drakkar Noir Splash . The item I got was Drakkar Noir Spray . I do not like the spray , but I kept it anyway because it was less trouble than sending it back .
 NOT AS GREAT AS I EXPECTED BUT IT DID BUFF MY NAILS ALRIGHT . I 'LL NOT PURCHASE AGAIN .
 I paid more in shipping than I did for the product . The product is very cheap . I only used it once and it started falling apart . I may get one or two more uses out of it but that is it . Look else where for something that will last even if you have to pay a little more .
 I went to a nail salon & they used a similar buffer on my nails & I was so impressed that I had to have one . They charged an additional $ 5 to buff my nails so I was excited when I saw that I could purchase one for such a great price & do it myself at home . When I received it in the mail I will a little disappointed that it did n't come with any directions so I had to guess which side to use first . After playing around a bit I found that the white side is what made my nails really shine . I used it twice with success but after that it stopped working :-LRB- It was very disappointing .
 Sorry - You get one star and only because it was delivered in a timely fashion . I got a bottle of what is supposed to be L'Air du Temps which I have been wearing for forty years , but there is n't even any fragrance in the bottle . What a waste of money . I should have gone to Macy 's .
 Very disappointed in this product . I realize it 's a toilette but this one was either diluted or left in a warehouse too long . Bought it as a gift for my mother and the first time she tried it she complained to me that even though she 'd applied it liberally she could barely smell it on herself . She sprayed her wrist several times then held it to my nose for me to smell
 The perfume is not original . It 's half water half perfume . The first one I ordered is original . Moreover , I had to write to the seller before he shipped the product I do n't know why .
 Have used L'air Du Temps for many years . This item is not L'air Du Temps.Unfortunately all the paperwork and packaging was tossed . I wo n't order scents again .
 WHAT A RIP!Picture makes it look like you are getting bottles -LRB- vial -RRB- when they are actually just half pieces of plastic with paper backing ! You ca n't reclose the perfume after you try it ! I am really disappointed . Save your money and get a larger sample that you can ACTUALLY USE !
 Bought this as a gift for my wife , and now she 's looking to give it away.It is described as being floral , and people said in their reviews that it 's a subtle scent - both of which my wife loves . To us , this smells like baby powder , which we both hate . Maybe other reviewers are right and this is n't the real thing , I do n't know , but this also was not &#34; delicate &#34; . My wife felt nauseous after wearing it for a little while . Once she showered it off , she felt fine .
 Way too small , not worth it . I know it 's a sampler , but I do n't consider it an effective sampling amount . Maybe it 's my fault since I did n't notice it before .
 I have Rosacea and acne Rosacea which was under control for the last year or so . I ordered this product to help with wrinkles . Started using about a week ago . It stings when you apply it to skin . I now have three huge painful blemishes on my chin and the Rosacea redness and acne is back around both sides of my nose . Had to stop using the product two days ago . Just a warning for acne prone and Rosacea skin . This product is too harsh .
 This , like several Avon products I 've seen reviewed enthusiastically and ordered , seemed to work very well at first . But , after a couple of weeks , I noticed my skin was dryer and duller . I have very good skin so it is the product not my skin . I 've thrown out 3 of these Avon products that I believed the reviews on and found to be not very good at all .
 I ordered and paid for 128oz . size and was sent a 64oz size instead . I have called and tried to get this rectified and no one has responded to this mistake . I would never order from this company again ! I purchased this item through Amazon from a company called America RX .
 I USED to love this lotion . I have used it for a while with no problems . However , I recently purchased a bottle from a local health store . Very soon after I applied it to my skin , my skin started to burn and turn bright red . I was shocked , because this had never happened to me when using the Alba Very Emollient Unscented lotion . I since have been reading reviews on several sites , and this seems to be a common problem recently.If they changed the formula , they obviously did n't test it on too many people before releasing it . If they did n't change the formula , they now have a major manufacturing issue . I just wish I still had an old bottle so I could compare the ingredients . I do NOT recommend purchasing this lotion until ALBA has resolved this issue !!
 I used to love this product and could not fathom why they would change something that worked well and was unscented for us `` sensitive '' folk . That was until I read the new ingredients and it became obvious it must be about the bottom line . When your first four ingredients go from `` Certified organic herbal infusion of Chamomile , Echinacea , Green tea and Lavender '' TO `` Aqua -LRB- Water -RRB- , Glycerin , Glyceryl Stearate SE , Carthamus Tinctorius Seed Oil -LRB- Safflower -RRB- '' you know it 's about money . The new formula , not only does not feel good , but does not perform as well and it smells horrible . That was how I realized they had changed the formula with their new look . I started a new bottle and instantly the smell was off putting not to mention the unpleasant tacky feeling the lotion now left .
 I USED to love this lotion . I have used it for a while with no problems . However , I recently purchased a bottle from a local health store . Very soon after I applied it to my skin , my skin started to burn and turn bright red . I was shocked , because this had never happened to me when using the Alba Very Emollient Unscented lotion . I since have been reading reviews on several sites , and this seems to be a common problem recently.If they changed the formula , they obviously did n't test it on too many people before releasing it . If they did n't change the formula , they now have a major manufacturing issue . I just wish I still had an old bottle so I could compare the ingredients . I do NOT recommend purchasing this lotion until ALBA has resolved this issue !!
 Having used Apple Pectin shampoo many years ago my mom remembered liking it very much . I ordered a bottle of it for her and it arrived today . Fortunatly , it did not ooze out of the bottle , because the pop open lid was raised . Since the shampoo is not runny , it was okay . I unscrewed the top , thinking it probably had a safety seal , and that was what prevented it from leaking . However , there was no safety seal.She was so disappointed . We both thought it did not smell strongly of Apple Pectin , the pleasant fragrance remembered . According to her it lathered up fairly well , but did n't feel clean , so she rinsed that out and used more to lather again . Then it felt as if she had used Prell or something that really stripped the hair squeeky clean , and she knew she would absolutly have to put a conditioner on her hair . Her thought was , Oh no , I have 33.8 oz of this stuff left that I do n't even like ... I wonder if I can donate it to somebody !
 I was excited to save some time doing my eyebrows with this product but instead it was really messy and looked like I painted my eyebrows . Never going to purchase again .
 this product does not work like it is advertised on tv . i would not buy it again . it does not repair your hands like it says it will do !
 The sample product I tried was much better than the product I purchased . It feels greasy .
 As an RN , I wash my hands constantly , to the point of extreme dryness . In fact , by the end of the shift , our computer often can no longer read my fingerprints , when I try to access controlled items , because my hands are so dry . And , while on duty , we are NOT permitted to use hand lotion , because it interferes with proper hand washing . So , my hands are screaming for care by the time I get home ; definitely presenting a special challenge . So , keep in mind , this product may work splendidly for those who have not abused their hands to such an extreme.I have been a long-term fan of Kiehl 's Ultimate Strength Hand Salve . It has been the only thing to keep my hand 's hydrated , with a healthy appearance . However , my curiosity was piqued when I saw the great reviews for the Miracle Hand Repair Cream . Kiehl 's is terribly expensive , while the MHRC provides a lot of product , for a reasonable price.The verdict
 I read the amazing reviews and decided to try it out . . to me it just smells like its made for an older crowd.I actually decided to give it to my grandmother for Christmas and I think she 'll like it a lot.its not the worst perfume ever but its just not for everyone .
 This gel feels greasy after 8 hours in your hair . I think there are better products out there , it seemed like a good idea at the time
 Despite the product 's claim that it is firm hold , I do not recommend this product at all . It does not harden into firm hold at all . I even tried using much more than I have used of previous gels I have purchased - same results . It looks like a gel but does nothing .
 This product is way too firm for thin hair . Twenty years ago it probably would have worked well on my hair when it was much thicker .
 I 'm an african american male with thick and curly hair so I 've been looking for some gel to keep my hair nice and curly . I was reading reviews on here about how this works very well for really thick and curly hair so I decided to give it a try thinking that it would finally be the answer to my worries but it is n't . I wet my hair to loosen up my curls , then I apply gel to my head ... this barely held . It actually frizzed my hair up about an hour after I put it in . If you 're looking for some good gel for your super thick hair I 'd recommend buying EcoStyler gel ... it costs about 6 bucks and you can find it at almost any retailer . It 'll also hold your hair for a long period of time as well . That 's the best gel I have found so far . I had a hard time trying to find this gel . With the hefty price tag I would have thought it would keep my hair nice and curly . I 'll try to combine it with my primary gel and use different techniques because now that I have it I have to use it somehow . I 'm not going to throw it in the trash .
 The hair gel does n't smell good at all . It smells like very cheap cologne if you ask me . The hair gel is very oily so you probably do n't need to apply much to your hair . I guess the only good thing about this gel is that your hair will not flake . I last boughtShort Sexy Hair Hard Up Gel , Packaging May Vary , 16.9-Ounce Pump Bottlebecause of the higher reviews , and I prefer this gel because it 's more harder and dry . If you prefer oily gels , then get this one ; it wo n't dry at all . But if you sweat , then this American Crew gel will definitely go into your eyes . For some reason , this is cheaper than the SHORT SEXY HAIR GEL brand .
 I received what I ordered but it was not what I wanted . I thought I was getting the Crew `` Super Glue '' . I am very disappointed with the product I received .
 How many ounces am I getting for this price ? 8.45 ? 15 ? 33 ? Inquiring minds want to know ...
 I have once gotten true , refined white Shea Butter from this dealer . And by definition , WHITE shea is refined . Cream shea may or may not be . Twice now I have ordered this particular product and received material which I can not call ` refined ' . It comes in random sized chunks , is dirty greyish colored , and the aroma is very akin to the unrefined yellow . In my discourse with the dealer they have ranged from stating that it IS refined , to saying it is n't , and that they have the refined white also . So if you are using it for a purpose where the aroma does n't matter , or you like the aroma , all is good . This is a very heavy and thick shea butter and it does a nice job healing and sealing skin . I make lotion and lipgloss form my shea and have found it nearly impossible to mask the musky scent of this . infact despite baking soda and charcoal and bleach and sealed ziplocked bags , everything in my one fridge smells strongly of unrefined shea butter . So consider your uses and your nose , and beware that this can not be returned . At this point I am very disappointed with this dealer and am not sure if I will purchase from them again
 Refined shea butter -LRB- white -RRB- is processed using chemicals , thus stripping the shea butter of its many healing properties . When chemically processed , it goes through a refining , bleaching , deodorization and degumming process , which destroys the shea butter . It leaves it stripped of its vitamins , minerals and many other natural healing properties.The yellow is the only way to go to get all the benefits .
 with this product , because it came in the plastic bag , I was expecting it will come in some bottle , I lost a lot of it when I put it in the jar and is hard so it is hard to spread over body I am not happy at all .
 I bought this trap for a sink where dogs are washed and no matter how much I tighten it , water leaks from the cap . I contacted the seller but I have not yet received a response .
 I am an amateur researcher of pheromones for the company I own , seeking to create a good custom pheromone mix for my product line . My aim is to is create a custom pheromone product that produces obvious arousal , and have a separate version specifically designed for men and women . It was in the interest of the `` for women '' version that I bought this product.I do n't know what they have in this , but it made me suspicious immediately because it has no scent at all that I could detect . The other copulins products I have tried and tested are all very obvious.I tested this product on myself in several ways to make sure it worked before I would formulate anything with it , but found that with one exception , I got absolutely no results at all from it . The only time I got any results was upon applying a drop to my finger and smearing it on my upper lip - and instead of making me aroused , it made me nauseous . If not for that , I would have sworn it was water . For that reason , it gets 2 stars instead of 1
 This is my 2nd paddle brush . My previous one had straight , thin bristles . The bristles on this brush look like little plastic nails - the bristle comes out of the base of the brush and then there is a plastic knob at the top of the bristle . The bristles ' tops catch in my hair and yank the bristles right out of the brush . After 3 months , I probably lost about 20 % of the bristles .
 The frames are thick and clunky and quality of the lens is n't very good . As others have indicated it is difficult to apply eye makeup while wearing them because the frame gets in the way . I would recommend a good magnifying mirror instead .
 Pherone Formula W-1 Pheromone Cologne for Women to Attract Men , with Human Copulins and 4mg of Human PheromonesProduct DOES NOT WORK !!
 I am in the process of trying to return this product . It made me smell like I had TERRIBLE body odor , and did not do as it claimed.So far , the company has been helpful , but we shall see
 OK so I have tried this product on several occasions and have not noticed any difference . It has a horrible urine smell . I mainly bought it to drive my current bf crazy for me every now and then but it seems to have the opposite effect on him !!! I also have n't seen any changes in other people . I am a pretty attractive girl so I get looks regardless and this does n't do much for me . Will not be wasting my money on this ever again .
 Ladies , This just does not work , I used it for a couple of weeks , and if anything , it did the opposite of what it was supposed to do and I got less attention that before . Everything went back to normal when I stopped using it . Save your money and buy a sexy perfume .
 I have tried it several time and I have no result . I 'm still waiting because I know that one day might work
 Nothing special about this hairbrush , it is a typical brush . For a real tangle friendly brush get this one ... The Wet Brush Detangling Shower Brush -LRB- you do n't have to use it in the shower obviously -RRB- - this works on all 3 of my kids - all agree that it does not hurt and one has straight , medium length thick hair , one has super long , curly hair and the other had thinner long hair .
 I have had 2 phillips brush 's for about 20 years.The one 's I just bought are not even close to as good as the old one 's . The bristles on my old one 's are thicker , and the white dots on the ends are bigger.I am a hairdresser and always loved them.I wo n't be looking for them anymore.Thank YouCarol Lee
 I 've always had Nair in the house . I do n't know why , somehow I remain convinced that it SHOULD work . It seems like the easiest solution , and the quickest too . Instead of trying to rip or slice the hair off , you simply dissolve it away with acid . Sounds reasonable to me!Unfortunately every time I get around to trying Nair again , I am reminded why I do n't use it . The one I happened to try today was the Nair Hair Remover Lotion with Aloe Vera . This should be doubly good , right ? Not only does it dissolve away your hairs , but it soothes your skin afterwards.Believe me , I follow all the instructions very carefully . First I soak in warm water for at least 1/2 hour to soften up the hairs . Then I shake the Nair well and apply it on the legs thickly without rubbing it in . The hair is definitely coated . Then I wait 15 minutes -LRB- the longest allowable time -RRB- before attempting to wipe it off . Nothing happens . Maybe a few hairs are removed , but the vast majority remain.Not only that , but anybody who tells you that this `` acid '' can tell the difference between your organic hair and your organic skin is lying . It hurts to have this cream sitting on your entire legs for 15 minutes . I think of it as ` beauty torture ' . When I 'm done , not only do I still have my leg hair left , but I now have red bumps where the acid got into pores and caused irritation . I would n't mind the temporary irritation -LRB- gone the next day -RRB- if the hair actually went away too . But noooooooooooooooooo.I did actually take pictures of my legs after the nairing to show how untouched -LRB- and still hairy -RRB- they were . I 'll try to load those up on my website . But unless you have really fine baby hair -LRB- and if you do , why are you obsessing about removing them ? -RRB- then Nair really does n't seem to work well.I would think that searing pain was a necessity for hair removal lotion , but I have tried other lotions that have NO pain associated with them , so I 'm not quite sure what Nair is doing here .
 Did everything on the instructions , still got a chemical burn -LRB- lasted a little less than a day -RRB- , and it did n't even get rid of all the hair . Only saw a 50 % hair loss , if that . Not worth it . I 'm tossing this out and keeping my razors !
 I received my sink quickly and I was extremely excited about its arrival . That smile turned upside down when I tried to test it out and it does n't drain . The plastic hose that is connected to the bottom of the sink goes in your kitchen sink to drain but I tried lifting the hose in different ways to get the water out of the sink and it didnt work . I had to pick the whole thing up and dump the water out that way . Waste of time !
 I was a big fan of this product . But the last order ... there was a weird smell . Hard to describe . Just unbearable ... I do n't know if a new smelly ingredient was added or I was just unlucky to receive spoiled one . Too bad ... I really loved it . So , be aware , in case you are thinking of ordering this , the smell ... repellent .
 I bought this in the first day of the month by amazon and they promised me delivered until dec 11 , but now dec 15 I did not receive it and I have already received the bill to pay . It is absurd ! I do not recomend to buy anything else from them .
 A brown ooozzz ... it coats your face , sort of like a paint pigment . Never seems to really `` set '' and comes off if you wipe a towel or such across your face ... oddly it did n't seem to streak though . Most definitely the worst `` tanner '' -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- I 've ever used .
 Lotions have a low to medium viscosity . A cream is thicker . This is not a cream ! It ran all over the place . The packaging is suspect as there is not a seal on the end of the tube . I will be returning this item .
 This was much more liquid than the actual kind . Got 3 defective ones . Pretty upset with this product from this vendor .
 I have purchased this product many times over the years , just never from Amazon . I do n't know if the company has changed the product , but what I received is nothing like what I have been using . The product is usually in the form of a ` lotion ' consistency . The product that I received is a ` watery brown ' consistency . I used it for the first time this morning and after shaking it up , opened the lid and half the bottle ran out in my hand , bathroom counter and onto my white bathroom rug , which resulted in staining my hand and bathroom counter and ruining the rug . If this is how the product is made now , DO N'T buy it .
 This sunless tanning lotion was very runny as if water had been added . Very difficult to get good coverage and it did not produce the results that I normally have with this product .
 I read many of the reviews on this product before purchasing it and I was very surprised to see how runny it was when I got it because nobody mentioned that in the reviews . I have used many self tanning lotions and this one is very different . Unlike a lotion , it is very runny , like an oil almost . When it gets on your hands while applying , it instantly discolors your skin and you must immediately scrub it off so you wo n't be left with stained hands . Most tanners when washed right after application do not leave stains on your fingers and hands unless you do n't wash them off . It is very hard to apply this product as it is literally like water , which is also the first ingredient listed on the product . I do n't think I could get used to using this product , it is just not your typical self tanner at all .
 Did n't like this product at all . Wish I could get my money back . For a self-tanner it is very fake looking ... not natural at all .
 The Hair clipper worked great the first time I used it to cut my own hair , but the next time I went to use it it went crazy . I was cutting my son 's hair and the digital display went blank , and it started to run wide open and would not turn off . It will not work at all now . I had to send my son to school with half a hair cut ... do n't laugh it 's not funny !
 Although the IDEA of this cutter/trimmer is great , with battery power and multiple settings adjusted by a push of a button , the product is VERY sketchy . Seriously reconsider when deciding on it.I have had 3 now in the course of 2 months . First one was DOA , so I exchanged it for another . The 2nd one worked a couple of times , then it shut off on it 's own , then turned on by itself , and I could not subsequently shut it back off . Called Conair - which was a terrible experience , with hold times of > 20 minutes -LRB- thank goodness for speakerphone ... -RRB- - and they gave me an RMA for an exchange . Free ? Hardly . I needed to pay shipping BOTH WAYS -LRB- Sent them a check with trimmer # 2 -RRB- . Got the new one today in the mail . Does it work ? NO . I 'm done . Good thing I kept my plug-in Wahl trimmer ...
 I 'd love to write a review of this product , but I ca n't because the one I got does n't work - AT ALL ! The unit will not turn on . Even spoke to ConAir and they said return it . So I guess it 's back to the barber for me . After having to wait weeks to receive the thing , I 'll have to wait weeks again to try and get one that works . I am very unhappy !!!!
 I have already returned this thing twice !! Both previous units got really hot when charged for the first time , the screen quit working , and eventually the entire clipper just quit . DO NOT BUY !!
 I too returned mine two times - first time never worked , second time worked for about 10 minutes . The third time was a charm - worked for about 3 months and failed the same way the 2nd one did . Each time the screen went blank and stayed on til the battery died off and will not turn back on.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I too returned mine two times - first time never worked , second time worked for about 10 minutes . The third time was a charm - worked for about 3 months and failed the same way the 2nd one did . Each time the screen went blank and stayed on til the battery died off and will not turn back on.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 did n't work right out of the box -LRB- think they sent me a used one anyway -RRB- now I know why it was only $ 10 , do n't buy , these are all defective
 I purchased the first one in about November . It worked fine for the first hair cut . Next hair cut it just quit halfway through the haircut . Not like the battery was dead but just quit immediately . The blue led screen would not light up nor would the unit take a charge . Called Conair . They said they would replace it but I had to pay the shipping on the new one and I had to pay to ship the broken one back . Second unit arrived , did not make it all the way through the first hair cut . Same or nearly the same symptoms . Again the LED screen was blank and never would illuminate again . Complained to Conair again . They said they would send another and did and I did n't have to pay the shipping either way . The third one arrived . Cut hair good the first time . Turned it on for another trim and it sounded like the battery died . Not an immediate stop but wound down to a halt . LED screen went blank again just like the other two units . Wo n't take a charge nor start again . If I hold it against my ear it sounds like a clock ticking . Maybe these clippers would make better clocks than clippers . These units are junk . DO NOT PURCHASE . I will NEVER buy another Conair product
 I bought this trimmer several months ago and at first it worked okay . Very soon thereafter it began to have trouble holding a charge , and I eventually could only use it while still being plugged into the charger . Now it does n't work at all and is frozen in the `` on '' setting , yet not doing anything . I only hope that the warranty has n't expired . Overall , I 've used a couple of different trimmers but none have caused me as much grief as this one .
 I share the frustrations of other reviewers . I purchased a set six months ago , and I 've been through three sets already -LRB- the original set , and two replacement sets for which I had to pay shipping -RRB- . All three sets sufferred agonizing deaths as their motors mysteriously wined for no apparent reason and ultimately died.Funny thing -- I bought the original set because another pair of Conair clippers -LRB- different model -RRB- began to give me problems.No more Conair products for me . I 'm done .
 I share the frustrations of other reviewers . I purchased a set six months ago , and I 've been through three sets already -LRB- the original set , and two replacement sets for which I had to pay shipping -RRB- . All three sets sufferred agonizing deaths as their motors mysteriously wined for no apparent reason and ultimately died.Funny thing -- I bought the original set because another pair of Conair clippers -LRB- different model -RRB- began to give me problems.No more Conair products for me . I 'm done .
 Although the IDEA of this cutter/trimmer is great , with battery power and multiple settings adjusted by a push of a button , the product is VERY sketchy . Seriously reconsider when deciding on it.I have had 3 now in the course of 2 months . First one was DOA , so I exchanged it for another . The 2nd one worked a couple of times , then it shut off on it 's own , then turned on by itself , and I could not subsequently shut it back off . Called Conair - which was a terrible experience , with hold times of > 20 minutes -LRB- thank goodness for speakerphone ... -RRB- - and they gave me an RMA for an exchange . Free ? Hardly . I needed to pay shipping BOTH WAYS -LRB- Sent them a check with trimmer # 2 -RRB- . Got the new one today in the mail . Does it work ? NO . I 'm done . Good thing I kept my plug-in Wahl trimmer ...
 Perfume was old and smelled awful . If its not being made anymore or whatever that should have been posted in the info . Wanted it for my mother and we both are so very disappointed . Just awful . Mislead on purchase that too is disappointing . Truth is so much better . If seller had been honest that it was old prob would have bought it anyway just so she could smell it for memory sake . But Oh well live and learn .
 I do n't usually have sensitive skin , but this product made me break out into an itchy rash . Had to give away the -LRB- expensive -RRB- bottle . Otherwise , I liked the sheer consistency and the fact that the ingredients are safe .
 It is not my first time to buy Elta UV lotion , I bought SPF 46 before and it really worked very well in protecting my skin from sunshine , but this SPF 30 + does not work AT ALL . DO NOT buy it .
 Despite claims of being hypo allergenic , I had an allergic reaction to this lotion and had to discontinue use . I 'm disappointed , the search for a body lotion with sunscreen continues .
 This makeup leaves my face looking oily and greasy looking after 1 hr , it dosent blend well at all , and I just got it because it was cheaper but will go back to my old fav !!
 it does n't stay on . I found that I had to reapply it after only about an hour.For my money , Maybelline 's Mousse foundation is the best .
 I 've now tried several Just For Men colors . They are all good for a few days , but within a week or two the results are always the same.Copper!It 'd be fine if the dyed hair simply went gradually back to gray , but no such luck . As the color fades , orange is left in its place . It does n't matter if I use medium brown , dark brown , darkest brown , ash brown ... Orange , orange , orange are the results . And each time in between i waited several weeks to grow out the previous copper before i planted a new Just For Men in order to grow a fresh crop of orange.Haven ' t you seen men with copper hair color and wonder why they would dye their hair that color ! It 's not them , it 's the product!This review is for all the men who slink away thinking it must be something wrong with them or how they applied the product . No , no , and no . Should be our response . This product is not the answer for us .
 After contacting a rep for JustforMen , 3 weeks later I finally received a response . I was not at all happy with the new roll-on product . The rep sent me an no-reply e-mail asking me to supply a code # on the box . How was I suppose to respond to a no-reply e-mail . Extremely poor communication with this product line . Guess they do not wish to be contacted .
 I am of Nordic descent . This product left my hair looking a very unnatural shade of brown with gold or brassy highlights ... not at all like what the color shows on the box . Also , I found the smell of my hair unpleasant for at least a week ... a strange chemical smell . I do n't know who the 4 previous reviewers are , but this stuff gets no stars from me . It has been 5 days since I emailed the Just For Men help line and still no response . Phone call ... forget it they put you on an eternal hold . Terrible product . JMHO
 Thought I was getting equiv to 3 in 1 . Did not . Only 1 bottle ; did not contain the among purchasing 3 kits would have provided . Nothing wrong with the product ... just the fill amount -- a rip off!Pat in Kansas City
 I noticed that after I used this product my skin had a strong allergic reaction to it . I had burning sensation all over my scalp and hair loss . It took maybe two months before the hair loss subsided . There are clear warnings on the box about the allergic reaction so just be aware of it .
 I 've been using the Just For Men Mustache & Beard Brush-in Color Gel for years with no problems . However , the last two applications of the Medium-Dark Brown -LRB- m-40 -RRB- formula has been a nightmare . My upper and lower lips have become severly swollen and cracked with bleeding . I am also itching like crazy under my mustache and goetee . People , there 's something seriously wrong with this batch of the formula .
 This eyelash curler was nowhere near what I expected it to be . I do n't know if it 's because the purple pad is too squishy but every time I use this eyelash curler it pinches the corner of my lids . I 've found another lash curler since purchasing this one and it only pinches my lids every once in awhile , so I know it 's not just me . -LRB- Not always anyway -RRB-
 this is the worst curler ever !! i own about 5 and this curler took more than half my lashes , i have tried several the best are revlon and lacross also cheap.this took a lot lashes of my eyes and now im afraid to use any at all , i called the company and they were happy to take it with a refund but i have to pay shipping to send it in , UPS or USPS insured mail ... i 'll say stick with revlon -LRB- have bought 4 but keep loosign them , or lacross -LRB- had 3 -RRB- this are all good and cheaper ...
 I 've been curling my lashes since high school , a very long time ago , so I consider myself well versed in the technique . Furthermore , if I were forced to choose only one beauty item to take with me to a desert island , it would probably be an eyelash curler , that 's how heavily I depend on it.I was so excited when I read such good things about the Tweezerman curler ; I 'd purchased the Shu , but it did n't fit my eye socket.The Tweezerman does curl my lashes very well , but it 's bound for the trash can.Unfortunately , like a couple of other reviewers mentioned , it has caused my lashes to fall out in clumps . I 've had a `` bald spot '' almost in the center of my right eyelid for over a month . The lashes are finally coming back , but I still have to fill in the area with pencil . I have n't had to do that since I stupidly left makeup on my fingers before curling my lashes ; fingers slipped in the handle , and half of my eyelid was bald . That was a hard lesson ; this is another.Back to hunting for a great curler .
 curler is not functioning wellit can not curl my lashes without doing any damages : -LRB- will return it for sure
 I ordered this product based on the photo on the box and recieved a different one . I do n't understand that .
 If you 're looking for a cuticle clipper to give you a clean , good looking manicure , this is not a good choice ! I do n't find this item to be very sharp , and it leaves the edges of my cuticle a little ragged . I 'm going to stick to the bulky larger cuticle clipper for my manicure , but I suppose this one would be a good item for traveling , or for men , or for anyone who is n't trying to give themselves a manicure that looks like you just stepped out of a salon . And it is DEFINITELY not worth the price !
 I used cuticle clippers , and though I would try these . No comparison . Does a sloppy job , cuts cuticle uneven and hard to get accuracy around the edge of the nail bed . These will have a short life , cause I do n't like these .
 Was disappointed with this . I found it hard to use and always nicking a large horizontal nip into the sides of my fingers . I think the plier like cuticle nippers are much better .
 I thought with so many good reviews this item would surely be a hit . I thought the people complaining were being nit picky . I definately should have listened to this one reviewer who said that this item does not leave a clean cut . I was left with jagged cuticle edges . I returned it the next business day . I 'm not going to do my nails for it to look worse than when I started . I am not a professional and definately not an amateur in doing my nails . I do not recommend this item .
 Wanted to order 4 of these . I am ordering for a all of our nail techs . Disappointed I was limited to 3 .
 I 've always used , and loved , the Aramis Lab Series lip balm . Since that product was discontinued I 've been looking for an adequate replacement . I bought the Peter Thomas Roth product based on the one positive review on this site . It serves me right for buying a product with only one review . This lip balm is terrible . First of all it comes in a tiny little standard squeeze bottle that does n't even have a rounded tip for application . It 's basically your typical fat ended squeeze bottle . When you apply it you will notice that it is nothing more than a thick sticky oil , and that 's the way it feels on your lips . You 'll feel like your lips are coated with a thick sticky oil . A second later , you 'll notice that it tends to numb the nerves in your lips so they will feel funny . Even after I 've dabbed most of it off , my lips still feel greasy and numb . Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere for a good lip balm DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . I just wasted $ 24 on something that 's going straight into the garbage .
 I received this product and it is not Beautiful by Estee Lauder , it has to be a knock-off . I could tell as soon as I opened it and compared the bottle with my original bottle I already had at home , the color was off even the feel of the bottle was different . And when I flipped if over it was not numbered like all my previour bottles have been . I have been wearing this perfume for 22 years and this is the first time I have been ripped off . I ended up going directly to Estee Lauder to buy another bottle because I can not wear what I got from this seller . This is what Estee Lauder told me when I told them what happened to me . Do not buy from here , you wo n't get what you pay for.Hello : We would like to take this opportunity to thank you for completing the esteelauder.com BizRate Survey . We appreciate the time you have taken to share your comments with us . Thank you for providing us with valuable feedback.We are so pleased to hear how much you love using Estee Lauder products.We are happy to know that we could provide an easy and convenient shopping experience at esteelauder.com so that you can shop right at home and find all of your favorite Estee Lauder products.We appreciate the opportunity to explain that we are an authorized online distributor for Estee Lauder products and can assure our online customers that they are purchasing authentic , high quality products directly from a brand they know and trust.You should know that there are sites selling our products that are not authorized retailers of our products . This means that they do not obtain the Estee Lauder products they sell through us , which does not allow us to exercise quality control over products they sell . We can not guarantee the freshness or authenticity of the Estee Lauder products they sell . If you have any questions , please feel free to email us and we will be happy to address any of your concerns.We hope that you will continue to use and enjoy Estee Lauder products and online services . Do n't forget that our site is updated every month with new features , new products and more . We truly appreciate your business and look forward to your next visit.Thank you , Theaesteelauder.comCustomer Service
 Product was described as new but unboxed , and was scheduled to arrive no later than Dec 21st . I was never contacted to let me know that shipping was delayed ; it finally arrived Dec 27th . The perfume had no cap and there was a sticker on it which read `` Demonstration only . Not For Resale . '' When I called the company to find out what was going on , they told me that I should have known `` unboxed '' meant `` tester '' . They even sent me an email copy of their ad -- which states `` Testers and unboxed products are exactly the same as the regular perfume , except testers usually come in a plain box -- with or without a cap . Unboxed products are the perfume or bath product , only without the box '' . Tuccini gave me an RMA # and told me they would accept the return but that I would be responsible for shipping costs both ways , plus a hefty `` handling/restocking '' fee . After weeks of calls and emails with Amazon -LRB- we filed an A-to-Z Guarantee Claim -RRB- and Tuccini , I finally received back the entire amount of the purchase , plus extra credit from Amazon . Although I ultimately was taken care of , this was an absolutely awful experience , and I am dismayed to see that the Tuccini ad looks exactly the same -LRB- which I believe is misleading -RRB- . I further question whether Amazon should have such a business as one of its merchants ; is it even legal to resell testers ?
 I sent this parfum to my sister-in-law who has used Estee Lauder 's Beautiful before . She stated that this parfum was unsatisfactory , because neither she nor anyone at her Rehab Center could smell the fragrance . Even a heavy spray on various areas was barely detectable . She wondered if the parfum had been watered down .
 This is n't so much a review of the product as it is a warning to all you guys buying for your sweetheart.I purchased this being fairly sure that her perfume was `` Beautiful '' , and also fairly confident in Amazon 's return policy if I was wrong . My bad , she wears `` Miracle '' and Amazon wo n't take this back.So I 'm not so happy getting another one of those $ 77 lessons ... to double check before ordering -LRB- even if it means letting her know what you are buying -RRB- ! And if anyone needs a bottle of Beautiful , I have one I 'll let it go cheap .
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas and she was disappointed with the smell . Although it smells like &#34; Beautiful &#34; the oder seems not as strong as the bottle she bought at Macy 's . Kind of like it 's been watered down if that 's possible.Very disappointedd and will be paying full price at larger department stores from now on . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I was not happy at all , have used this for years it was not the same.The box was not sealed , so I feel that it was tampered with the smell was awfull , just glad to get a refund . Thank You
 The item does not come in a box as pictured and the size is far less than the .6 oz advertised .
 Just a whiff of this perfume and my head starts thumping , It really smells just awful , please stop making it.I do n't like it on me , I do n't like it on my friends , I really and truly can not stand it .
 I received a sample for this in store . A dab on my wrist was okay . But then , I sprayed this perfume on my wrist and neck . It was vomit inducing . I had a migraine for the whole day . I would never buy a full size of this product .
 I helped my supervisor with an online order for this product at the Lauder website . When I placed the order the first time , I failed to enter a `` password , '' and when the page refreshed , it defaulted to standard shipping , which I did n't catch until after the transaction was complete . I called and was told that the shipping could not be changed but that the order would be cancelled and I could place a new order with the correct shipping . The order was not cancelled , and we received two shipments . I have now made FOUR calls to request a postage-paid return label . The first three times , they promised to e-mail the label . I have supplied 3 different e-mail addresses and received nothing . So I asked them to either fax it -LRB- they would not -RRB- or snail-mail it , which they said will take up to two weeks to receive . Meantime , my supervisor has a charge on his card for a package that is sitting on my desk unopened -- plus $ 12.00 for the original shipment that was supposed to be cancelled . Lauder 's customer service failed 1 -RRB- to permit changing the shipping method , 2 -RRB- to cancel the original order , 3 -RRB- to send a shipping label in a timely fashion . Crappy , crappy customer service . I 'm very glad that I use Lancome products !
 This is the substance which my neighbor wore into the basement while doing her laundry . This perfume wafted up through my A/C system on a 95-degree day and hit me with the force of chemical Mace . To me , this perfume smells exactly the same as Cutter mosquito-repellant , only ... a lot , LOT stronger . I got a whiff of `` Beautiful '' and fell to the floor INSTANTLY with convulsive dysentery , vomiting and blindess . EMT and police -LRB- about 20-30 minutes later when I could reach a telephone , -RRB- had to get the building super to open my door so they could scrape me up and haul me off to the hospital . The MIGRAINE this perfume can cause is indescribable . Toxicity of perfumes is a matter of degree
 The magnification works well but , the light function is awful . Even on the brightest setting , the ight is so dim , I would n't trust plucking my eyebrows with it . It 's worse than just using my bathroom mirror for the task . I am still looking for a mirror that give bright light and good magnification .
 I love gloGloss in ` Naked ' but was quite disappointed when I got sent ` Starstruck ' . The packaging said Naked but wrong gloss inside . . Not happy !!
 I 'm convinced it 's a fake perfume , because the scent does not lust long enough at all . I had this brand before and i could wear it entire day and people would still sense it . with this one , the scent goes awau in like an hour .
 Buy the synthetic one . To me its pretty much the same . This one even though it is supposed to be human hair does not hold heat to well like human hair should . The cheap one looks about the same as this one but its just synthetic and you cant try to put heat to it
 I could not get over the smell of this soap to be able to rate its cleaning ability . If you can stand the smell -LRB- smells like something that belongs in an auto repair shop ! -RRB- then I 'm sure you will be able to give this a better rating . I prefer their Obsessively Organic line , especially the Shea Soy soap.Shea Soy Facial Cleansing Bar 5 oz
 When the cologne got here , my wife was exstatic , but when she opened it and smelled it it did not smell like sunflowers at all . I am very dissapointed in the fact that it was not a good bottle .
 This perfume is loud , overpowering and has an acidic base-note akin to ... well , how should I say this ... vomit .
 I used to LOVE this spray -- it was fresh-smelling , macho , sexy in an understated way , and made me a MAGNET . Everyone around me LOVED it.But now , this new batch in the tinted dark-blue bottle with the black spray head -- is NOT the `` Bod Man Really Ripped Abs '' I used to know and love.It 's pungent , tinny , sharp , overpowering.What happened ... ? I ordered two bottles and although I probably should return them , I 'll try diluting them with water -- with the hope that maybe that will cut the fragrance a bit so it 's usable.But I am VERY VERY disappointed .
 You might think something called a `` massage '' brush would turn on and vibrate and lift all the impurities away like other massage brushes do . Nope . It just means a scrub brush that has rubber prongs in the brush head that `` massage '' your face . Save your money , and go to a beauty supply store and buy something comparable for $ 3 - $ 6 . Or spend a little more -LRB- and buy little I mean maybe $ 10 -RRB- and get an actual electric brush that works . Would return if I could , would not recommend .
 Shipped on time . Packed in cut up then taped together boxes . Perfume leaked in perfume box discoloring the cloth interior . The gold and black bottles are opaque so you ca n't tell how much leaked out . I was surprised the bottles were larger than what I expected . All of the scents are heavenly but do n't last very long . I was very disappointed and expected a better product considering the price . Especially in duration of the scent .
 I ordered a bottle of latouche hand and body loition ! AND NEVER GOT IT AND WAS CHARGED FOR IT !!!!!! NEVER AGAIN WILL I USE AMAZON !!!!!!!
 cuz it smells like old lady . nothing like juicy . a little disappointed . it was a blind buy so i knew it would be a hit or miss and it was a miss for me .
 I bought this as a gift and thought it was a steal . It 's a steal alright ! I feel robbed !!!!! Does n't have any fragrance , I do n't know if that is because the product is old or fake but basically I spent money on water in pretty packaging . Disappointed !!!!
 Cool Water Deep by Davinoff bad quality , no the same as in the pass ... old ? expired ?
 I ordered this product thinking it would be what I have been buying from the store . I was so disapointed omg . . This product was nothing but oil with no pigment . Please , do n't buy it only to return it from here . I was really upset that I had to return it .
 I 've been using a NW25 concealer as my winter shade and recently started tanning again and it was getting too light . I purchased this product in NW35 which is my normal summer shade . When I went to use it , the coverage was incredibly sheer , even when set and layered . Though it matched my skin perfectly , it was n't able to cover the imperfections and even out my skin tone like my NW25 was ... Probably will not purchase this specific one again .
 I loved Atopalm . It was a rich fragrance free moisturizer that I could use on my entire body , including my face . The company changed the formulation in 2010 , basically removing the parabens and adding fragrance . This made a huge difference to the efficacy of the product . It is no longer a rich emollient cream . It is now like many other drugstore moisturizers . And because my facial skin is very sensitive , the fragrance -LRB- although very subtle -RRB- STINGS my skin . I 'll use the jar I have for my family -LRB- who it does not bother -RRB- , but wo n't be buying again . Very disappointing .
 My son has eczema . We saw this moisturizer having good review and hoped it could help . After 20 days trial , 3 times a day on affected area , we did not see significant improvement . It is just a good moisturizer but nothing special . 2.192.19 fl oz for $ 25 ! it is certainly not worth it . You can easily find an cheap alternative .
 The product might be wonderful , but the vendor responsible for shipping it -LRB- Beauty Bridge -RRB- is absolutely horrible . When my product never showed up , I had to make 2 separate calls to their customer service people before they would even investigate why . And both times , their representatives were extremely rude , and unapologetic .
 I bought this product with great anticipation , hoping that it would help my sensitive , dry , can not tolerate oil based products , skin . Since accutane , I can not find a product to properly moisturize my skin . Atopalm broke out my skin , and did not moisturize my skin as promised . I continued to use the product , based on the company 's claim that the benefits of the cream is cumulative , but the product needed to be reapplied appox . every 45 mins . And even then , it moisturized poorly . I will not be purchasing this product ever again , and I am disappointed and disgusted of the false claims made by the makers of atopalm .
 11/10/2010-Atoplam MLE Intensive Moisturizing Cream USED to be the best cream ever created for even the most sensitive of skins . I ordered the new larger size jar , 3.4 FL OZ , last week , and I immediately slathered it all over my face as usual and it started to burn and I noticed an offensive , new fragrance . The new version of the cream is similar yet not as moisturizing as the original formula . I looked at the ingredients and researched online and ATOPALM MLE CREAM has indeed reformulated the cream recently and now contains a sandalwood or some other `` woodsy '' , irritating fragrance . The new version of the cream no longer felt as cooling and calming . However , my skin is hyper-sensitive , fair , dry , and irritable though so I am SUPER weary of fragrances and minor ingredient changes ... Anyway , just a heads a up for those who do purchase the cream frequently . I am so bummed . How could they alter perfection ? I 'm sad . Seriously , it was the only face cream that did not burn or irritate my face ... Update 09/02/2011 . I found a new cream by Skinscientifica that is possibly even better than the original Atopalm . I will insert a link to the skin cream -LRB- item -RRB- on Amazon . Good luck!T ` Fivve Daytime Undermakeup Moisture Cream 1.7 fl oz -LRB- 50 ml -RRB-
 This was a great price & great product but shipping service was terrible . By the time i recieved the box all the bottles had spilled about 25 % out of each bottle . i feel cheated
 The shampoo that I recieved was unlike any other Crew shampoo that I have used in the past . It had a nasty smell and would barely lather.I have used Crew in the past and I have always been happy with the product . Helps with an oily scalp .
 After doing tons of research I decided to try this since my hair had some color damage . Bad idea I was finally getting my hair back to being healthy and this just made me take about 10 steps back :'-LRB- . I have curly , fine hair . I followed directions exactly and after rinsing out step 1 my hair felt kind of soft but then once I did step two and my hair was still wet I thought ok this seems good . I styled my hair and for a while it looked shiny but after a while my hair got extremely dry and frizzy . I looked like a cotton ball on my head . I was freaking out to say the least . The next day on my way to Sally 's I scratched my head and felt I huge piece of skin that flaked off my scalp . I mean it was the size of my thumb nail . Worse thing ever ! I bought a packet of silk elements and coconut oil and thank God that worked wonders . Be careful when using this . I 'm sure it is a good product , but like I said before its not for everyone .
 This protein treatment caused more breakage in areas that had issues , and strengthened already healthy parts of my hair . I did not need more strength added to already healthy areas , I needed the more brittle areas to be more stable . My hair is fine but thick and can get damage easily . I have to color it every 3-6 months with a natural hair product -LRB- Naturtint -RRB- because it gets damaged easily . I had heard that this works best for black hair , however I was told it 's also great if you are white , but it does n't seem the case after reading other reviews with similar problems . I have used Nexxus in the past as well as Joco and both helped add more stability to my hair , but after using this two-step treatment exactly as the instructions read , my hair has more split ends and breakage than ever before . I will definitely not be using it again and I do not recommend it to other people with similar hair to mine .
 I 'd had my hair braided with sew-ins for 2 years . The perm had completely grown out but since I wanted to start wearing my hair out again I permed it . My hair felt like a cottony sponge , if I sweat at all my hair immediately poofed up and my ends would not stay flat no matter what . I had a trim , tried chi silk , bio silk none of it worked . I read so many good reviews about Aphogee 2 step I thought itd be my miracle . Not At All , other people claimed it made their hair instantly stronger or dry n tangled cause it was so strong , I used exacly as directef and if possible my hair felt mushy & spongier after and a notiable amout out hair startef coming out in comb -LRB- and this was 2 weeks after perm . Have used several times since then , the results have not improved . The only reason I gave 2 stars is cause when I did what your told not to do which was use directly after shampooing out perm , then deep conditioned 3 days later my hairs texture felt better than it had in a long time . I actually refused this delivery cause Beauty4family took so long to send it I just went to Sallys and brought some . Then they ignored my follow up emails , didnt get refund for two weeks . I dont recommend them either .
 Bought from Sally 's . I used it as instructed exactly on the package.While it did seem to make a difference in making my hair look and feel more smooth , the stench is overwhelming and lasts for days.Sorry , but no results are worth the odor from this stuff for me .
 Where to start ? Oh I know where
 My professional and personal opinion : I think this product is better for nonprocessed hair.I agree with C. Waters `` darth tater tot revelations in the Mizani protein product review , protein treatments only work if properly moisturized.My hair was relaxed and at a separate time highlighted blonde last year . This product makes the hair hard while treating it but I was n't prepared for what happened a few months later . . My hair broke off so severely -LRB- by two thirds -RRB- that I had to have my stylist give me a short pixie haircut to salvage what was left . I bought a wig and wore for a while until it grew out again . I am a licensed cosmetologist and never ever experienced this kind of dilhemma before with a client or myself . As I have always used all kinds of hair treatments but I had never been chemically blonde before.My stylist told me it was the protein in the product that caused all the breakage.I will never use this product again because I always relax and use some kind of color in my hair and as long as I stay away from protein treatments , my hair will look great .
 Well I do n't know what went wrong , but this did not seem to work . Instead my hair broke off in smaller ringlets . I followed directions to the `` T '' , and tried to rinse as thoroughly as possible , but an hour of rinsing it out in the shower was still not enough - because my hair was DRY DRY DRY ... I knew this would happen based on other reviews so I armed myself by applying the Aphogee balancing moisturizing conditoner along with Shea Moisture leave in and Avocado butter , but the dryness was a little too powerful . I am literally afraid to use this stuff again ... oh , and why did n't anyone warn me about the rank smell ... All I could think was , `` This $ # & @ stinks to high heaven ! `` Oh well . the only reason I gave it 2 stars is because I would never have found out about Aphogee Balancing Moisturizing conditioner had I not went in search for the protien treatment .
 I received the Two Minute Reconstructor ... which is not the same product at all . Very disappointed because I have used the Two Step Treatment and love it .
 This is a nuisance to apply and afterwards I did not notice much of a difference in my hair quality .
 This is the most disgusting hair product I have ever used . Not only is the smell and texture horrendous , but it clearly makes no improvement on hair texture what so ever . Just pour beeswax on your hair instead for a cheaper rendition of this product , however that may smell better , be less sticky , and work better . Wish someone reviewed this before I wasted hard earned money on it . This &#34; product &#34; is a joke .
 This product contains animal protein , as in it 's not animal-friendly . There are plenty of vegetable or synthetic protein products out there . Try Dieci by La Brasiliana . You can get it for a great price on Amazon ~ $ 14 , and the texture feels great on the hair . The bottle is a good size too , 8.8 oz . Plus , it 's no 2-step process , so simpler than this.The seller should post the ingredients ; I only found them out from another websie . It 's not worth killing an animal , taking any life , just so we can look good .
 Honestly it feels more like a regular -LRB- albiet thin -RRB- piece of paper to me.Drugstore brands work just as well for so much less ...
 I used this product for about 1 week and I did not see any reduced in redness . When i applied the product my face became super dried . The price for the product is not worth it . Do not buy .
 They 're not good for sleeping . They fall out easy and like others said , you have to keep snapping them back together when you 're setting your hair . I would n't buy this brand again .
 I 've used this product for years . I thought I notice a change in the shampoo , seemed a bit runny . Then this last conditioner was a very obvious change in the feel . No longer creamy and thick , I 'd now compare it to cheap grocery store products . I still had my old container of conditioner and sure enough the ingredients are different . This WAS the only product I had ever found that worked on my hair . Guess it 's time to go back to the drawing board and try to find in new line that will work for long thick hair that is fine and tangles easily . Goes back to the old adage , do n't fix it if it ai n't broken !!!!!! -LRB- the old formula has the last ingredient as wheat germ oil , the new one the last is amyl cinnamal -RRB-
 I found the clips on the end of the roller very difficult to attach and release . I should have probably purchased a larger size .
 These are truly miserable , they tangled my daughters hair , left it in such horrid condition that we had to take her to a saloon for a deep conditioning treatment . The foam that is used is very cheap .
 The size and foam is okay , but the plastic fastener is so stiff that you need two hands to get them opened and closed and that makes them difficult to use . These are not like the ones I remember using when I was a kid .
 I gave this a try , since I would n't know just by reading others ' reviews ... Did not do as promised . It smelled lovely , however , it would not soften and detangle . Will not purchase again .
 I 'm not sure why there is so much hype about a cheap piece of rough nylon cloth . Yes , I 'm talking about the authentic Salux nylon , made in Japan , not some imitation some here have complained about . I bought this based on all the rave reviews only to find out it 's no more than a piece of cheaply made nylon that gave me dermatitis , especially on my hands . No matter how gentle and careful I was when using it , it always made palms of my hands red , raw , dry and incredibly itchy like nothing else.Perhaps a imitation product would have worked better . I suspect a lot of positive reviews are fake . Do no buy this product , especially if you have sensitive skin .
 This is the same as the scrunch complexion scrubbers on a rope . Thought this might be like a microfiber material . Should have examined the picture more closely .
 I ordered this and received the cheap imitation `` LeiYiJie '' brand cloth , which does n't hold a candle to the authentic one . Be careful when you order this - I hate to give a low star rating to a good product , but this seller does n't seem to consistently ship the real thing!The other color Salux cloths available on Amazon also have other people complaining about this switch-out , but this listing did n't so I thought I might be safer in receiving the wrong thing . I was wrong ! So I 'm adding this review to warn potential buyers.Also - you ca n't return this thing because of sanitation issues . You have to contact Amazon directly if you receive the fake , and they will take care of you . But if you do n't want to deal with the hassle , do yourself a favor and buy from a more reputable seller.EDIT -LRB- July 5 , 2011 -RRB- : Just wanted to include the name of the seller who supplied the imitation to me
 I ordered the Salux Nylon Japanese Bath Towel and instead I got this cheap Leyijie , made in China knock off . As soon as I took it out of the box I was suspicious that I had been ripped off . I 'm glad I only spent $ 5 on this piece of crap . Whoever is in charge or this scam should be ashamed of themselves . They should just send people the real thing they paid for . I still want to try the real thing but now I do n't know how to get it without being ripped off again .
 This purple shampoo did n't do so much for the color of my hair , I feel like it maintained the amount of brass in my hair instead of taking it out . I really was n't a fan of the texture , smell or overall outcome of this shampoo . If you 're looking for a great purple shampoo that works wonders I highly recommend Clairol Shimmer Lights , I swear by it !
 I used the shampoo a couple of times and there was no decrease in the brassiness of my hair . It appeared to be the only product for brunettes and not silver hair .
 I bleached my hair for 12 + hours before using this product to get white hair , but light yellow was the lightest color I could get .
 I was getting a lot of breakage from using the straightening iron and my daughter suggested that I look for a keratin product . I ordered this and the Aphogee shampoo for damaged hair . The shampoo is just OK -LRB- I have n't seen any dramatic changes yet -RRB- , but I 'm not liking the keratin spray at all . I have n't noticed any decrease in hair loss , my hair feels sticky and-when I brush it-it feels like I 'm actually getting MORE breakage ! It 's only been a week , so I 'll keep using it for a while longer and see what happens.UPDATE
 I have tried many different acne products . This one was like all the others - did not help eliminate or reduce the number of breakouts I had and it did not reduce or diminish any of the acne scars I have . I am very disappointed because I had high hopes for this one .
 This product did n't improve any conditions on my face , plus it has silicone in it and who wants that on there face , that clogs your pores .
 It does n't do what it claims to do . I feel like I just wasted my money . It does n't work at all . If you want to try . . buy something like Clinique either from Macy 's or Amazon whatever is cheaper ... cos that 's gon na work on your acne not this !
 I have tried so many products and again this one failed me . I am still hunting so if anyone knows of a good product let me know .
 Like some others I had high hopes for the product , but it clogged my pores pretty bad and gave me more zits . Different stuff works for different people and unfortunately this product had the opposite of the intended and hoped for effect on me .
 I used this product for over a month . It prevents red zits , but clogs your pores in the process . It caused so many blackheads that I had to stop using it.This is the first time that I 've written a bad review . It really is THAT bad of a product that I felt compelled to leave a bad review.I am generally a fan of Scarzone products , but I do n't recommend this item at all .
 This product did not help my scars at all . It actually made my skin worse . Breakouts were worse and red ares became inflamed and more irritated .
 This product did nothing for my scar but made it flaky . I would not reccommend this product to anyone .
 I 've been trying to order this for the past few days . When I put it in the cart , it always say in stock until the final page after I review the payments/etc ... Then it says out of stock . Why will they say it is available and in stock when it really isnt ?
 Product was exactly what I expected and received on time . However , when I saw the $ 40.00 price tag I thought I was getting two containors . I have purchased this product many times - all under $ 20.00 per 2 oz container . This container was charged at $ 40.00 plus , not including shipping . Would not buy again . Gave the review 2 stars because it really was my fault for buying at that price .
 I ordered this and tried it for several weeks . It was creamy and smelled good . BUT , it left my hair feeling stripped and tangled . My hair is NOT long . I would hate to see what it would do with long hair . Maybe it just does n't work for my hair type . I am a 52 year old female with moderately coarse , wavy hair . I just recently decided to go completely gray . It is very liberating and I love the color , which is white rather than gray . It may work fine for you , but for me , I have a bottle that I ca n't use . It would have also been nice to have had more info in English . Everything is in French . But then I am weird in that I like to read everything about it . Of course , it comes from France , so why would I expect English ? I am going back to the Wen Hair System .
 Please be aware that this vendor is charging more than TWO TIMES Aveda 's retail price .
 I found these products to have almost no smell . The packaging is nice but if you want smell forget it .
 I just received Dermablend Setting Powder , but it is not the product from Vichy , on the bottom is written Dermablend L'Oreal USA , so it 's not the real deal .
 After discovering dermablend at the mall with my sister I knew it was the makeup for me . I loved it , I even got the setting powder in warm saffron to help the makeup last longer . However after trying it several times I realized I wanted to try the sheer setting powder and ordered it here . I am not convinced that this is the original dermablend product . Maybe I am wrong but I think this particular product is a knock off . I will try ordering the product from another seller and make sure the label says Dermablend professional .
 I have been using derma blend since 2003 . I bought the setting powder but it never works . When I apply my concealer , I dab on a generous amount of setting powder and leave it on for 5-10 minutes before I dust it off but the concelaer still remains moist/wet and rubs off if I touch it or brush up against clothing etc. . Perhaps I got a bad batch but it makes absolutely no difference to me .
 I bought this product . I thought that it was a good deal . I had to throw it out this morning . It made my skin burn , whenever I use it . The dermablend powder from the mall had a different consistency and never made me burn . I threw it out , because I am not sure if it is really dermablend and I was concerned for my skin health . I have been using the real dermablend for years . I guess , I wanted a deal . Burning skin is not worth it .
 Dermablend Loose Setting Powder had a lot of good reviews . I just did not have a good experience with it . I bought two different colors and neither looked good . I did not really like the loose powder . And then I broke out after using it though one of the reasons I bought it was reviews saying it did not cause break outs like other powders . I read so any reviews rating this highly I was surprised it turned out so badly .
 This item was fine when it came to pictures ; tattoos were not visible on film for the first part of our wedding . However I was told by a few of the guests that it looked like I had been in a fight before the wedding ... make-up should not look like bruises!The make-up also started to fade not long after the ceremony ended , and it was a short ceremony . By the end of the reception -LRB- four hours later -RRB- you could clearly see the tattoos.Also , I was told that the make-up would not rub off onto clothing if I used the special setting powder together with the cream ... Not true . I now have make-up stains on one of my brides maids dresses.I realize now that I should have just let the tattoos show . Why have a tattoo if you 're not willing to show it off ?
 Free samples were indicated on the receipt stating 3 items included in the box but only received the 1 product I ordered.Shipping people must have taken the samples.That 's all I can say .
 Despite what magazine , websites may try to tell you , this product is NOT for sensitive skin , just read the long list of ingredients on the bottle . It drives my face out like there 's no tomorrow . The scent is pleasant but for the same category of cleansers , Aveda sensitive cleansing cream , in my opinion , is a much milder , better tolerated product .
 Scent was too sweet and was not a fan ... Sorry ! Annick Goutal . You might want to try her Gardenia Passion instead .
 Shiseido USA sucks as a company . I know a few free lance make-up artists for Shiseido , who did n't get paid for over 3 months . Does this company make money by earning interest from their free lancers ' wage?When they contacted the company HR/Payroll , they got retaliated
 The bottle which i got firstly doesnt say is Alfred Dunhill Desire it just says Dunhill Desire . the fragrance does not last longer .
 Unique , fresh and distinct although a bit on the sweeter side . True the smell is overpowering initially but give it some time to settle down.For me the `` Desire '' is an all time favorite but i was disappointed with what i bought from Amazon . The bottle which i got firstly doesnt say is Alfred Dunhill Desire it just says Dunhill Desire which is fine because the now its made by the P&G group and which is why probably they sort of renamed it or they came out with a new packaging but i noticed that the strength of the fragrance was weak infact very weak compared to the previous bottle that i had . I was a bit surprised and dissapointed and have no ideas why its the way it is.Ironically the picture shown here is of the old bottle.If you do get your hands on a bottle make sure it says Alfred Dunhill .
 This powerful smelling cologne generally turns people off when I wear it . My co-worker who happens to be a smoker told me the smell is so strong that he can even smell it when he smokes outside the building . From deduction , it must be a colonge for smokers only .
 I do n't have much to say about the product . Except I ordered from Perfumania.com seller and I received `` Dunhill Desire '' and not the Original `` Alfred Dunhill Desire '' which is in the listing description . Dunhill desire is an imitation of the originally designed version . I had it before , bought it for $ 15 on Canal St. and it 's good only for killing a laundry scent or spray in the bathroom to kill nasty smelling bacterias . I had the original version of Desire back in 2001-2002 and that was really something ... Stunning cologne . When I saw the image I kinda had a feeling that it 's gon na be a fake , but I loved the originalk version so much , so I desiced to take a risk and ... . boom , I got a bloody fake . Do not buy `` Dunhill Desire '' - it 's a crap . Make sure you get Alfred Dunhill Desire - the original one .
 And again I went by all the good reviews instead of going out and smelling it . Not for younger people , and again I was to lazy to return it now its just sitting in my bedroom for looks . Go out and smell it before you buy it , I will !!
 the spray did not work initially and the finishing around the cap/ribbon is pretty bad.i am wondering whether this is a fake or defect . the scent is also overbearing .
 This smells like &#34; old lady &#34; perfume ! If you like that then you will love it , but not for me . I gave it to my neighbor and she loves it ! However she is not an &#34; old lady &#34; but likes that type of perfume .
 I am always looking for something to make straightening my long , thick , wavy hair easier -- so when a friend recommended this product , I had to try it . Unfortunately , even though the idea is great -- it was a bust.I like that it pulls the hair taut so you do n't have to worry about keeping it rolled around a round brush or making as many passes with a regular brush and dryer . HOWEVER ... it takes a minimum of twice to THREE TIMES as long to dry your hair since you have to take SUCH little pieces AND because you have to continually stop to set the dryer down , pick up the brush , get some hair situated between the bristles , pick up the dryer , blow dry the piece -LRB- while trying to aim away from your hand which is hard -RRB- ... lather , rinse , repeat . With my regular hair dryer and a flat brush -LRB- not even a round brush ! -RRB- I can get my hair done in 30 minutes -LRB- 5 minutes per section on 6 sections -RRB- . At the 30-minute mark with this brush , I was barely 1/3 done ! At that point , I switched to my regular practice and was done in -LRB- comparably -RRB- a flash.I can imagine this working well if you have thinner , shorter , and/or barely wavy hair -- but for those of us NOT in that category ? It 's a big fail . I 'm returning it .
 I 've been wanting to have this perfume again , for a long time . I 've been doing alot of searching on Amazon , they had it!I have n't used this in years , I loved it back in the 80s . When this arrived I was so happy , as soon as I put it on and smelled it , it was so not like the `` original '' . I would know the `` original '' scent in a heartbeat ! I do n't know if this is `` something else '' or what . I will say it was shipped before sch . and packaged very well .
 This is not a 9.45 Ounce soap bar it is actually a 3.2 ounce . I am dissapointed , I do like the product my wife likes it too .
 I ordered this because I like the scent and prefer perfume spray . When the package arrived , it contained a 1 ounce bottle of perfume with a dropper and no spray . It 's too much of a hassle to send it back but the description is wrong .
 Shipping was very slow . When I contacted the supplier by phone they were uninterested . I would not use this supplier again . The one star is for shipping the correct product .
 I do not recomend purchasing this product . It is not worth the money . You can buy a drugstore or Wal-mart brand that gives you the same results . Leaves hair stiff and gummy unmanageable .
 My daughter tried this product and her eyes got swollen . Since I have fewer problems with allergies than she does , I used it and it looked beautiful the first three days ... My eyelashes started falling after that ... I should probably try a hypoallergenic version -LRB- if there are any available -RRB- .
 Having purchased Vitabath Gelee for many years , from several suppliers , I expect it to be a thick , concentrated gel . What I received in this order is a thin , watery , diluted product -- very disappointing .
 After reading the reviews for Vitabath , I was looking forward to trying something moisturizing . I thought this contained Vitamin D but it seems to have been reformulated from what was described online . Anyway , I 'm sure it 's a great product but I did n't even try it after smelling it . I did n't think it was very `` green '' to try to return it so I will give it to someone else to try . If you 're sensitive to strong scents , this may not be for you . The shipping was fast .
 Apparently Betsey Johnson 's perfume has a new distributor ? The quality does NOT compare . It 's very disappointing - I loved her perfume and now I need to find a new scent .
 first of all , I already own one of these for my daughter and love it . So when I had my son I knew I 'd need another one . So I ordered it . . unfortunately it seems broken and I already toss away the paperwork and the box . When I turn it on it does n't seem to have enough power and is not very loud . By morning it 's hardly working . I plugged it into several different outlets , it 's definetly the unit itself . I 'd love to get another one , but for $ 60 + I just ca n't afford it.Sorry to give a bad review , I 'm sure it 's just a fautly unit .
 I do n't think I have sensitive skin , I 'm pretty average , but every time I try to use this I break out into a really itchy red rash , I could be allergic to one or more of the ingredients , but I have no known cosmetic allergies , this is the only thing that makes me get a rash like that . I have other olay products like facewash and those have been fine . So if you have potentially sensitive skin , be careful !
 I 'm truly disappointed that I have to stop using this product as it does seem to help the texture and is very smooth going on and a great moisturizer . The only problem is that I keep getting several little red bumps -LRB- pimples -RRB- and I 'm way past the age of getting pimples and normally do n't have this problem . I may give this to someone that might enjoy it and not have this reaction as I 've used only a small amount .
 This serum worked as it was supposed to . Only thing is I noticed that I was getting pimples . I have been lucky enough not to have had acne ; just the occasional pimple every now and again.Once I started using this serum though , I noticed that I was getting several pimples - almost every day . The only thing I had changed in my regimen was the serum so I conducted my own -LRB- kinda -RRB- control experiment . I stopped using the serum and went back to my regular moisturiser . No pimples . Started using it again , pimples.I 've stopped again and decided to give it 2.5 stars because while I was using it , it did make my skin feel great . I just did n't think the `` pimple trade-off '' was worth it.Others may not have the same problem .
 If this product is supposed to help your skin , why are there 6 different types of silicone ; count them.Dimethicone is a silicone . It is an ingredient used to make the skin shiny or to plump it up . So , all those people thinking this product is helping them get rid of wrinkles are really getting that affectfrom the filler more than the limited number of `` peptides '' this product has . Of which , this product only hasone . I question how much any of the helpful ingredients get through the cells membrane barrier when there isso much filler , and on top of this no ingredients with `` liposomal '' in them . Liposomes are designed to getthrough the cells outer membrane barrier .
 found the product to be ineffective . Im 73 yrs old and my skin in probably aged to much to make a difference . I still use it nightly just to see if there is hope
 My wife got this product based on the reviews observed . She has a sensitive skin and so tried this fragrance free version . But it still gave her boils on her skin ocassionally!Also she did not see much improvement on facial skin after using this product . She will not buy this product again !
 I bought two procudts of Olay and I expected to experience the renew of my skin . But unfortunately when I received this serum , the package seemingly has been opened because a little piece of paper fell off from the opening , not fresh new at all , and no seal , no expiration date . The worse thing is , I got some dots appearing on my face after using a couple of days . But I ca n't tell which Play product caused the problem . I ca n't return it because I 've opened it and used a little bit . Totally disoppointed , my face does n't change good but look worse .
 Product had previously been opened . Was under the impression I was purchasing a brand new product that had never been opened .
 I decided to purchase this facial moisturizer because of the great reviews.Actually , the moisturizer makes my skin soft and smooth instantly but I have extra dry skin . I tried to put extra olay moisturizer every morning and night but a few hours later , my skin always had been getting dry again . Somehow , I finished a whole bottle but I did n't even see any visible improvement in my face.After that , I switched my facial moisturizer to Bliss . Eventually , my face was n't feeling dry any more . The moisturizer also reduced my visible wrinkles and pigmented spots too.I have some Olay brand at home and most Olay items really work on me . I was expected this moisturizer will solve my dry skin and reduced some winkles . Unfortunately , the moisturizer did n't work for my skin .
 After reading the other reviews , I thought the redness and itching and dryness would be temporary . Two weeks in of use as recommended , I 'm giving up . This stuff is awful . My chin looks like chicken skin.It made me look younger , alright . But because it broke me out so badly I look like a teen entering puberty.Horrible.Going back to Philosophy products .
 This product made my skin itch like crazy and I broke out with little fluid blisters . . I use the moisturizer daily which does n't bother me at all though ...
 I 've ordered two Olay Regenerist Daily Regenerating Serum . Unfortunately both of the boxes were broken , and one of them was open and some of the cream has been spilled all over the box . Those were intended to be given as a gift and I was very disappointed by the condition I 've received them . I 've contacted MedSource Direct customer service by e-mail , however did n't get any response from them . Hopefully the product itself is OK -LRB- it was given as a gift -RRB- .
 This product did nothing for me . In fact I am unimpressed with all Oil of Olay products . I 'm going back to the cheaper Neutrogena products that made my skin itchy but at least took the top layer of my skin off and removed the wrinkles with it .
 I never give reviews but this is the second Olay product I have used in the past two months which has given me a horrible skin reaction . I 'm a healthy , 32 y/o male and have never had an allergic reaction in my life or negative experience using any kind of skin cream , ever . Within two minutes after applying this product my skin became red and itchy and both eyelids swelled up . I began to develop what looked like hives all over my face . Note , I did not apply product to eyelids either ... Olay Regenerist Night Recovery Moisturizing Treatment , 1.7 Ouncethis cream also inflamed my skin less than two months ago . I have used both of these products in the past but something is clearly wrong now ... Relief finally came after rinsing this Chinese-laced garbage off my face although it took several hours for my skin to return to normal .
 Olay is made from Proctor and Gamble , a company that still tests on animals even when it is NOT required by law . They will swear these tests are necessar and a ` last resort ' , but if that 's true then how is it that names like Avon do n't test on animals?This product is not worth vanity ! Try Avon or Almay instead !!!
 I have researched many of the cancer sites and find that most of the cosmetics I have been using , including Oil of Olay , and find it quite scary that so many carcinogens are in these products . Where is Ralph Nadar ? We need him.ra
 I ordered this from Amazon.com recently . When it arrived , I noticed that the product packaging seals were missing and the packaging had already been opened . I unscrewed the top and noticed that the level of lotion in the bottle was lower than what one would expect from a new product.I have n't had this problem with Amazon before , so I am giving them the benefit of doubt , and asking them to send me another one as a replacement . Hope the new one has n't been used or tampered with .
 I was so excited to start using this because of the wonderful reviews . I tried it the night I got it and I saw no difference . When I woke up the next morning , my face was sort of itchy . I also had red patches on my face too . I just ignored it because I thought it was something else . I used it again and once again , I saw no difference . One morning I opened my eyes to see my face filled with white heads ! I have n't broken out in awhile and it was horrifying . I 'm going to return this :-LRB- I 'm so disappointed . I 've never broken out from a product before .
 This stuff is nothing special . Leaves a tacky film on my skin . Try the Tehani Salon skin care anti-aging products . I found those to be better Amazon Products .
 Bottle of ` Olay Regenerist Daily Regenerating Serum ' had no top and pumping part of the bottle was broken.Manufacturing box of the bottle was smashed.All shipment inside of shipping box looked like somebody had stepped on it.Item looked like used ... , so I did not want to use it for myself.I think I will stop buying from Amazon .
 I have used this product before without problems . This was my second bottle and both were purchased direct from Amazon . I do n't have sensitive skin and I have no known allergies . I do very little with my face except moisturizing twice a day . I do n't even wear makeup . I want to stress that I am very healthy with no health problems or unusual sensitivities of any kind . After about one week of using this bottle , the skin at the edge of my lips began forming rashes . My lips were chapped and no amount of chopsticks soothed it . I still did n't realize that the moisturizer was the problem because I had used it before . After about another week , the rashes started to spread . It reached my neck , back of my ear , below my eyes , and on my nose in 4 days . I finally made an appointment with a dermatologist and decided to stop using this moisturizer after my boyfriend found people with similar complaints on Amazon . To check it out , my boyfriend tried the moisturizer too . He felt the itching and burning immediately and repeatedly washed his face that night to get rid of it . Olay posted responses on Amazon review to have people like me contact them . I called that number and they had no idea and offered no help . I have attached a photo of my face and lips during this period .
 I tried this product based on the great reviews , what a mistake ! I do n't have ultra sensitive skin , but as soon as I started using this product my skin started breaking out . I used the product for a week straight . My skin was nice and smooth , did n't notice any minimizing of fine lines -LRB- only 34 years old -RRB- . Like another reviewer said soft skin is not worth the acne breakouts . Disappointing .
 I had high hopes for this product , but I have to be honest and say that I can not notice any difference in the way my skin looks in the 2 weeks I have been using it . People tell me I have `` good skin '' to begin with , however I do have lines around my eyes and on my forehead . The only positive difference that I have noticed is that my normally dry skin is less dry . The worst thing is that this product has actually caused me to break out ! I ca n't remember when , if ever , I had pimples on my cheeks . I am going to have to stop using this and continue my search for a good moisturizer . Oh well .
 I bought this product thinking it would help reduce the lines and wrinkles around my mouth and it does nothing ! I even think it made them deeper and more noticeable . I would not buy this product again - worthless !
 I have used Regenerist for years and this did not feel as nice on my face as product purchased in the store . Not happy with this product at all . Wal-mart 's knock off is better than this .
 I was not impressed with this product and gave it to my girlfriend . I prefer to use a primer before applying my makeup and did n't notice any difference in lines , skin texture , etc. .
 I purchased this based on all of the great reviews . I have been using this serum for a few days now and have started breaking out all over my face . I 'm 33 years old and usually do n't break out . I use Olay products and this is the first time I 've broken out b/c of one of their products . I do n't see any improvement in my skin . I had high hopes for this . Very disappointed .
 I got this product and package look very old then I called to check at Olay customer service to asked them the lot number on the package for check the expiration date so it expired on 2010 . Should be careful .
 I just found out they test on animals , my money -LRB- vote to promote this -RRB- is not going to that ! I now quickly Google any product , why should they do this if it 's `` Natural '' supposedly ? We do n't live in the stone ages , it is so barbaric and wrong !
 While there may be no added fragrance , this product is definitely NOT fragrance free . It has a very chemically odor that is quite strong . Strong enough that my husband could smell it on me about 5 hours after i had first used it . That being said , it did seem to be of some benefit , although i can not use it due to the smell .
 I bought this product because of all the rave reviews on Amazon . The reviews were so good I bought TWO bottles . This cream is nice , I will keep using it because I have very dry skin , and a little bit goes a very long way . As far as all the miracles it is said to perform - I have seen no changes in elasticity , wrinkles , or dark circles and I have been using the product for 6 weeks .
 I 've tried this product again and again -LRB- i do have a whole bottle after all -RRB- and without fail , every time it makes me break out or gives me a rash -LRB- little red raised bumps in the area that it was applied -RRB- . I have tried many other products over the years and such a strong reaction is quite uncommon for me.I do n't have very sensitive skin -LRB- but i am quite fair -RRB- , and I have tried this product in several different ways and different areas of my skin , however I always seem to have some reaction -LRB- it seems to me that if you break out at all from even the best sunscreen , this stuff will for sure lead to breakouts -RRB- . This particular product seems to either work for people or not , if your skin is even slightly sensitive it might react unpleasantly .
 for the longest time i did n't use under eye creams because just about every single one irritated my sensitive eyes.after having issues with more expensive creams like kinerase , i picked olay up at the store figuring with it 's inexpensive price and good reviews on here , it would n't hurt to try.well , after using the bottle up here 's my thoughts : * it helps a teensy weensy bit with under eye wrinkles and crows feet , but not enough that i would consider purchasing it again . * it 's best redeeming quality is it does not irritate my very sensitve eyes . i have probably the worst problem with that - i can only use one type of contact lens cleaner!i would only recommend this to someone who has tried every other option out there and all were irritating or did n't work . otherwise , save your money .
 I read the reviews and I got ta say , all this magical tingly feeling some people feel ... I did n't feel it . My pores seemed more noticeable and my face was even a little drier , making my fine lines look not so fine . I threw it out and told my mother not to try it .
 I have previously bought this product from other sellers before , and always loved it . The lotion is overall wonderful , but this time around I noticed the lotion I paid for and recieved was EXPIRED . The brand is Kiss My Face . If you go to their website and to FAQ it tells you how to find the expiration date . So I found mine , and it expired 12-21-09 . This is 2-24-11 . Not happy , and disgusted , product smells obviously old .
 This lotion is worthless and trust me I 've tried them all so I definitely know what I am talking about . You would be fooled because it comes out a nice thick , creamy , luscious texture . At first pump , I marveled within and said to myself `` Ahhh , this must be good . '' -LRB- I really am obsessed , I love a good moisturizer -RRB- . It takes a while to rub in though , so you 've got to work those hands . When it 's all rubbed in , it feels great . . BUT then after a few minutes , I see flakes of dry skin . This is leading me to believe that a. -RRB- It does not penetrate the skin barrier and b. -RRB- It is actually a very drying lotion . Now I have sensitive , eczema-prone , VERY dry skin . Perhaps it is because I am african-american , I am able to truly see the results because I see little white flakes all over my thighs and this is definitely because of the product . All because I wanted to try something `` natural . '' And after reading the ingredients , I have to admit that the product is n't so natural after all . I 'm better off sticking to aveeno 's daily moisturizing oatmeal cream which is a product that delivers . Another product that delivers is Kiehls Creme de Corps moisturizer . If you would like more moisturizer recommendations , please do not hesistate to reply to this review/message me . This Kiss my face moisturizer is worthless . I know my moisturizers , lotions and butters and unfortunately this is a fail . It 's great that it 's free , but why make something free if it lacks the moisturizing factor ? The people who left 4 and 5 star reviews more than likely do NOT have dry skin . So if you 're looking for something for extremely dry skin , do NOT bother with this.I forgot to add that I had a flare up with first use as I also have very sensitive skin . As I used it more and more , that did not happen again but my skin did feel itchy at times . What a loser of a product , it fails in doing all it 's supposed to do .
 THIS SMELLS LIKE U RUBBING BEER ON YOUR SKIN WHO WOULD BUY THIS I DONT WAN NA SMELL LIKE A JUNKY
 I have used the 8 % alpha hydroxy Peaches & Creme for 5 years with no adverse reactions . So , I thought I would try this 4 % , being a more economical size . I just figured it would be the same ingredients , but with less alpha hydroxy acid . NOT TRUE ! The 4 % is mostly alcohol and other chemicals ! For those of us with sensitive skin ... even though 8 % alpha hydroxy is fine ... this alcohol based lotion will burn your face ! It 's been over 30 minutes since I washed it off and I still look like I have a severe sunburn on my face . I had to take meds to decrease the burning sensation . I hope I wo n't blister ! First six ingredients are water , isopropyl palmitate , cetyl alcohol , glyceryl stearate , glycerin , cetearyl alcohol . USE WITH CAUTION ! Better yet DO N'T USE !
 smells good but it burns my face and other sensitive areas of the body . works ok on the arms and legs though . would definitely not buy againEDIT
 Feels oily . Peels off . It does not absorb I feel like it sits on top of my face . If your skin isnt very dry its good otherwise no .
 I love lemon verbena soap/lotion that I have purchased from places such as Evelyn & Crabtree . This however , is absolutely awful smelling - and actually gave me a sick feeling . The lemon note is pure citronella
 I ordered this product because I was looking for a low-cost replacement for LaVanila 's Pure Vanilla perfume that I get from Sephora.I read the reviews , so I had been warned , but I placed the order anyway ... Aaaand the reviews were right . This perfume is overpowering up front , no smell 2 minutes later . Bad ... The only saving grace was that the bottle top can be removed , so I was able to add various vanilla oils I had ordered separately through Amazon and I MacGyverized a new scent that does last and smells really nice.Does it accomplish my goal of finding a dupe for LaVanila ? Nope , but it 's ok for wearing around the house and spraying on blankets and throws.Out of all the various low-cost vanilla perfumes and oils I 've bought so far , the ones I like best are Pacifica Island 's Vanilla Perfume and TokyoMilk 's Sugar Sugar perfume solid.So final recap on this product
 Very strong perfume smell . Was hoping it was a more mellow vanilla scent . Too strong for me , and if you have allergies can create a sneeze attack !
 I read so many great reviews about this product so I was extremely disappointed that it smelled so much like baby powder . I wo n't be buying this again .
 This product gives a pleasant tingle to the lips and is a nice gloss for over lip color if you want to use it that way . But there has been no noticeable plumping effect I can see . A little tingle when applying the second tube but then nada . Perhaps the ingredients will plump over time , using it every day , but if you want fatter lips now , you will be disappointed . Also the packaging does n't contain much product , so I doubt that I will get a lot of use out of it .
 I love all the Pleasures scents ... except this . It is too heavy and has a scent that gives me a headache . Maybe it smells like this on me , but I do not like it at all .
 Can this product be suitable for purpose?On application there was a stinging sensation and after two applications the whole area was very painful and i discontinued the treatment
 In my situation this product was a waste of money . It did NOTHING to help me . I recommend keeping away .
 I would n't give this any star , if I could . It is COMPLETELY WORTHLESS . You can get the same results with ANY drugstore or supermarket shampoo , . . probably better results .
 Do n't bother with this eyelash curler . It is really hard to use , ca n't imagine who designed it . Also , it came in a ridiculously big box when it was the only thing I bought from them . I felt really wasteful .
 I expected this to be more musky and to last longer . It 's very weak and it only lasts a few hours .
 These were simply `` ok '' . I probably will not repurchase again . They are no better than drug store grade silicone bands .
 These were simply `` ok '' . I probably will not repurchase again . They are no better than drug store grade silicone bands .
 Buyer beware , when this item arrives you will receive one bar of soap not six as stated in the ad - not sure if the ad was in error or a deceptive ad , will not buy from this vendor again.Diana Green
 This is NOT very moisturizing soap . I bought a bunch of the 3-pack boxes on another website when they were on sale , and I regret it.If you need a soap that moisturizes your skin , try South of France.I will never buy this brand again.Marigold Oil ? The `` marigold oil '' does nothing . There 's prolly just ONE drop in the entire bar.The soap does last a long time . But in this case , that 's not a good thing . I just want to use it up , and be rid of it!I 'll never buy this again .
 The Goats milk soap is a wonderful product . It is one of the few soaps we can use in our home due to skin allergies.This review is specific to the seller NUTRICITY . Do not purchase this product from them . They list the soap as a 6 pack of soap for the amount indicated usually around 6 dollars or so . I thought this was a great deal so I purchased 5 orders which would be 30 bars of soap . However , when I received the package there were only 5 bars of soap . I contacted them immediately but they refused to send the rest of the bars , they did refund the rest of the money back to my account but that is not what I wanted.I searched on Amazon for the soap again today and the item description is still incorrect . It still lists the product as a 6 pack of soap . It is very sad that Amazon allows this seller to remain on Amazon with false advertising !
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 all the fittings are too small for any hair dryer . I bought this diffuser and found that even the largest one did n't fit on my dryer , so I went to the store to buy a new hair dryer and could find one that would fit for under $ 150 ! why on earth would someone make an adaptable diffuser with such tiny fittings . what a sick joke ! I actually do like the diffuser though , but Ive been having to hold it onto my dryer with a towel wrapped around the attachment part , and it 's such a pain , but I like how it dries my hair otherwise I 'd just buy a hair dryer with custom diffuser . I 'll have to go to home depot and try to figure out a way to fit it to my dryer , but wow , bad design on the adaptable parts . would n't go through this trouble again .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 I Google this and was surprised that it is still on market . Someone in the office just sprayed this perfume & all of us started choking . I instantly knew that it was Primo . I see 1 reviewer says that she has been wearing in for 20 yrs . . I have been hating it just as long . When it 1st hit the shelves 20 + yrs ago , my girlfriend at the time wore it . . made me sick then and also today . I have a terrible headache . Sorry but that is one awful `` imposter '' .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 I use the Philosophy 3-in-1 WITH CONDITIONER . It works great and keeps my hair luscious . The one time I accidentally bought a 3-in-1 that did n't have conditioner in it , my hair dried out after two washes and got horrible split ends . After only three applications I had to throw the bottle out . I lost more than an inch off the bottom of my hair . I do n't understand how their products can vary so widely in quality , but they do.This is one of their better scents , however . I would recommend using this as a body wash only .
 I tried this out at my sister 's house before buying any . When smelling it out of the top of the bottle , I thought it smelled great . But once you get it into a lather , it smells like a lemon cleaner -- terrible . Also , I would not recommend using it as a shampoo -- left my hair greasy and tangled . Does n't foam under water like the Cinnamon Buns either , so its not really good for a bubble bath . Skip this one , and get the Vanilla Birthday Cake or Cinnamon Buns 3 in 1 instead .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 Maybe it had just been too long -LRB- since high school in the '80s -RRB- , but P.U. , this fragrance made me and everyone around me feel so ill , I had to go home and shower in the middle of the day . Fragrance is highly subjective , so I 'm not knocking those who wear this . I suspect it works better with their chemistry . Red by Giorgio was a big , bombastic , complicated '80s fragrance with a thick wallop of jasmine and sandalwood , and A Little Sexy is a fairly faithful copy thereof . If you 're not up for that sort of thing -- it is VERY different from current fragrance trends -- then proceed with caution here . The packaging for A Little Sexy claims it is `` soft and subtle . '' Only if a sledgehammer is mild and gentle .
 Did n't smell like the Cachet I 've loved over the years . I 'll purchase elsewhere next time to see if I 'm right .
 I bought this not sure if it would work on my dark hair and sadly it did n't really do much of anything . It did add a red tint so when in the sun it shines as a nice redish brown , so thats kinda cool . I bet if you had lighter hair it would work much better . I almost ran out of it but thats because my hair is a bit longer then 23 inches so if your hair is much longer you may want to get two tubes . The shipping was fast it got to me a few days before they said it would so that was nice . I also thought it was a good price .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 I found it too flowery . I went over enthusiastic and ordered 4 bottles , now i have to return all of them .
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 does n't scrape any dead skin off . just smells nice and is oily but i wanted a scrub with purpose . not going to buy again
 I was so excited to buy this item for my Mother for her Mother 's day gift , only to find it was very dry and course to her skin unlike the coconut cream I also purchased . I have submitted -LRB- 2 -RRB- emails in reference to the harsh item and I have not been responded to . . so I do not recommend this item . . although it had a wonderful aroma ... Thanks Charlye
 The description for this brush sounded great and I was able to find reviews on another site that extolled it 's virtues.PRO
 i wasnt to crazy about this productverses the perfume that i really like.it somehow smelled different . thank you
 I have enjoyed using New Musk for about five years . I always order six bottles at a time . Everyone I meet asks me what I am wearing . People actually stop me to tell me I smell good . NOW IMAGINE MY SHOCK TO FIND THAT THE LAST SIX BOTTLES I ORDERED DO NOT SMELL THE SAME . I called the company I purchased them from and they sent me a mailer envelope to return two of the bottles for testing . My question ??? Are they going to replace the two bottles -LRB- at $ 6.00 each -RRB- ??? I have loved this cologne and now I am so disappointed .
 I bought this not sure if it would work on my dark hair and sadly it did n't really do much of anything . It did add a red tint so when in the sun it shines as a nice redish brown , so thats kinda cool . I bet if you had lighter hair it would work much better . I almost ran out of it but thats because my hair is a bit longer then 23 inches so if your hair is much longer you may want to get two tubes . The shipping was fast it got to me a few days before they said it would so that was nice . I also thought it was a good price .
 I love Curve Soul but this is not it ! I totally requested a refund . It smells like regular Curve , a fragrance that I do not like .
 I love Confess cologne and have ordered it before . This shipment disappointed me as it seemed to be too sweet -LRB- like it had gone bad -RRB- .
 I bought this based on reviews -LRB- it 's available at Target and Walgreens - so not that hard to find -RRB- . I ca n't say I like it . I did n't like the original Obsession much either , but the reviews stated that this smelled better than the original.It was ok for a few hours , however , the floral scent tends to dissipate first , leaving the spicier , earthier scents that linger on clothing . And that 's the problem . When all is said and done , at the end of the day , my clothes and me smell like `` eau de old man '' . Very much like someone I would not sit near on public transport . And I 'm a regular bather too , so it has nothing to do with my hygiene.Perhaps my personal chemistry and this do n't mix . I do n't know.I would assume that the actual , more expensive Calvin Klein Obsession wo n't react the same , but I have n't tried it.I think I 'll stick to the more floral / citrus / vanilla scents -LRB- i.e. Hugo Boss Orange -RRB- from now on .
 This reducing cream does nothing but make your skin feel weighed down . The jar is small & it does nothing to decrease cellulite or fat , do n't waste your money
 Anyone buying this product in 2008 , beware ! It is not the same chemical free product that has had great reviews before . Apparently Nature 's Gate has reformulated the product and you can not get the older version anymore . The web page for this product still has the old ingredient list , so buyer beware ! I have tried several local stores and online stores , but no one can get the older -LRB- better -RRB- product anymore .
 This conditioner works fine . However , even if you are not scents sensitive , you should reconsider buying this product because of its very strong fragrance . Due to the very concentrated fragrance , this product is very likely to produce allergy reactions . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Really desapointed for the pachage , bent and damage , the bottle of perfum cover of sticky finger print , Well not possible to offer in this CONDITION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Some of the mirrors are not optically `` perfect '' . These mirrors magnify because they are curved . The problem is that if they are not curved perfectly , the magnification changes as you move around . My wife dislikes the one she ended up with . I have noticed that some magnifying mirrors are now advertised as `` optically perfect '' , which indicates other people have had the same problem . My wife gave one of the mirrors to a friend , who is happy with hers - so I do not know if only some are poorly built . It may have been built by the same company that built the original Hubble telescope .
 This spray has a fantastic fragrance , you can pick this up at any Walmart for under $ 2.00 and not have to wait for it to be shipped . Great to have in your car , gym bag or purse .
 I think I used this 5 times before I trashed it . It kept sliding off my blow-dryer which was frustrating .
 This is great at first . But once the inner rubber band heats up from the heat of your dryer -LRB- even on lowest setting as recommended -RRB- this diffuser losens it 's grip and just slides right off the dryer.Better I think to just buy a dryer that comes with a diffuser that snaps into place .
 I bought this not sure if it would work on my dark hair and sadly it did n't really do much of anything . It did add a red tint so when in the sun it shines as a nice redish brown , so thats kinda cool . I bet if you had lighter hair it would work much better . I almost ran out of it but thats because my hair is a bit longer then 23 inches so if your hair is much longer you may want to get two tubes . The shipping was fast it got to me a few days before they said it would so that was nice . I also thought it was a good price .
 I ordered this product and what I received did not match the item `` product Features '' list : Pre-measured natural henna powderPre-measured mixing solutionEucalyptus oilApplicator with fine tipReusable stencil transfersThe only thing that came with it was henna powder and mixing solution . While I know it said `` refill '' it also listed it came with the other items , which it does not . Buyer beware . Seller needs to fix their item description and not mislead the customers .
 Perhaps my skin is too dark -LRB- a surprise to me -RRB- , but this henna did n't work at all for me , it did n't even leave any red markings on my fingertips from applying it . If nothing else , I usually end up with something on them . So my search for a potent product continues . Cheers .
 After reading so many positive review on this product i was very dissapointed . I have black asian hair with blonde highlights in it . I use hair developer vol 30 with this product . Results , can only see tint or red under the sun . Maybe vol 40 might work but i have read lots of remarks vol 40 will fry the hair ... hrmm . . i might try again since there are several review stating that second time might work !
 It says red hot but it actually comes out a dark red with purple undertons . So if your looking for bright red hair this is not the product.Don ' t get me wrong it 's a very pretty hair color it 's just not what I thought it would be
 Bought this from a Sally 's last week . I have naturally chocolate/esspresso brown hair , mid way down my back . However , I 've been coloring it red for the past 14 months using Feria Ruby something -LRB- R68 -RRB- for the first half and then most recently Garnier Nutrisse Ultra Color Intense Auburn -LRB- R3 -RRB- . I loved the Garnier but thought I could boost the color even more choosing my own developer and color at a professional level . So when I saw the Excellence HiColor `` Made for dark hair '' in `` red hot '' I was excited to try it . I used the Loreal Oreor Cream Developer Volume 30 and let it develop 25 minutes.I just got done blow drying it and can only say I am so dissapointed in the color . My hair has been such a fun bright auburn for a year -LRB- people constantly stop me to ask what color it is or give me a compliment -RRB- . Now it 's more a super deep , deep auburn or a brown with a red tint . It has n't been this dark in over a year . So bummed . I 'll be switching back to Garnier Nutrisse 's Ultra color right away . Garnier goes on just as well , the smell is WAY less intense , and the outcome is fabulous . Garnier Ultra color also faded waaaay less than Feria R68 . I might update this later to see how the color holds however , I 'm not having high hopes there either . This color is just so ... blah . If I wanted to go dark I 'd go back to my pretty natural brunette . Not this sort of half and half.Don ' t waste your money , my fellow brunettes . : /
 i did not buy this from amazon , i got it at a beauty supply store and what a waste of money!i have naturally dark brown hair -LRB- # 2 . -RRB- it is supposed to lift your color and deposit the red color onto your hair and it did n't lift my color at all , so now i am left with a dark cherry-brown color - kinda . i have to stand under direct sunlight to even see a hint of the red . and i wanted Little Mermaid red hair . i did n't get it .
 I was so excited to get this color , i put it on and followed the directions perfectly . The color is NOT bright red or a red hot , it turned out more like a weird brick color , it was only slightly red -LRB- more of a weird brown-ish red color -RRB- I can say that i will never buy this color again , and i really hope the collection is n't like this .
 Do n't waste your money on this stuff . It 's water thin so it makes a huge mess , runs , and permanently dyes everything except hair . I tried this twice and might as well have used strawberry Kool-aid , it was gone after 2 shampoos in platinum bleached hair each time and I let it set covered with heat for more than double the suggested time . Manic panic or Jerome Russel 's colors are worlds better for about the same price .
 um ... It smells nice ... not sure what else to say about this . I will not purchase again , particularly at this high of a price . Maybe it worked at the microscopic level and I 'm just not aware of its value - I will give them the benefit of the doubt , but I expected my face to feel slightly softer or smoother or show some small difference that at the the very least validated buying it . I could n't tell any difference , except that I am now out a few dollars
 The sad thing is this is a great product with a serious flaw
 I should never buy colors online without first seeing them . The photo made me think this color was pearly/frosted , but it 's not . It is a very bright pink . Not for me . Fast service though !
 The red carton photo is correct . The unboxed hair dryer is a misrepresentation . The boxed dryer is considerably bigger and bulkier than the older model shown here . When I asked to return it , the seller said I would have to pay shipping both ways -LRB- $ 25 -RRB- , making returning this $ 30 product absurd .
 Does n't blow enough air , I need to buy a better one . Great size and I did not have to wait too long to get it .
 I bought this Sunbeam hair dryer to replace one I have had for years . Apparently some corners have been cut inthe quality of the parts . The fan blades came apart and were forced into the electric heating elements and causedquite a bit of noise . Not a good thing while one is standing in the bathroom trying to dry one 's hair and holdingit six inches from your head . Purchased through Amazon from Goodman 's Sales , LLC .
 I had been using Naturtint 4G for years , but wanted to try a lighter color and a different brand . This was a big mistake . The color came out bright red where it covers the grey roots . I had to rearrange my hair to make the roots less visible . It also smells awful , both during the application and even a few days later . Going back to Naturtint .
 I order this for someone who is unable to get to a store . The subscribe and save . Price was two boxes for $ 12 every two months . The next shipment ? $ 36 ! Read any notifications completely and do n't trust you are getting a fair deal . The price for two in most stores would not be more than $ 16 . The amazon new price was a 300 % increase from past orders . What a shock !
 I bought the shampoo and conditioner together after reading reviews online . Basically , I think the product smells lovely , kind of like incense , which made me want to purchase it . My hair is long , straight , fine and not very thick and I 'm going to have to say that after using it , my hair was not manageable ... at all . It was tangly to a ridiculous level . I used it for a few days , hoping maybe my hair had to adjust , but I ended up giving it away to a friend who uses it . It was strange also , because after going back to another shampoo , I could still smell Nature 's Gate underneath it . It 's been a couple of weeks now , and my hair is still not acting quite right . I considered that maybe this particular shampoo does n't react well to my city water , or to coconut oil , which I sometimes use in my hair , but those are the only reasons I can think of as to why it bombed so badly . I do not ever use styling products so it could n't be related to that.I gave it a two because I think it smells so great .
 NATURE 'S GATE IS ALWAYS AMAZING THE BRAND HAS NEVER LET ME DOWN . Except for this one shampoo . I 'm sorry but this smells disgusting . Super dissapointed I payed for this . This is a wonderful brand , but this particular scent is awful .
 I am a shampoo fanatic , and I love natural products , so I was excited to give this a try . I really wanted to love it.This shampoo does have a wonderful texture . It 's thick and lathers beautifully . It cleans well , but maybe a little too well for my thick , wavy hair . My hair was so tangled after I used this shampoo that I could n't comb through it even after conditioning.I bought this partially based on the reviews that say it smells nice , but to me it smells like flea treatment . I actually had to double-check the label after I used it to make sure I had n't accidentally bought a pet product . The fragrance lingered after my hair dried and even through my next wash with a different shampoo.I hear the other formulations are better , so I wo n't give up on this company . However , I 've used and loved other Nature 's Gate products -LRB- theC for Yourself facial serumis wonderful ! -RRB- , so I think this one just did n't suit me . On the bright side , I bet this would make a wonderful pet shampoo .
 Wrong Scentcontainer was leakingjust mad i never said anything because of my busy schedule ... thank a whole lot
 I asked for nature gate regular and that 's what is shown in the product descriptionBut I got the tea tree shampoo which was leaked when I opened it
 I put this on my face and it felt like I was using acid . My face turned bright red and was burning . I thought maybe it was because it was the first time using it . I put it on again that evening and it was worse . The burning was terrible . I washed my face three times to get the stuff off . But , the burning would not stop . So , I had to put a soothing moisturizer on and that did help . My face was red all weekend and it looked like I sat in the sun and got a horrible sunburn . Needless to say , I returned this product to the store . I bought it for wrinkles and could n't tell you if it works for that , but I can tell you if you want to lose your skin , it works . Maybe my skin is very sensitive , but I will never put this stuff near my skin again . This was recommended by the rep , and although she was a very nice lady , this was not for my skin .
 Be careful if you purchase this cream to try and combat wrinkles . I am 48 and I have sensitive skin . I used it just like the directions said and my skin swelled up so bad it looked like I was deformed ! I had to stop using the cream and my skin did go back to normal after 3 days thankfully but it was horrible to go through that . They did refund my money after I called so I had no problem with that part . Just be very careful and DO NOT BUY if you have sensitive skin .
 I want to make clear I have n't bought this item from this seller , but I have used it every single day for almost 2 years , and I bought it in the UK and later here in Macys NYC let me tell you do not waste your money !!! it did n't do anything for my stretch marks and wrinkles , as I used it on my face as well . In fact do your own search about the strivectin scam . The company is shady and this cream has the same components as one of the Olay creams for a fraction of the price . They also say Idebenol which is also another fraud . I hope it helps .
 I received a sample of this product in the mail and was excited to try it . I put it on after I showered at night and went to bed . The next morning I woke up with a rash of red bumps that itched on and off anywhere I applied StriVectin and also on areas immediately surrounding it too . It took about a week for the rash to go away.My sample did not have directions to test the product on a small area before first use , so I suffered a week of my hips , thighs , and breasts being covered in an awful rash . I 'm just glad I never put this stuff on my face !! It may work for some , but definitely test it in a inconspicuous small area first . I do not normally have sensitive skin so I am not sure what is in this product that made me -LRB- and other reviewers I have seen -RRB- have such a bad reaction . Due to this I would strongly recommend that anyone with any degree of sensitive skin or allergies AVOID this product unless you wish to suffer some possible side effects .
 I have white stretch marks on my tummy but they are not very prominent . I can still wear a 2 piece bikini but I do wish I can diminish them . I bought this Strivectin and paid almost $ 60 for it . I used it twice per day for over a month and did not notice any change at all . Do n't waste your money .
 This is a big sham ... they sold it to me saying it would erase the fine lines off my forehead ... No effect at all ...
 I purchased StriVectin from JC Penny a few days ago . I put it on at night before going to bed . I woke the next morning and my eyes were swollen almost shut . My face and neck area were swollen and red and irritated and then after a couple of hours I started getting a rash . I must have had an alergic reaction to this product . I ended up in the emergency room $ 300.00 later with an IV of benedryl and steroids . It has been 3 days now and my skin is still sensative and swollen . I am on daily dosages of steroids an benedryl but still having issues with my face and neck being very sensative , red , and patchy . I am so not happy with this product ! I can not say if it works or not I can only say do a test spot before you put it all over your face . I am in my 50 's and have NEVER had a reaction to anything like I did this and I have used a lot of products over the years .
 I thought this might work , but was mistaken !!!! I did just as it said and I have no difference in the stretch marks on my thighs . Save your time and money and do n't buy this stuff !!!! It would have 0 stars but Amazon does n't allow that : >
 It did n't work like It said It would.don ' t waist your money on this product . . go buy a store brand cream . It made my face breakout . I 'm never buying this product again -LRB-
 Because I saw that Amazon had this as a Gold Box Deal , I had to write a review and potentially save women lots of money.I am 40 , have okay skin but have some lines around my eyes . I bought StriVectin about three years ago and used it FAITHFULLY . When it did n't work initially , I added a daily application . This stuff just does n't work . It 's absolute junk . I do n't think it 's a wonderful moisturizer , either , because it 's is not labeled as non-comedogenic and I am prone to minor breakouts . However , I do not break out under my eyes and had no adverse reactions to the product . It just did n't work . At all.Someone mentioned Paula Begoun 's site . Use Google to look up Paula Begoun StriVectin-SD . The company that makes this product makes claims that are currently being legally challenged . Did I expect StriVectin to actually be `` better than Botox '' as their ad claims ? No . But , if I spend $ 100 , I do expect it to at least work a little . This product -- althought advertised heavily and marketed in a ` medical-looking ' tube absolutely does not work at all . Not even a little . I ca n't believe anyone got any positive results using it unless they never even used moisturizer before and are startled at the difference a little cream can make.I would completely recommend Obagi products -LRB- specifically the CLEAR , Exfoderm Forte , and BLENDER used in conjunction with Retin A. I also recommend TriLuma cream -- for similar results in one step . Do n't forget a strong sunscreen when using Retin A and Hydroquinone products ! I 've used Obagi faithfully for 2 years and my skin is completely improved . My breakouts have disappeared , my fine lines around my eyes are pretty much not noticeable at all and sunspots that appeared two years ago after a non-protected day in the sun have completely disappeared . Obagi is expensive , too , but completely worth it because it really works . The other day in Walgreens , I said something about my 16 year old daughter who was standing right next to me and the salesperson 's jaw absolutely dropped and said , `` OMG , I thought you were friends ... she ca n't be your daughter . '' Of course , I do n't think I look 16 , but the message was appreciated .
 I find it strangely odd that everyone who gave this product a fantastic review :1 . Has only ever reviewed one product on Amazon2 . All seem to have been posted on the 24th . Caveat emptor .
 I have been buying this from various places at about $ 130 and was happy to find it for about half price . Wrong . I have been using this product for several years and was sadly disappointed with what I received . While I absolutely love the real Strivectin , what I received had a tube that looked the same , had all the same verbiage , but the contents were runny , had an `` odd '' smell , and were not in the box that normally comes with it.Having said that , I still decided to try using it for a while and found it was really , really greasy ... almost like someone had altered the contents by adding mineral oil . Strivectin contains an analgesic to give a slight tingle on the skin . This also gives it a distinct smell . The product I received runs out of the tube when inverted . Normally Strivectin must be squeezed from the tube . I mention all this for new users who may not know the difference.I will stick to getting this from my retail supplier !!
 This product is not what it claims to be . . I have been using it for 9 weeks and I do n't see any improvement whatsoever ... . makes me wish I had saved the $ 140 and bought myself some new golf clubs . It does n't even do well for a wrinkle creme ... I 've seen better cremes at Walmart ... . plus it has this peppermint smell that makes me think of my wife 's foot lotion .
 I purchased this product only to come home and find out that on EWG 's skin deep cosmetic database it has a very bad rating and it 's toxic
 I have used Strivectin three times a day for about three years . Being 45 , I would have appreciated the disappearance of some lines or wrinkles . However , there is absolutely no change in them with Strivectin . I find the claims to be bogus and I 'm glad the FDA has been investigating them.On the other hand , this moisturizer feels better on my skin than any other I 've used . I love the feeling of it ! Peppermint is what makes it feel cool but apart from that it is wonderfully thick and luscious on the skin without being sticky or oily . Of course , there are probably moisturizers for a quarter of the cost that feel just as good . The problem is that most moisturizers are for women and contain scents that are supposed to appeal to women -LRB- although I can not imagine how they would -RRB- . Strivectin does not contain strong scent so it is suitable for men to wear.Therefore I give this 0/5 stars for doing what it says it does - because the claims made for the product are bogus based on my experience . I give this product 2/5 for being a good men 's moisturizer but it is way too expensive for a mere moisturizer so can not be rated more highly than 2/5 .
 Thanks everyone for all those reviews . I was set to order some Strivectin and after reading ALL the reviews I think I 'll pass on it . Having you gals offer such not-so-glowing reviews sends up a warning flag most of us should listen to !!
 I used the entire tube faithfully as a face cream over the course of several months . While I thought it moisturized fine , I did not notice any change in my lines , tone , texture . For the money I 'd go get several tubes of the Neutrogena anti-aging products - they work better , have a nicer texture and smell MUCH better .
 I bought this product thinking that it was so pricey it just had to work . Well it does n't . I followed the directions and went through two bottles with no results what so ever . I 'm 24 , 23 when I tried the product ... no reason it should not have worked if it actually worked at all . If it does n't work it should get 1 star because it is not delivering on its promise and the promise is why people buy this stuff . I wish I had n't listened to the raves on this product .
 Stated to use sparingly on eyelids . After 2 days - eyelids were burned it was so strong . After a week , they actually peeled like a burn victim . I used a tweezer to pull off dead skin hanging there . My eyelids were so swollen , I could hardly see . Still are puffy 3 weeks later . Given me more wrinkles than I had . I should sue them for damages - am going to doctor as they still hurt and itch like crazy and are so scaly nothing seems to help - not even Vaseline which , at least , keeps them moist overnite .
 I should have read this before trying StreVectin . I used its intensive repair and its eye cream at night . The next morning , I used both again . And my face felt like exposing in a desert for the whole day . As I checked my face in the mirror , it was abnormally red . My face felt itchy too . I bought the eye cream to moisturize my eye skin , but found for the first time in my life fine lines under my eyes after using it ! Now I DO have an eye skin problem!My case might be an exception since I have sensitive skin . Warnings to those who have thin and sensitive skin !
 I purchased a 6oz tube from Amazon back in December . I started using using Strivectin on Dec. 6th . I have not seen any difference in my forehead wrinkles or around my eyes . As a matter of fact I think I 'm starting to develope a new forehead wrinkle . So , it does n't prevent wrinkles from developing , either . After reading all the reviews , I have to wonder if I received a counterfiet tube of Strivectin . Whatever I got , it does n't work and I wo n't be purchasing any other miracle products . I guess I 'll just age naturally ...
 I found the cream does n't look like concentrated sticky cream at all . It is more lotion-like . I have used this product before and I noticed an apparent difference . I doubt if this is the real StriVectin SD product . I 'm contacting seller
 I found this product did absolutely NOTHING for me ... granted I do n't have huge wrinkles , but the few I do have certainly got no better and i 'm wondering if it made them worse ! I wish I had asked around from friends , cause if I had I would have discovered this on my own without wasting the money . I 'm wondering a couple of things , what all the fuss is about with strivectin ? Is it just that everyone is different and some people have good results and some do n't ? AND is there anyone out there who can recommend a product that REALLY works ? -LRB- if it works i do n't mind spending the money ... -RRB-
 I received my order , and I noticed the tube package was not as advertised . Totally different product information printedon front of tube , and did n't have the -LRB- KB -RRB- KleinBecker logo at the bottom as they show in the advertisment.The product does n't feel or smell the same as the KB StriVectin-SD I 'm use too . I do n't how theycan advertise this way . I returned mine . Do n't know who makes it , or what 's in it.I guess the price was to good to be true : -LRB-
 I bought it for stretch marks , used exactly as recommended but did n't work for me therefore I do n't recommend it .
 The color and smell of this product was off from what I 've purchased at Sephora in the past . Perhaps an expired product . I do n't recommend purchasing here .
 Dermatol Surg . 2006 Feb ; 32 -LRB- 2 -RRB- :184 -92 . Related Articles , LinksComparative Evaluation of the Safety and Efficacy of Botulinum Toxin Type A and Topical Creams for Treating Moderate-to-Severe Glabellar Rhytids.Beer KR.BACKGROUND
 I used this product for one month . I thought if I kept using it that maybe it would eventually work . It made my skin old looking . I stopped using Strivectin . Now I am using a cheap creme and my face is back to normal.LauraSeattle , Washington
 All of the `` glowing '' and `` raving '' reviews of this product were all entered on April 24 or April 25 . Coincidence ? I think not . These are people paid by Strivectin for their `` honest '' reviews ...
 The only people who left good reviews did n't use it on their marks . That 's because it does n't work on them ! Please save your cash for something that will work . I hope I find one that actually does work .
 If you want Srivectin SD for Wrinkles and Stretch marks do not order this product !!!! The tube , box and literature state `` Stretch Marks '' and this product is a totally different formulation . Perhaps a discontinued product . I could not find this product listed on Strivectin 's official web site .
 I usually buy the new-packaging product however this item arrived with my last order . Whilst very moisturizing -LRB- which I can achieve for a lot less money -RRB- the efficacy of this product is greatly diminished from previous purchases . I can only imagine that an additional question needs to be asked when considering ordering this-Is this the original ` brownish ' colored cream or the newly ` white ' created product . Very disappointed in this product compared to previous purchases , an expensive mistake thrown into the garbage .
 As many other people I purchased this product expecting good results regarding firming and erasing wrinkles and I did n't see them at all.Plus the fact that as somebody else said it smells horrible.My personal recomendations with great results and for less money : Redermic by La Roche Posay
 It 's very expensive and did n't dimish my stretch marks , old or new . I followed the directions as advised . Do n't waste your money .
 Been using product for about a month for wrinkles around the eye . So farit has not worked . Better results with eleven dollar alpha hydrox productsand some Avon Anew products . Waste of money . Lotta hype . Not even CLOSEto botox . Please .
 Do n't believe the hype around this product . Unless I happen to be one of the 7 % who experience no results as indicated in the literature , this stuff did nothing for me ... and I used it as directed . Revitol , Celrase , Nivea Q10 ... none of these cellulite/stretch mark creams work . The only products that have helped me are X-tend Life products from New Zealand . They take care of it all . I do not work for X-tend Life ; I 'm just trying to help other frustrated customers find a true remedy .
 I THOUGHT I WAS GETTING STRIVECTIN-SD 8 % I GOT STRIVECTIN-SD 5 % KB ... THERE IS A BIG DIFFERENCE ... I AM SAD WITH SELF WITH NOT READING IT BETTER AND WITH AMAZON FOR NO WARNING ...
 I 've been using it 2 times a day for 4 months . Unfortunately , i did not get the result it promised , even though i am 30 yo and just started to get wrinkles . I think -LRB- hope -RRB- StriVectin gave some good to my skin overall , since it is full of great ingredients . However , i can not really see it.The bottom line is it was too expensive for me -LRB- even though i found it for $ 95 -RRB- for the result i got.I plan to go with Shiseido next time . My friend got rid of wrinkles with it .
 I have been using this product for 3 weeks now , so far I have had absolutely no results . How long does it take for this stuff to work ?
 I so want this to work and by taking photographs before starting to use this product and then at one week intervals , I am forced to accept that while the product states `` Significant , Corroborated Results Seen by 93 % of Subjects Tested '' , sadly my baby caused stretch marks are among the 7 % where it had no impact . -LRB- yes , I religiously applied 3 times each day -RRB-
 I have been using StriVectin-SD for 10 years . I just loved it . But now I 'm totally disappointed . I got new one Strivectin - SD and creme for neck from my daughter like birthday present . Because I used it for years I did not made the test . I put creme on my face and about 11/2 hour nothing happened and I was happy.After that my face gone red , but not just red , purple , hot . They say that small warm can occur and it disappear after 1 - 2 hour . It 's already four days and my face still purple , I look like I gone thru fire . I do n't know what to do . I totally ruined my face . I 'm afraid that it 's never going to be like before .
 This is not the real stuff . It is brown and looks old . It smells really funny too . I recommend buying it at the store where it is fresh .
 Do a search on Paula Begoun and Strivectin-SD to understand why this product wo n't reduce wrinkles and what the potential side-effects are .
 I still have n't received this product . Hopefully it will arrive any day but I have waited one month .
 This product is garbage . Greasy , stinky , and does n't work at all . Motor oil would n't work any worse ! Those reviews are hilarious . All from the April 24th and 25th , and so scripted . They all were pointing out the false statements that Strivectin promotes . Coincidence ? I think not ! They are the same makers of that weight loss product that claims , `` Think $ 153 is too much to pay for a weight loss product , not if it works ! '' -LRB- Gee , the same odd $ 153 cost-like they could n't sell it for $ 150 . No ! They need to recover that extra three dollars or they would n't cover their expenses ! -RRB- That product does n't work , either . Bogus products , bogus company !
 Have been using this product for years and can not do without it . However , I just opened the package I received from you and it must be old or something . When getting it out of tube it seem to seperate and I ca n't account for it unless it is old . I do notice they have changed packaging and wonder if that is not the case with this . Have never had this happen before .
 As soon as I opened the tube and began to place some of the cream on my hand/fingers , it was much more watery than any I had used in the past . I am too lazy to return it to you so I am using it every night as always but with regret that I ordered it through the internet instead ofo the department store.Sorry for the remarks but the truth hurts sometimes.Barb Harris/barbezwriter@aol.com
 I purchased this product and used it only on my face for 7 days . I developed terrible dermatitis . I discontinued the product immediately and am healing now . I am not usually prone to dermatitis caused by lotions or skin preparations and was very surprised . The cream smells very much like a prescription ointment I have once used for something unrelated , however I saw none of those ingredients listed .
 I saw this product at Sam 's Wholesale . I hoped it would get rid of fine lines around my eyes and the stretch marks on my thighs . It broke my face out and I am not a person with sensitive skin . Red bumps came up everywhere . And the results on my stretch marks were zilch . Product does not work . For fine lines spend your money on botox . That actually does work !
 I 'm 46 and have pretty good skin . I was very excited about Strivectin and started using it religiously . I could have sworn that it was making my skin look better . It was one of the first cosmetic product I ever bought . After several months I became cynical about the entire industry after seeing marketing claims for various products that were obviously bogus . So I decided to really test Strivectin by only putting in on one side of my face . The skin regenerates every 28 days , but I kept doing it for 6 weeks.No results whatsoever ! I asked several friends which side of my face looked better and most of my friends would say there was no difference . A few chose a side , but they were evenly divided between both sides .
 I purchased StriVectin-SD Intensive Concentrate for Stretch Marks in January . I decided to give the product a chance , being that I have heard rave reviews about it . After the first week of using StriVectin , my strech marks were smoother and so was the surrounding skin . I continued to follow instructions carefully , I even exfoliated three times a week , thinking this would also help the process . By the end of the month I noticed no change at all ! I just had smooth strech marks , wtf ? I decided after the sixth week if nothing happed , I would return the product . Just as I thought , after six weeks of using this product , I was disappointed to see that nothing changed . Do n't waste your money , this is clearly for fresh stretch marks and companies should make it a point to say that .
 I used the entire tube faithfully as a face cream over the course of several months . While I thought it moisturized fine , I did not notice any change in my lines , tone , texture . For the money I 'd go get several tubes of the Neutrogena anti-aging products - they work better , have a nicer texture and smell MUCH better.As for `` better than Botox '' - buyer beware when you hear that line !
 I bought the cream hoping to get rid of , or at least lighten stretch marks from pregnancy . I have used it three times a day for 3 months and have seen no results . It smells horrible and having to apply 3 times a day is really a pain in the hind parts . I was very optimistic after reading some of the other reviews . I 'm now very disappointed . If something sounds too good to be true , it is .
 i am disgusted to recently have learned that this company and its products are complete hoaxes ! i purchased a tube of StriVectin-SD on recommendation of a GYN for my pregnancy stretch marks . Imagine how anxious i was for a product and at the advice of a Dr. no less , i was impatient to try it and forked over the 80EURO for 50 ml/1 .7 oz . -LRB- that size is not even available in the US -RRB- . I became severely disheartened when i read reviews about the product here on amazon.com and at -LSB- ... -RSB- . they were love/hate at best . and many accused the product and its company of fraud stating over-zealous claims that are being investigated by the FDA . between this , the exorbitant price and the late logic that there is no such thing as a cream that will clear stretch marks in a few weeks -LRB- especially with run of the mill ingredients -RRB- i returned it , thankfully in time to stringent French return policies.upon my new quest to find another product i came across striadril . seeing the cognitive link , i put the product in wikipedia 's search engine and read that BOTH products are made by the same company under different sub-names -LRB- Basic Research makes Strivectin-SD and Generix Labs makes Striadril -RRB- , both made by the same manufacturer at the same location -LRB- Salt Lake City , Utah -RRB- however the only difference is ; `` This company sells the product Striadril , which is billed as a generic version of the Strivectin-SD product at a fraction of the cost . Many customers are not aware that Striadril is the exact same product as Strivectin-SD , manufactured by the exact same company , just with a different package and price point to attract a lower-end consumer . '' !!!! How GROSS!Striadril can sell for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- USD and StriVectin-SD $ -LSB- ... -RSB- !!!! -LRB- again not taking into account the price gouging in Europe ! -RRB- it 's worth noting that there is a prevailing myth circulating that StriVectin-SD used to be a prescription and is now `` public '' . Complete and utter BS . What 's more , the cream is not only a stretch mark eraser but a wrinkle remover !! a veritable all-in-one beauty cure-all !! Ha ! -LRB- ** the reviews i read on amazon.com a few days back also cited that many of the 5-star reviews were by 1 time reviewers made on the same days , i.e. possible deliberate company contributions . i can no longer find that product listing with those reviews , there were well over 30 on that listing . i decided to post here instead -RRB- when Americans are so lawsuit-happy , where 's the uproar over this ?? more regulation in the cosmetic industry is overdue .
 I used this cream for my eye wrinkles for about a month and saw absolutely no difference . Fancy packaging , false delivery claim `` Better than Botox , '' and a high price scams consumers into thinking this product works . Do n't waste your money . This cream is so greasy it actually made my face break out . It 's amazing what marketing can do to sell a product that does n't work .
 This product is all hype and ABSOLUTELY NO SUBSTANCE!I bought this product thinking it would at least fade new stretch marks acquired through weight loss if it did n't affect old growth spurt stretch marks . I applied RELIGIOUSLY for 6 weeks ... not even a hint of a fade . I am extremely disappointed . I will never buy this companies products again and I recommend to other women not to waste their time or money ... you could be using another treatment that is more effective for 6 weeks instead of wasting your time with this peppermint moisturizer with a hefty price tag !
 I had heard so many wonderful things about this product and how it helped the skin contour , removed fine lines , etc. I have used it three times a day for a month with NO CHANGE AT ALL . However , it is a nice EXPENSIVE moisturizer .
 I have been using this as advised for over a month now . It says 2-3 times a day on clean skin . Somedays I use it twice , some days I used it three times . I have not seen any even slight difference . Do n't waste your money .
 I splurged and bought myself StiVectin about a year ago as a Christmas gift to myself . A good friend of mine uses it and loves it and I swear I noticed a difference in her skin . Well , all I can say after my experience is it must work differently on different skin types . I applied it every night and every morning for the past year -LRB- give or take a time or two -RRB- . Today I do n't notice any significant change in my skin - either in the texture or the fine lines around my eyes , mouth and on my brow . When I first started using it I broke out , too , around my mouth and on my chin -LRB- I 'm 34 years old , btw -RRB- . It could be coincidental - after a couple weeks the breakouts stopped , although I do still get the occassional zit . The smell is n't so bad - it is kind of strong but it was n't offensive to me . Anyway , if any of my friends were to ask me whether they should buy it or not I would probably not recommend it . I 've used Clarins products in the past and they work MUCH better for the price . Also , previously to trying StriVectin I was using Aveeno products on my skin and my skin looked the same as it did while using StriVectin , only without the breakouts.So there 's my story ! As I said , my friend says it works great for her and from what I can see it does . As for me , I will never buy this product again .
 I have been using this product exactly as directed since I received it in early January and I can say honestly I see no difference . The only plus is it starts out as a nice moisturizer , but later seems to get greasy . I will not buy this again and feel very cheated by this company and their promises .
 I have been using strivectin for over a year now and this product looks and smells nothing like what I 've been using . I 've very disappoint that amazon would allow fake products to be sold on their site . Very disappointing and now I 'm stuck with crap.The packaging and safety seal are not the same as usual and neither is the color of the lotion .
 the size sucked , the product did not show me any improvement annd i HAVE BEEN USING IT FOR OVER THREE WEEKS NOW .
 After all the hype I expected at least some results , but found that after 30 days there was no improvement in lines and wrinkles , and in fact my previous product did n't make my pores as noticeable . I will not continue using Strivectin-SD .
 The idea that this product is `` better than botox '' is completely untrue . Not only is it not better , it does n't do anything ! I feel like a fool now . I bought $ 400 worth of their products in order to get a better deal overall . What a total rip-off . I got enough so that I could really give it a chance . I have used it religiously every day without fail for over six months and NO results . Even the teeniest tiniest lines have not altered in any way . I have read many reviews that were negative from people who only used it for a few weeks to a month . I thought they just did n't stick with it long enough . Well , it 's useless and smells weird too . I 'm serious . NO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GARBAGE !
 I used 2 tubes of this for months and just like trilastin sr . . IT 'S GARBAGE!It does moisturize but so do a million other creams . . it 's meant for stretch marks but does n't do nothing for them . It did n't work on my 3 month old stretch marks from pregnancy and it did n't work on my 10 year old stretch marks either . Regret spending $ 300 on this crap !
 This is a complete waste of money . In fact , I would say my skin looks worse , not better .
 we knew there would be no good answer for old stretch marks . used this religiously for about a month and a week and saw no improvement at all . so i gave up . it was worth a shot though . i am glad other have had success .
 Another disappointing anti aging product . Save your money and try some less expensive products first and research any expensive products on the internet first .
 I have been using this as advised for over a month now . It says 2-3 times a day on clean skin . Somedays I use it twice , some days I used it three times . I have not seen any even slight difference . Do n't waste your money .
 I used this on some older stretch marks that I had and it did nothing for them . It is a great moisturizer , but way too expensive to use for that . I ended up buying 100 % unrefined shea butter and noticed a significant improvement in my older stretch marks and it moisturizes my skin all day from just one application . Makes a great all over body moisturizer and you can even use it in your hair . The unrefined shea butter is way cheaper and way more effective . I would suggest buying the unrefined shea butter instead .
 I have used it since it came out and I love it 'll ordered it from here because of the great price . I wasted my money because I had to go out and buy it again at my usual place . The product I was sent had the same packaging and tube but I used it and it is very greasy and left a residue on my face . I would never order from here again .
 I used it for 2 months , twice a day . It did n't make any difference on my skin . I would n't recommend it .
 i bought this back when they were selling it for 99 dollars . i bought it to use on stretch marks i already have . i have some deep ones and some that are not deep just discolored . Did not improve any stretch marks . Save your money it wo n't make a difference at all .
 I really wanted this product to work on my cellulite ... but even in the instructions they say that the massaging into the skin , is really what is needed ... should have known better . Very expensive too , although amazon 's price was n't bad by comparison with other sites .
 The polish appeared to be genuine OPI , and it arrived promptly . However , the polish appeared new but was actually old and too thick .
 I had been waiting for this product to arrive . It came today and when I opened the bottle I found that the glue had dried and was not usable . I am pretty upset about this . I had expected this product to be in good and working condition . I advise others not to purchase this nail glue .
 was excited to get this product in and was very disappointed . I dont know if I just got a bad one but it would not stick . So I decided to try to feel out the glue with my fingers and it wasnt even sticky !! Like I said I must have gotten a bad one . Wont got through the trouble of returning , just gon na count it as a loss .
 my nails went off the 2nd day after wearing them . . if u buy try to use a lot of the glue to the nails !!!!
 I hate this glue . I used it for acrylic nails and the nail came off the second day . I was really disappointing . The only good thing is that it was a brush style .
 ok , i dont know how EVERYONE else seemed impressed and happy that this stuck , it didnt work for me . It sticks for like ... 24 hours TOPS then my fake nails just start falling off . All . The . Time . It 's horribly annoying . What the heck ? I wish they stuck the nails like others claimed , I wanted to have my fake nails on for a week . Not one day . Will be looking for a replacement glue since this one isnt good . : /
 The idea behind this pillows development was wonderful , but after only three weeks the suction cups died and stopped sticking to the tub normally . Then they just started sticking onto to the bathtub so strongly that we could n't pull them off the porcelain . They 'd just pop out of the ` sockets ' that we had cups with no pillow stuck to the tub for a few days . This pillow had great possibilities and was more expensive then other similar products . If I could choose again I 'd stick with this company 's ` Bean Pillow ' . It is hard to be negative , but with a little work this might be a great spa pillow . But it is n't there yet .
 The idea behind this pillows development was wonderful , but after only three weeks the suction cups died and stopped sticking to the tub normally . Then they just started sticking onto to the bathtub so strongly that we could n't pull them off the porcelain . They 'd just pop out of the ` sockets ' that we had cups with no pillow stuck to the tub for a few days . This pillow had great possibilities and was more expensive then other similar products . If I could choose again I 'd stick with this company 's ` Bean Pillow ' . It is hard to be negative , but with a little work this might be a great spa pillow . But it is n't there yet .
 I 'm unable to wear this lotion because of the scent , and even my husband asked me to get rid of it . It smells like pipe tobacco . It 's nearly as runny as water and comes pouring out of the spout when you pump the nozzle . Nothing like the Escada perfume that I love . Thank goodness seller was willing to refund or replace and was very apologetic .
 So I 've been searching and searching for a good neck rest for my salon Shampoo bowls , and unfortunately I 'm still going to have to continue the search . This is a good idea , but not good construction . It tears and does not stay in place , the suction cups rip right out ... so sad !!
 was empty when received i love clinique products . unhappy with empty container . Will be more careful ordering in the future
 While this product is great , AZ Perfume charges $ 30 for an 8.5 ounce bottle of Aveda shampoo , or almost double the $ 16.95 what you would pay from other vendors or the salons . Save yourself some money and buy from a more reputable vendor than these vultures . Shame on Amazon , by the way , for tolerating blatant price gouging on its website .
 I never received this product . I was sent a sun care treatment instead . When I contacted the seller about the problem I never received a response .
 No es lo que esperaba , el olor es bueno dentro del estuche , al usarlo no huele igual y dura poco
 The pillow feels great ! I had to silicone the suction cups on ... then the suction cups are not strong enough to hold the fabulous pillow in place . -LRB- It floats up & head holds it down so it works . -RRB- It is the most comfortable bath pillow I have ever used so it got 2 stars .
 So far I have only used one application of this product . I like it because it did give me the gray coverage that I want and it was very easy to use and not messy at all . My complaint is that the color does n't seem to last very long . The box suggests that you should use it every time you touch up your hair -LRB- every 6 weeks or so -RRB- , but it 's only been about 2 weeks and I need to touch it up already . I left it on for 30 minutes just like the instructions said , but ... the color just did n't stay . Maybe I will leave it on a few extra minutes this time . Overall the product does work but the results do n't seem to be long lasting .
 The pillow feels great ! I had to silicone the suction cups on ... then the suction cups are not strong enough to hold the fabulous pillow in place . -LRB- It floats up & head holds it down so it works . -RRB- It is the most comfortable bath pillow I have ever used so it got 2 stars .
 The shampoo tray came in a timely fashon and the quality was good . However , the opening that allows for your neck was very narrow ; this made the shampoo tray unusable . Unless you have a very thin neck , do n't purchase this particular shampoo tray .
 I have used many hair wash trays over the years , and this is by far the worst . First , the neck rest is uncomfortably tight on me and two other women I have had try it . A man would have an even worse time . It should be at least an inch wider . Second , the arm strap is too short and is n't adjustable . It has no buckle so it has to go over the patients head . Upon putting one 's forearm through the strap as the instructions say , the back of the tray flips up in the air . The patient has to get in an awkward arm position to hold the tray so it slopes down into the sink , and if the patient lets go , the strap goes around his or her throat . If the patient 's arm fatigues and drops but they do n't let go , the tray flips up , causing the water to dump on the patient . There are other trays that are more pricey , but they are definitely safer and more comfortable .
 this product does not fit around my neck & shoulders at all !!! i got incredibly soaked when my husband tried 2 wash my hair with this :-LRB- the tray is too rigid . unless your sink is exactly at the level of your shoulders when you are seated ; you will have a heck of a time trying to get the tray to balance & drain correctly ! do not waste your money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This product smells NOTHING like the real thing ... AT ALL !! after reading the reviews and using the same brand body spray for about a year now this purchase was a no brainer . Big mistake . The body spray under the same brand smells EXACTLY like aqua di gio . This on the other hand does not . In anyway . Form . AT ALL ! save your money and buy the body spray at . Walmart for $ 2.80
 The product description sets you up for high expectations but it really does n't work ... Shampooed daily and used the entire bottle ... got better results with lower cost products .
 I have been using L'Anza Healing Strength shampoo for a while and it does wonders for my fine hair - especially in the winter . I normally buy it directly from my stylist but as I was running low between appointments I decided to buy it from Amazon instead . This particular shampoo seems quite different from the product that I normally use so I 'm wondering if it 's a fake . This is surprising given that it 's supposedly sold from L'Anza . This shampoo that I bought from Amazon is much runnier and the smell is a little different . It seems almost as if it 's been watered down . Also , and more importantly , my hair does n't feel as conditioned with this particular product . I recommend people buy direct from a stylist or a more reliable source . I certainly wo n't be buying this on-line again .
 I bought this product because it was a great buy . Upon opening the bottle , I quickly noticed the cream was a different color and texture from the bottle I bought at Macys . When applying I again noticed the feel was completely different , I do not believe this cream is authentic.I contacted the seller with my complaint . To my surprise , the response I received back was a form letter . Almost like they have recieved several complaints about fake products . No refund or replacement was offered.I will never buy from this seller again , as I am convinced the very expensive Shiseido cream was replaced with something else . I have been using this product for 3 years and absolutely could tell the difference.BUYER BEWARE-DO NOT BUY FROM SELLER-IF THE PRICE IS TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE-IN MY OPINION IT IS -LRB- FROM THIS SELLER -RRB-
 I used 4 bottles of this product , did n't see any change at all. : -LRB-
 The product I used to use under this name would bring out the curl in my hair and hold it . This is more like a frizz control and weighs doen the curl .
 You 'd be better off using old fashion petroleum jelly . My my not a good idea . this product is for use in photo shoots not the real world .
 Well I strayed from the formula and got burnt on this one . I 've been purchasing and reviewing colognes from the list of `` So you 'd like to start wearing cologne '' guide on amazon , of which this one was not on . Intrigued by many favorable reviews at Epinions.com I went ahead and took advantage of a good deal . Now up to date , most of the colognes I have bought are very bright and pleasing scents . At first sniff this cologne is VERY different . It is much more subdued and dark . In short , the bottle is basically brown , but when scrutinized through light it has other nuances , and this cologne is basically the same in fragrance . It is controversial , my wife says she likes it , I do n't happen to . I can see how it gets either 5 stars or ranks very low . This cologne IS very different from others if you 're looking for something different that people will know the name of , but there will be some that do n't care for it at all . To me it smells like dark chocolate and tar that someone tried to cover with a musk cologne , neither of which are probably in it .
 I got this blow dryer and returned it within a week . It 's a cute dryer , but when I turned it on high and shut it off it would smoke . It would n't do it on low , but I still felt it was unsafe . It could have just been the dryer that I got , just be aware if you purchase one .
 I purchased the ANDIS-black chrome ceramic ionic hair dryer on January 10 2008 and it arrived promptly a few days later . The noise level is exceptionally loud especially on the high setting ! The stylish chrome finish began to peel off after about a week of use . Then it failed to operate in the low setting permanently on April 16 . I have never owned any other hair dryer that failed so soon ... after only 12 weeks . The Andis Company has to know about the peeling finish and the noise level ! I will never purchase another ANDIS dryer ever .
 I 'm very disappointed to say that the hair-dryer I received is defective ! the moment I turned it on , smoke and a horrible burning smell started to come out of it ! it is very dangerous ! Also , I ordered for a new item . The one I received was NOT . When the package arrived , I noticed there was tearing on the box . Obviously someone else returned it and probably reported as defective merchandise before . How could the seller ship this item out again and deliberately in danger costumers ?! I have never been so disappointed on any online purchase like this one . Do not order this hair-dryer . Giving the behavior pattern , it 's very possible that they might re-ship this dangerously defective one to you !
 2 weeks after I ordered this hairdryer it stopped blowing hot air . It also is much heavier than most hairdryers , and , when it was working , I really did n't notice a big difference between this hairdryer and regular -LRB- non-ionic -RRB- , less expensive dryers .
 I used an Andis hairdryer at a hotel and loved it . Unfortunately , the model I used is no longer available , so I ordered this one . The design is poor . The switches for power/speed and air temp are directly on the handle -LRB- not recessed -RRB- , so that I 'm constantly inadvertently switching the unit off , or changing the air temp . Annoying !
 the heat stopped working after a few months from buying it . I have long and thick hair , and the blow dryer dried my hair in 20 minutes ... smooth with no frizz . I loved it . I did n't even need to use the straightener . Before the Andis 1875 , I was using a cheap blow dryer , and it lasted a lot longer than the Andis , and I washed my hair every other day . After I bought the Andis , I was washing my hair every 3rd day , and it crapped out on me after a few months . I would not recommend buying this blow dryer . : - -LRB-
 The hand grip gets too hot to hold after about 2 minutes . Not like toasty warm - HOT!It is heavy and the buttons are located in a bad spot.Don ' t bother .
 Heavy and unwieldy . Only 2 speeds , low & high . Low blows my hair all over -- it 's too high . Do n't want to think about what `` high '' speed would do .
 Ordered this after checking the great reviews to replace my 5-year old dryer that 's starting to diminish in performance . The dryer arrived promptly and as I started to use it , it seemed to dry my hair quicker than my old one . I was very happy until it just died , mid way , through my first use . It did not smell like burnt , the safety plug was OK , I disconnected and reconnected - nothing . So I went back to my old dryer to finish the job , and checked the dryer afterward , and still did not turn on . Amazon was quick about sending me a second blow dryer . I figured that with the good reviews , perhaps it was my unit that was bad ... well , wrong ! same thing happened . On my way to return it now , but this time asked for a refund , and will try to find a new version of my old dryer .
 its been a month and the hair dryer stop working , dont know what happen it just stop working and letting me hair wet
 I gave this hair dryer to my wife in mid-April for her birthday . She loved it . It got VERY hot and dried her hair in about 10 minutes , which was a whole 10 minutes less than any other dryer she had used . Everything was peachy until about a month ago -LRB- September -RRB- when all of a sudden it started making a terrible squeeling noise which required a bang on the counter to get working properly . The constant banging lasted for about a month and now it squeels and does n't get hot anymore . All said and done , this is a great dryer if you only want it for 4 months , but for this kind of money I would have expected it to last a lot longer !
 very cheap product , typical made in china product with a very bad quality . the color start to wears out after a few days
 I just got it in the mail and it 's going back .1 . It sparked as soon as i plugged it in and turned it on2 . The attachments do n't really snap on , you just place them on and they can easily pop off3 . In my attempt to attach the attachment it scratched off the `` chrome '' finish which is essentially painted on.I 'm giving it a star because when I turned it on and placed it on the highest setting it got warm enough for my intended uses . -LRB- I am spanish with curly hair , I use to relax my hair a long time ago but I have stopped and gone natural , I wanted to have a dryer that would help me blow dry my hair when I want it straight -RRB- Also it comes with three attachments
 I am really very happy with this hair dryer . I bought it after reading about what a dream ceramic/ionic dryers are and researching here on Amazon.com.The only reason I give this 4 instead of 5 is for noise . I had hoped that new dryers -LRB- my last one is at least 7 years old -RRB- might have quiter motors in them.This does what it says . My hair dried to styling point within 3 minutes instead of 8 . My frizzies were reduced by at least 75 % without the use of any syling products or leave-in conditioners . That alone is amazing and worth the price.Another reviewer mentioned that this was heavy , making it hard to use . I do n't notice a weight difference between this and my older Conair . I do notice that the nozzle is about an inch longer , so every now and again I 'll bump myself on the head , but that 's simply user error . : DI 've never been particularly handy with the attachments , but they 're there . It has two directional nozzles -LRB- one plastic , one metal that scratches the dryers finish -RRB- and one directional with 11/2 '' picks coming off of it.All-in-all this is an awesome machine that gets the job done in way less time and with great results . ** UPDATE ** After owning this for most of a month I am still very satisfied . My rating would stay the same . I am very slightly disappointed because the finish is already starting to chip off around the nozzle . I wondered how I had gotten glitter all over my hair and face ... it is the shiny finish flaking away . Glitter is n't the end of the world , and I do n't care what my dryer looks like so long as it works properly . Just a note in case others consider looks/finish when purchasing hair dryers . *** UPDATE *** lowered score to a two.This was a nice dryer while it lasted . It literally blew up in 2011 . I was drying my hair and the side exploded and the motor came flying out , narrowly missing my face . My ears rang from the `` pop '' noise .
 The blower dryer gets extremely hot and damages your hair if used blow wet hair dry . My hair has broken off . My co-worker sets to blow her hair out . She accidently dropped the hot blow dryer between her legs . She has 3rd degree burns . She said her skin melted from the heat of the dryer . Imagine if the blow dryer touched her face and melted the skin off ! I would not recommend this dryer .
 This is probably the worst hairdryer I have purchased in my 31 years of living . It is super heavy and does n't even blow hot air . I would not recommend and am super sad because I threw the box away and can not return it . Based on all the positive reviews , I thought I would love it , but I was VERY wrong .
 I got this dryer for Christmas last year , and I absolutley loved it ! I did n't find it too heavy . It was quiet , and my hair felt great after drying it . Only thing I did n't care for was how hot the attachments got after using . Other than that I loved this hair dryer.But dang it , in October I took it with me to Tahoe for a wedding , and the dang thing just quit working . I was soooo dissappointed . I had to use those cheapo hair dryers that the hotels put in . I 'm sorry but 9 months -LRB- maybe 3 days a week -RRB- of use and it dies !!!! What 's up with that ? If it had not died in such a critical moment , I would have given 5 stars .
 I purchased this hair dryer to replace my Super Solano that died after more than a decade . I loved the Solano , but I wanted to see if a significantly less expensive dryer would work as well . The good news is , it dries just fine . The bad news is that the concentrator attachment -LRB- there are three attachments - I use the narrow concentrator every day for straightening -RRB- is unnecessarily difficult to attach . For the first couple of months , it took a great deal of effort and force to get the concentrator nozzle attached . I had to twist and turn and manuever it every which way . Even when I managed to get it on , it was easy to knock it off during the course of drying my hair . I had to wait a minute or two to reattach it because the nozzle was too hot to handle . When it cooled down sufficiently , the twisting and turning began anew . When this happened numerous times during one attempt to dry my hair , it got pretty frustrating.As others have noted , the thin chrome finish of the dryer chips off very easily , particularly when using the attachments . After having owned this for about two months , the chrome is completely chipped off -LRB- the dryer has a matte black finish underneath the chrome -RRB- where the concentrator attaches . It does n't look great , but I do n't have to worry anymore about brushing chrome flakes off my clothes every morning.Over the past week , it 's gotten much easier to get the concentrator attached , and it 's less prone to fall off . I assume it just took a couple of months to `` stretch . `` Update 11/9/10
 This is the second Andis hair dryer I have had . The first was a gift and I loved it ! So when it broke after 8 months of 3xs a week use I did n't mind buying myself a new one . Then this one lasted less than 4 months ! Just up and stopped working mid drying one day - thank goodness I had a back-up ! I tried calling and emailing the customer service for Andis repeatedly and have been completely ignored ! I used to recommend this brand to everyone because the drying capabilities are amazing and the product feels sturdy - but now I would STEER CLEAR . My last conair was only $ 35 too and lasted for 8 years ! I would rather go with something reliable than Andis !
 This blowdryer completley stopped functioning within 6 months of purchase . I have tried everything . I did love the blowdryer when it function . Not happy customer .
 I am quite dissapointed in this hair dryer -- its making a loud noise , & I have only used it 3 times . Its also cumbersome & heavy & too large & the warm setting is far too hot ... its like hot.I am not a happy customer ...
 I thought this blow dryer worked great and I wish I could give it more stars . I was using it today and the power switch broke . It 's completely broken and now I have to throw the whole thing away . What a waste of money !
 This WAS a great hair dryer for a couple of months . I received the dryer in May and used it regularly for several months . In August I noticed that it just did n't feel hot any more . I pushed all the switches and button up and down , in and out several times to see if something was stuck but no luck , it just stopped blowing hot air.I immediately contacted Andis via email and asked what I should do about the malfunctioning dryer but as of now , 3 weeks later , no response from Andis . Bummer !
 This dryer is heavy and loud , I would not recommend it to anybody . I was in a hurry for a new dryer so I bought it at retail store for 59.00 . Sooooo not worth it . AND , the air is not hot at all . It blows cool air on the hot setting . Also , the buttons on the side turn the dryer off while drying . They were put in an awkward spot . HATE IT ! And no , I 'm not the one to sit and write reviews unless I feel very strongly about something . And this , I feel that everyone should know so they do n't waste their money like I did .
 This blow dryer looked awesome when I took it out of the box ... unfortunately , it went from loud , to louder , to ear-piercing in a matter of minutes and there was also a strange , high-pitched rattling noise ... almost like part of the coil was bouncing off the side . In any case it did NOT work out . I 'd purchased it for my mother-in-law for Christmas and had to scramble to find another in time when this one turned out to be busted . Disappointing .
 I got this blower dryer for Christmas after I had picked it out and had it on my wish list . I decided to make sure it worked before I threw away all the packaging . As soon as I turned it on there was a funny burning smell . I ran it for about 30 seconds on high and turned it off and smoke came out of the barrel . I waited about five minutes and tried it again , same thing happened .
 ** Review about BLACK CHROME version . ** It 's always a pain buying a new hair dryer -- you 're used to the one you had , annoyances and all , and it 's a crap shoot as to whether or not you 'll like the one you 've bought sight unseen -LRB- although you 've read the reviews and are hopeful -RRB- . I wanted to love this hair dryer , but overall I just did n't . The first thing I noticed is that it is HEAVY . Well , not a bag of flour heavy , but it certainly has a definite heft to it -LRB- heavier than I was used to , at least -RRB- and for someone who needs to spend a good 30 constant minutes holding it and moving it around ... it was heavier than I 'd prefer.The second thing I noticed is that the cord is REALLY long . I never gave much thought to cord length , but it is advertised as 10 feet and I 'm sure it is . I ca n't say as if I ever need a cord that long -- in all my years using a hair dryer , I think a 3 ' cord would be plenty.The third thing I noticed was that the attachments are metal -- which at first I thought was a bonus because it meant they would be sturdier . That said , since they are metal , they get HOT during use ! Surprise , I know , right ? Hee . But when you 're used to plastic and suddenly have metal and you forget and grab the end ... OUCH ! Also , the attachments were a bit of a pain to put on . I had to fight with one of them because it did n't seem to want to click on easily -LRB- or at least as easily as any dryer I 'd used before -RRB- . I did finally get it on , and thought `` Well , at least it will STAY on . '' Unfortunately , that was n't the case with the resin pick attachment , which , in addition to being super awkward to use , came flying off the end in about seven seconds . The other `` concentrator '' attachments were fine , but that pick one was useless.The fourth thing I noticed is that the button placement SUCKS . I managed to turn it off at least 10 times in the first two minutes of using it . SOOOOO frustrating . Just grabbing the handle to hold it would bump it to OFF . GRRRRR . I tried to be especially mindful of it for the rest of the usage period , and I did get better , but I still turned it off repeatedly.The fifth and final thing I noticed is that the hot is REALLY SUPER HOT . I mean , so hot that you do have to really be careful how long you point it at your scalp -- and I 'd NEVER use it on my hair without putting some form of styling protectant on it first.Taking everything into consideration , this was NOT the hair dryer for me . AT ALL . It was too heavy -LRB- minus one star -RRB- , had hard-to-attach and useless attachments -LRB- minus one star -RRB- , and had sucky button placement -LRB- minus one star -RRB- . It 's going back .
 I 've owned this dryer for around a month . I was excited as it 's a fairly light dryer with multiple settings . My first hint of a problem was having difficulty getting the attachments to stay on the nozzle . And then one day I put an attachment on when the nozzle was already hot - well , did n't that create a big dent in the shiny plastic ! It was totally melted ! I decided I could live with that because it was merely cosmetic , BUT over the past 10 days or so , the handle has become unbearably hot to hold if drying my hair or my daughter 's hair for more than 5 minutes ! I do n't know what is going on , but I 'm sending it back before it sparks or simply melts in my hand . I would stay away from this dryer !
 in less than 2 years with minimal usage by just one person , this blow dryer no longer works . Only blow cold air . What a rip off , i have another `` professional '' dryer that is 15 years old , still blowing hot and strong . DO not buy this one .
 I 'm amazed that people described this product as `` heavy '' . I find it incredibly light-weight and cheap . I was n't expecting much for the price , but even at the Friday sale price this feels overpriced . I 'd be stunned if it held up any time at all .
 When my inexpensive , but reliable blow dryer died after 4 years I purchased this one based on the number of positive reviews . But , as with any appliance , there 's bound to be a dud here and there and I guess I got it.After only a couple of uses , it would make a muffled rattling noise and shut off . Thankfully , Amazon makes returns easy . Not sure if I 'll chance this particular one again though .
 The dryer work really well ... the only problem is when turn on it very loud ... i mean very loud . . if you have a thick hair and used it in a long period . it 's can hurt your ear .
 I had an old scalpmaster that I loved but it was an older model they do n't make any more . I bought this brush to replace it with but this brush causes a lot of static build up . I do n't use this brush at all anymore and would not recommend this brush to my friends .
 The bristles on this brush are too close together and too soft to penetrate my hair . The scalpmaster brush I currently use is no longer made , unfortunately .
 Thought that I would love this product ... did for about 3 days then the main zipper broke ! Not worth the money I paid ! Very disappointed !
 I like this hairdryer . . when it works ! It has broken twice on me . . the first time it starting spitting out sparks so I sent it back . . they sent me a new one -LRB- of course I had to get a temporary one because it took a while to get it back -RRB- and now it only works on low , the high is broken . . I am going to throw it out and get a different brand . . Not impressed !!
 This hair dryer does not do its job at all . It has no power to it at all . I do not recommend it to anyone .
 I bought this in April , 2009 and it only lasted until December . In November , it started sputtering and revving . In December the heating element burned itself out . Not a very long-lived product .
 The size was great but after a week it stopped , glowed bright orange and never worked again . It could have just been a lemon so I exchanged for a new one .
 just not that into this scrub . i do love a good grainy scrub , so that it 's made from almond meal was n't a deterrent , but but there 's nothing remarkable about this product . it does n't spread at all , it just rolls out of your palms and off your face .
 I 'm not a hair dryer connoisseur , and I have 100 % curly hair and just wanted it to dry my hair before I flat iron it occasionally but it kinda leaves my hair frizzy and not smooth like it says ~ I can only compare it to my roommates Conair hair dryer that I seemed to get a better result with .
 I recieved this product yesterday and used it first thing this morning . I turned it on to high and the on/air flow button broke . It is stuck on high and just slides up and down . I had to un-plug it and re-plug it into the outlet to use it this morning . This is made cheaply and is junk , do not spend your money on this dryer .
 This item was a great price and I was very happy with it for the first few uses . It dries my hair in half the time that I was spending with a drugstore brand . Unfortunately , the tip of the nozzle is melting . It may be because it 's made out of lightweight plastic . Real bummer as I was so thrilled with its performance .
 Had this blow dryer for less then 2 weeks and it stopped blowing hot air . I got this dryer because I had another one from this maker and loved it . This model was a disappointment .
 This is a good blow dryer , but less then a year later it broke . I hardly ever write bad reviews , but my last blow dryer lasted me over 5 years.So I would recommend a blow dryer that cost a little more , because you 'll end up spending more money having to buy another one in a year .
 I gave this item as a Christmas gift . I do not have the original packaging or sales slip . I have always had great luck with my purchases from Amazon and this was a surprise , it wo n't work , we tried all the outlets to no avail sooooo what canI do ? I bought in November and I think time has expired ... PLEASE help Thank you ... Louise March
 I was happy with this dryer for about the first week , after which Low speed no longer worked and it was stuck on High all the time . It sounds like a few other reviewers have had this same issue . I would not recommend this product , and am going to buy the Helen of Troy Professional Ceramic Hair Dryer -LRB- which I 've used at my gym and works great , and seems to be a higher quality product -RRB- instead .
 I just bought this blowdryer a week ago , and I admit that it works great on my very frizzy hair ! The problem ? It broke the 2nd time I used it . The on/off button broke and so I ca n't turn it off . It 's stuck on high . Definitely not worth it !
 I bought this a little over a year ago , used it 5 to 6 times a week to dry my short hair , and kept the dust/lint trap clean regularly . Loved this dryer and it dried my hair quickly . However , after barely a year , suddenly it blew nothing hotter than luke-warm air . I put up with this for a couple of weeks until one day it blew only cold air . Very disappointing , as I 'd really liked everything else about this dryer . It 's now been replaced with a lesser but more dependable brand until I can find something comparable . Look elsewhere or expect a limited product lifespan .
 I was impressed with this hairdryer until it broke on me the fourth time using it ! I would advise you not to purchase this .
 It was not quiet and not fast . The supposed ionic function is a bunch of hooey . Fine , for the price I could just say , `` whatever . '' The ion thing was just a sales gimmick I fell for . Unfortunately , after a year of moderate use it suddenly developed a stench and then died in about 30 seconds . No , it was n't clogged with hair or anything like that .
 We ordered this as a Christmas gift on the recommendation of our stylist . She spoke highly of the product and manufacturer . However , upon opening , the dryer did not work on the High setting . We will need to return it .
 I recently purchased this blow dryer and flat iron at the same time for my own personal use . This came shortly after retiring my previously used items after four + years of use . While the flat iron is still working fine , the blow dryer quit working approximately 50 days after purchase . I am presently writing the manufacturer and will update this if I receive a response .
 Upon first use , this item did not blow hot air . On the low flow airflow setting , it blew vaguely warm . On the high airflow setting , it blew cold.When set to low heat , it did n't even pretend .
 I selected this purple barretes because it looked have color harmony and calmness . But I was disappointed its reality . Light blue stones break its balance and it looks a toy of kids .
 Broke after only 2 months of gentle use . Even cheapy drugstore variety dryers last longer than this ! Since Amazon wo n't exchange or replace even defective merchandise after 30 days post-purchase , you 're left on your own to resolve the issue .
 We were happy with this blow dryer until it totally broke one day after six months of regular use . Warranty requires YOU to pay shipping AND give them $ 10 to ship it back to you . Might as well buy a new one . Disappointing product unless you want a 6 month disposable .
 This is my 4th time buying this hairdryer over the years . I really LOVE it when it works , but it always dies , usually with a pop and a burst of smoke . This last time , it only lasted 3 months . Usually they last about a year . Ca n't return it to Amazon , but you can return it to manufacture and pay for it to be returned . Not worth it . Might as well buy a new one . I think I 've finally learned my lesson and will buy another brand .
 Hairdryer is not as quiet as claimed , easy to handle , buttons seem to be in the wrong place , since I continually turn dryer off accidentally while attempting to dry hair . Drying capabilities are good , I would give the item no more than a C -- have definitely had better hairdryers . Will most likely purchase another -- much quieter one and keep this as a back up!Not recommended if someone is concerned about noise levels .
 loved it at first , but then heating element decided to start going out . Hot then Cold and a pain when trying to dry hair
 I was disappointed with this hair dryer . I needed a quiet hair dryer so I would n't wake my family when I get ready early in the morning . While advertised as being quiet , it is no different than the regular hair dryers we have . Very disappointing .
 Oh my gosh . This hair dryer is so loud , my ears ring after using it . Also , the placement of the on/off switch is right where you grip with the tips of your fingers and you end up turning it off constantly if you hold it in the normal position .
 I am very disappointed with this product and really regret putting my money into it , and it is expensive for my budget . Color more like watercolor than anything else , get in the eyes and burn if you do n't wait for it to dry and FLAKES a lot . Never seen an eyeliner flaking that much . Get all over my face and in my eyes , which is a disaster if you wear contacts like I do . I really do not recommend it .
 It did not do anything for me . It is very expensive and I could not notice any positive result on my hair . I finished it very quickly as due to the lack of results I ended up using tons of product ... still no improvement at all ! I do not recommend this product .
 I just got out of the shower after using this hair mask . From the very beginning , the scent stung my nostrils , I expected a well-established brand such as Kerastase to smell much better . While the product did make my hair slightly softer , the effect is not much different than using a $ 3 Pantene conditioner . Overall totally not worth the price . If you look at the ingredients , the main ones were water , cetearyl alcohol , and glycerin , the primary ingredients of cheap soap . I 'm turning to something more natural . If you 're looking for a good natural hair mask , a mashed avocado and honey are great . But I am never buying this again for sure .
 I had high expectations after reading the reviews here , but I hate to say it , after using this product I am not impressed . It is a nice conditioner but did n't do anything spectacular ! My hair is chemically straightened -LRB- thermal reconditioning -RRB- and is very dry , so I am looking for a really good deep conditioner , unfortunately I did not find it in this product . I used this conditioner once and left it on for ten minutes in the shower . My hair really does not look or feel any different than any other deep conditioner I have ever used . The only difference is the horrible smell of this product , it wears off , thank goodness , but be warned it is not a nice smell ! There are plenty of other deep conditioners on the market that work just as well and smell ten times better !
 I hate to say it but I work in a salon that exclusively carries the line . The product line is constantly changing the line is prescriptive towards the needs of your hair . A simple strand test can answer that & can easily be giving at any salon that carries a contract with kerastase and has been educated on the products . The dates are listed because unfortunately the product expires in 6 months . Kerastase is HEAVEN but only when it 's still gold : -RRB-
 The packaging was fine but they sent the wrong product . I ordered the mask for fine hair and received the thick hair mask . I opened and used it before I realized it was the wrong item . Be sure to check your item before you use it ...
 all of the kerastase products r sooo awful ! expensive for nothing !!!! it made my hair fall off as soon as i applied it ! worst product ever
 I HAVE THIN AND DAMAGED HAIR AND AFTER I READ ALL THE REVIEWS I DECIDED TO EXPEND MY MONEY IN THIS PRODUCT THAT IS VERY EXPENSIVE . AFTER USING IT FOR ABOUT 2 WEEKS MY HAIR IS WORSE THAN EVER , MY HAIR ENDS ARE CRUNCHY AND VERY DRY . I APPRECIATE IF SOME OF THE WRITERS OF THESE FABULOUS REVIEWS COULD GIVE ME SOME TIPS , BECAUSE I FOLLOWED THE PRODUCT INSTRUCTIONS WITH NO LUCK .
 i bought it for my sister & she loved it but when i used it for my self & also with my girls it was n't good
 This thing is nothing more than a for the moment hair conditioner . Just like any other hair conditioner that you rinse out . It does what other conditioners do , . . makes your hair very soft and it leaves it feeling healthy . For that day . It doesn nothing to repair damaged hair . My hair was the same condition the next day after my shampoo . I did not expect it to be repaired perfectly , . . but it was like I never used this product . If Im spending this kind of money on a conditioner , . I expect results .
 I did a lot of research before deciding to buy this product and read a lot of reviews by other people.The reviews seemed very 50/50 . Either the conditioner worked great for some or worked only as well as any regular conditioner for others . It was my experience that this conditioner had no wonderful results that were above and beyond regular conditioner . It works well as a daily conditioner for my hair but it way to expensive to be used daily .
 I recently heard about `` ionic technology '' as it relates to hair dryers and how it cuts down on drying time dramatically , while producing shinier , smoother locks . I was definitely interested and was surprised to see the number of different models available . I selected the Gold N Hot Professional Turbo Boost Ionic Hair Dryer.I dried my hair as usual and it did not dry any faster with this dryer than with a conventional dryer . My hair was not smoother or softer . Still wanting to believe the hype , I tried it on my two daughters ' hair . Faster drying time ? Nope . Smoother , shinier hair ? Ha ha ha.I gave this product two stars because it IS a nice hair dryer . It is completely covered in some sort of rubber/foam material , which means the end never gets hot to the touch . It is relatively quiet and not too heavy . BUT ... that 's not why I bought it . I wanted the benefits of ionic technology , which it did not deliver .
 My old gold-n-hot dryer broke and i bought this model as a replacement since they no longer make the model i like . The speed and heat settings were fine however i was displeased with the adjustable attachment . It would not stay in place and pulled my hair out . While i was 1/4 through drying my hair , it fell off and would not attach again . I had to dry my hair with a comb which made my hair very frizzy . Needless to say , i had a very bad hair week . This dryer does not take universal attachments so now its useless to me .
 I bought this blowdryer and I hadnt used it because I had been going to the hairdresser 's to get my hair done . The one day I decide to wash and blow dry my hair-this blow dryers attachments came apart . It is very awkward to use unless you have someone doing your hair . I started blowdrying my hair and pieces of the attachment came apart leaving me to go and purchase another hair dryer .
 This product does not heat up very well . Does not straighten wet hair . Not worth the price . Got a better deal at Wal-mart .
 This flt iron is a complete overpriced loss to me!There is no setting to adjust the heat , only two preset levels , and neither level gets hot enough to straighten my hair -LRB- and my hair is only 2-3 inches long -RRB- .
 We bought that trimmer to replace 5-year-old Norelco model which recently broke down . We thought that Vidal Sasson is a well known brand in hair-care business - we were very wrong.The trimmer came in broken . Did n't want to charge correctly . But even if used with a power cord the quality of cut was far from good . The blades were n't sharp enough and were pulling hair out while cutting . Also hair got stuck underneath the blades and required cleaning after each cut.My old trimmer was far more superior then this new model . I managed to have it fixed and I 'm still using it - Vidal Sasson went straight to garbage .
 With a loud `` click '' these clippers just stopped working , and in the middle of the third haircut they 'd been used on . Needless to say , this was a false economy purchase , since it cost $ 25 to get the bad haircut fixed . These clippers are a total piece of junk ... and are now part of a landfill somewhere .
 This product leaves my hair sticky and stiff . Once I blow dry it the stiffness is less , but there is no softness to my hair . In fact , it does n't really prevent frizz all that well . You will need a separate detangler because it makes your hair next to impossible to comb through if you spray it on and do n't blow dry it right away . Just buy something else . For reference , I have straight , thin hair .
 When I read the reviews on this item , I kind of ignored the comments people left about making your hair staticky , thinking the reviewers must just have dry hair . However , because of the velvet it really does make your hair staticky ! Sometimes it will be a little staticky as I do my hair then I tame it , but later in the day half my head of hair will be standing up ! I always have to bring a hair tie with me to work because I end up putting it up over the lunch hour.It 's annoying , so I would recommend getting a different straightener .
 Jilbere is made by Conair - along with MANY other products -LRB- check the labels -RRB- . CONAIR PRODUCES SHODDY PRODUCTS AND HAS LOUSY CUSTOMER SERVICE .
 I just got this Iron yesterdayAnd it burnt my hair!I always used a CHI , colirios and EliteThis iron always made my hair nice a silky healthy looking hairAnd this one destroyed my nice hair !! For 10 dollar more I just got a REAL CHI .
 This is the worst straightener I have ever used , I hate it so much ! Every time I straighten my hair I just want to throw it across the room . I 'm only using it because my friend let me borrow it while I replace my other one that broke about a month ago ... ugh . < 3
 This flat iron is not worth the money . It gave out on me quickly . I replaced it with one from Walmart which I 've had ever since .
 This is my first flat iron , it is a nice size , made well , BUT the dial is in the inside of the flat iron not the outside , so it is very hard to see the numbers of the temp . Now I wish I had bought a digital one !
 I got this straight out of the box new and it did n't work . I tried plugging it into different sockets -LRB- which I knew worked , anyway -RRB- and changing the settings . Really not made well ! Had to return it !
 I had a CHI flatiron that suffered a dunk in the toilet from my children : = -RRB- I thought I would trim $ 30 from my purchase and go with this one and there is no comparison between the two . My ends are so split up and ruined after using this product for nearly 6 months that it is ridiculous ! It constantly pulls and catches my hair , which is painful and terribly uncomfortable . It also `` crimps '' when you turn it to tight , whereas the CHI would always leave a nice curl no matter what!I have only given it this long so that I could ensure that it was n't `` seasonal '' dry hair , or elements , etc. . This product just plain STINKS ! Spend the extra $ 30 and get yourself a CHI -- you wo n't be disappointed !
 I was excited when I bought this . I read a lot of reviews and thought this would be a great buy but I was extremely disappointed . My whole room stunk like awful chemicals every time i used this flat iron . Definitely do not buy . You 'll regret it just like I did .
 I have bought several flat iron in past within price range of about $ 20 - $ 25 . They all worked fine nothing too special about it . The only thing was that my hairs look dry and bristle every time after used . My hairs are coarse and thick so I was looking for something that does n't give my hairs that dry unhealthy look . I was willing to spend more but not at CHI price range . My flat iron also broke finally , so I had to purchase one quickly . Let 's just say that it does n't work that much better then a $ 20 one that I bought from the store . It serves the purpose but I would n't buy the same thing if it broke .
 I got this to use at work to touch up when commuting on my bike . Thus I did n't want to spend a lot . I normally use a GVP for $ 60 which works great . This cheaper one grabs my hair unless I am very careful and grab very small portions at a time . Also it does n't seem to close all the way and makes my hair have a lot of static . If I were n't only using it once in a while just to touch up I would send it back . Spend a little more and get the GVP which I think is as good as the Chi 's I have used .
 I purchased this item the middle of May . It is now Oct. 1st and it wo n't heat up anymore ! Product should last longer than 5 months !!
 The main issues I have with this iron is that it gets incredibly hot on the outside felt area -LRB- near the ceramic tongs -RRB- , and that in combination with the problem that the hand clamp -LRB- when used as intended , with your hands on the half of the iron near the cord -RRB- does not entirely depress the tips of the ceramic iron together means you have to clamp down further up on the iron -LRB- using the felt area -RRB- in order to get it to properly depress all the way . Since the iron is poor at keeping the heat only in the ceramic iron part of the tool , you 're probably going to be getting your hand burnt if you really want to use this tool effectively.To me that is a fundamental failure in the design of this iron and I ca n't recommend it at any price .
 My daughter has very thick , long hair . Yes , the iron heats quickly . But my daughters hair took so long to straighten and about time I was done , she was upset and I was left with an aching arms and burns on my fingers . I think the old fashioned heat on the stove top iron will work best for my child . She has that biracial hair - half afro american , half white - so it 's very thick , curly and long .
 I bought this straightener because I wanted a skinny straightener to get closer to the scalp . However , while it is not a horrible product , I have a 15 dollar vidal sassoon one that works much better . I would suggest either buying the really expensive ones or just sticking with one bought at the store . This is n't any better than those .
 so i will admit it did straighten my hair but i know for a fact that even tho it said it gets up to 400 and sumthin degrees mine sure didnt . the heat was not consistant and it got extra hot everywhere else besides the plates . and this iron does nothing for your hair i mean it was the products that i used that really pulled me through . this iron alone makes your hair limp , lifeless . and it causes damage . there are much better flat irons out there that are designed to help your hair not hurt it . and after 1 year of use . it started smelling like it was burning . like my hair wasnt burning . . the flat iron was . my mother advised me to stop using it immediatly . so yea . . it works but its not the best . so if your looking for something that will just get you by this is it . im getting a Solia .
 I liked the design of this Illustrator a lot in the beginning and I was impressed that he has structured for the temperature but it is not often hot and the temperature is very reasonable and can anyone even had a small incurred , so it does not work only for women with fine hair only
 I ordered this flat iron because of the great reviews I read . However , like some reviews have stated , it pulls your hair , the metal pieces do not shut all the way which means you can not straighten a few strands of hair , the velvet does get extremely hot so can not place your fingers on those to close , and the quality is just awful . It feels super cheap . I 'm returning this going back to my old Remington .
 This product didnt get hot enough to straighten my hair very well . I probably wouldnt buy it again , but I didnt have any trouble recieving the product . The quality of the product is just not very good .
 Do not reccommend . The heat control is in the inside handle which makes it impossible to read . Do not like the fabric velvet like handle .
 I bought this , my first straightener , with the intent of making flat iron curls . I saw videos on YouTube and thought I could do it . The description of this product does NOT indicate that the barrel is covered in a velvet/felt like substance !! It is not smooth !! If you wrap your hair around and try to pull the iron , your hair will hesitate on the velvet and burn or create kinks . My hair is already straight and now this is a complete waste of money for me . Does anyone want to buy it for 10.00 ? I guess it 's just good for straightening .
 I can not say enough as to why I HATE this straightner . It is the worst one I have ever used . I have naturally curly hair and it does n't even touch it at all . I have it on the highest setting and still nothing . My daughter who onl has wavy hair is not empressed at all . It is VERY cheaply made and if I still had the box I would return the product . I am NOT HAPPY AT ALL with this product ...
 I have a lot of hair , but it is baby fine with very little volume . I purchased this iron because it had received so many 5 star reviews . While the iron heats up quickly , my hair seems to wave in every direction and become very static-y . Also , my hair gets snagged and pulled out by this iron at almost every pass . I bought this one to replace my old one , which was curved but becoming discolored and smelling like burning . I have had to just go back to using my old one because I just do n't like this new one . I wish I could return it .
 Not sure if the flat iron that I received was defective , however , a week after receiving this it started making a weird static sound once it was turned on . Not something you want to hear from an electrical appliance ! It would also heat inconsistently . Item was return to Amazon !
 I do n't care for this Flat Iron . I have coarse , colored hair that is very tough and usually sustains heat just fine ... With that in mind , I cranked up the temp on this iron and fried a nice chunk off the front of my bangs . LOVELY . I like HOT irons , like the one my stylist uses at the Salon , however that is a much gentler heat , assuming because it is a higher quality iron . Next time I will research this out more prior to purchasing . Granted this was not all that expensive . I would NOT recommend this iron if you have fine or brittle hair as I believe it would do much irreversible damage .
 I really did n't care for this product , it did n't do what others have said . it did n't slide as easy and caused lots of fly away hair . Would not buy this product at all
 on me , this is boring , fading very quickly and never very interesting . Recommend sampling this before buying . it is so complex , probably different on everyone .
 I am usually quite pleased with Biosilk products , but not this time ... again ! This product is actually greasy and does n't do what I expected it to do ... hated it !
 I only took it for 1 month and saw no improvement . I know that it says to take for 3 months . At $ 50 a month that is $ 150 . If everyone who tries it pays $ 150 that is a good profit for Viviscal . It does n't need to work , they made their money and will keep making money from new people trying it for 3 months .
 I have used one box and ordered the 2nd one because it states it takes 6 weeks to see improvement ... however after 4 weeks I have seen no improvement . I will use the 2nd box but if I see no improvement , I will not buy any more . It 's very expensive so I thought maybe it would work , but it does n't seem to be working .
 i started taking product 1 month ago and my hair has not shown any signs of improving yet ... i 'm going to continue thru the 2 month supply i bought and hopefully it will start working . . maybe i 'm just being a little impatient ... any input ?
 I did n't realize when I ordered a month supply that I would have to use Viviscal for six months before seeing results . That would make a large investment of time and money without any guarantee of results . Also , the instructions recommend to take it twice a day , so you have to remember to take it again after dinner . I , for one , sometimes forgets that second pill ! Only use if you are prepared to make that commitment . Joyce4
 I 've been taking 2 pills a day for the last 4 weeks . Not sure if that is n't enough time to see a difference , but i 've seen none .
 I tired this product and after 25 tablets broke out in a red itchy rash on my neck and chest . I tried benedrel and cortisone creams but after a couple more pills it worsened and I broke out in large red blotches on my face and neck . I called the manufacturer and they say that if you have an allergy to any seafood you should n't take it . I am allergic to clams . Also there is sulfur in it which I am allergic to also . So , beware , proper packaging with warnings should be included with this product .
 I was excited about viviscal extra strength . Have been using it since January 2012 . The first 3 months i was taking 2 pills a day . One in the morning and 1 in the evening . After March , I start taking 1 pill a day . I ca n't even find the words to express my disappointment - my hair is exactly the same now in December as it wa in January :-LRB- Very disappointing ... I am not sure if I received the real pills or some fake ones but I have no results at all .
 The rating was chosen only because I had an allergic reaction to the pills . I 'd read and heard many wonderful things regarding this product . Even Cynthia Nixon , of Sex In The City , when interviewed on TV , remarked how this product helps so much to re-grow her hair after a starring role on Braodway required her to have a &#34; clean shaven head &#34; . The Seller was very understanding when I explained and kindly refunded my entire purchase price . Thank you !
 After going through a several months of undue hair loss , I decided to try Viviscal after reading about it in a magazine editorial . I used to be horified after washing my hair because it seemed like my hands were just coated with loose hair . I was either turning into a werewolf , or suffering from the dreaded mid-life hair loss crisis . I dedcided to give Viviscal a try because I thought , if nothing else , it might just help , and maybe make my thin splitting fingernails better , too . Well , after 4 months of twice-daily use , I MAY see a very minor improvement in the hair loss situation , and no noticible change in my week nails . I gaved the product 3-stars because , frankly , the jury is still out , and I fully intend to give it the entire 6-month test . Even a small improvement would make me happy , and I do believe I 'm seeing some change for the better in the overall condition my hair . UPDATE January 2011 ... I stopped using this expensive product because I saw absolutely no results . With all the hype , I was really hoping for even a little improvement in my hair loss situation , but , sadly , I 've decided to look elsewhere , and downgraded my rating to one star . Save you money ...
 I was using it may be for 8 month or may be even longer . Pretty faithful , ah ? ZERO result ! NOTHING ! Totally waisted money !
 To be honest I have PCOS so perhaps this product will work for a person without underlying medical issues.I found no change in my hair at all . Writing this so that any other women with pcos does n't waste her moneyIt caused my cystic acne to become worse . I now see its a common side effect . So if you suffer from acne think twice ...
 I know better than to watch a TV commercial and buy something a TV star is selling . But I did it . I was concerned about loosing hair . It did n't work .
 I 've been taking this product on a regular basis for almost 9 months . I 've noticed my nails growing faster but there is little or no sign of my hair improving . So I give it two stars
 I used this faithfully for ten months . My hair has been thinning a little for 2 years . I did not really notice any thicker hair , possibly a little ???? but not much if at all .
 I used this way back when it was first introduced on the market and the results were fantastic . The box was black with gold dots throughout . My hair grew so much I had to make frequent hair appts to keep it trimmed and maintained . Now they have this supposedly Extra Strength forumla and I do n't think it 's up to par . I have n't seen any results and I 'm entering my 7th month next month . I do n't even see an improvement in my finger nails like I did with the original forumla . Personally I think they 've debased the forumla . Most companies do that anyway . When a product is good and the sales are producing great profits , the company becomes greedy and starts to use inferior products but jack the price up . I think the hayday of Viviscal is over . I have also noticed they do not advertise the product the way they use to . They use to advertise it as increasing hair growth -LRB- which it did -RRB- now they simply advertise it for thinning hair . I 'm like what ???? That was my first indicator that something had been taken out . What ashame !
 My typical hair growth is about 3/4 inch a month.There was no actual growth as far as length goes , but I did notice that my hair was much , much more fuller . I was dissapointed with the product .
 Maybe it 's too soon to tell but I 've noticed no changes and must say it does n't work as well as advertised . Really too bad for such an expensive product .
 When I ordered the product I was a bit leery of the price . They said it was in stock . After waiting several weeks there was no message regarding shipment date , so I emailed the company from the page . I then got a reply saying they were out of stock and would refund my credit card . They should have known they did n't have the product and should have alerted me when they received my order or shortly thereafter .
 It will give you a rash . DO NOT BUY IT ! I only took two pills and the next day I had a really bad itchy rash on my neck and ears . I did n't change anything in my daily routine except for the viviscal pills . And then when I tried to return them they did n't let me . Which I understand because it says they do n't do returns on open products but they should have warned the buyers that it causes rashes . And I 'm not the only one . If you type into google `` viviscal gives rashes '' you 'll be surprised at how many people had the same reaction some even worse . My skin is very clear so it was very noticeable the very next day . SAVE YOUR MONEY ! P.s besides the actual product being horrible , the delivery was on time lol ^ . ~
 Directions are very confusing . Box says one thing , insert says another . Still have not started on these till I figure it out .
 Now it hard right now because I just started the product I will say that I use this a few years back and it work pretty good.Its really the same as Nourkrin tables ... You should ask for my ratings in about a month . . So right now it only gets 2-stars to early to tell
 Viviscal tablets area complete waste of hard earned cash . I suspect they are nothing more than Brewers Yeast tablets , they smell , taste and look exactly the same . I saw no improvement in my hair growth or thickness at all . Jennie Bond professes to take Viviscal and says she now has luxurious locks - well I do n't believe that because if you watch her on Cash in the Attic on TV you can see from certain camera shots that her hair is very thin and is back combed and bouffed up to try and disguise her thinning crown . Do yourself a favour and keep your money in your purseElaine - Cheshire
 My skin is usually not very sensitive , but after using this product it started breaking out so I stopped using it immediately
 This made my dry skin MORE apparent , even after using a regular moisturizer beforehand . It made my face shiny and seemed to just sit on the surface of my skin rather than absorb into it . The tint made my skin look flaky and clumped dead skin together . Gross . Never again .
 I decided to try this foundation that had mixed reviews . I was not impressed . It 's so sheer that it provided little coverage for me . I have a red undertone to my skin and this did not tone that down so I was still very pink looking . Would not purchase again .
 sticky , glue type product . Used it and did not notice any difference on my skin .
 Geeze , I have no idea how many pocket mirrors I have had but it 's been quite a few . This one was a very big disappointmet . It was the most that I had ever spent . Within a few weeks , the mirror fell out then the hinge failed . I should have complained but I let it go .
 Maybe because its 2 main ingredients are water and alcohol , this gel leaves my naturally wavy hair helplessly frizzy . In the beginning I thought I was not using enough product so I slathered up on my hair section by section . It left my hair stiff like any other hair gel would . If I have to pay $ 22 , I expect the product to work much better than my $ 3 Herbal Essence Totally Twisted Gel . This Ouidad gel is a disappointment . It does n't do any `` quenching '' thing and it does n't even define curls as well as a drugstore product . I get much better result with the Totally Twisted Gel with less amount of gel . I 'm giving it 2 stars because it does n't make my hair any worse . It just does n't do anything for my hair .
 I started using this product about a month ago . I have curly hair , that had been in pretty good shape with the products I was using before . Someone gave me this product as a gift , and I have to say my hair has never been in worse condition . It 's so dry . It looks great , but if you touch it it feels like straw . You should not put alcohol-based products in curly hair , ever . If you want something that really works , use Khiel 's cream with Silk Groom and a sulfate free shampoo and conditioner .
 I saw the advertisements with Courtney Cox and -LRB- being a huge Friends fan -RRB- thought it must be fabulous ... unfortunately it did n't do anything for me . I could n't tell a bit of difference . I think that my fine line issue turned out to be more of a moisture problem though , because when I found a good moisturizer the fine lines let up ... A LOT ! The only problem is I do still have some baggage and I 'd love to find something for that ... I had so hoped this would have been it ... but too bad it was n't
 I am 46 with fair skin , and I really wanted this product to work for me . For the $ 75 I spent in early July at Sephora , I was told that for my dark under-eye circles , this was the best product there is to reduce or even eliminate them . I have religiously used it nightly since early July but sadly , I have not noticed even a slight difference in the darkness under my eyes . I am glad it works for some people but perplexed as to why it has n't worked for me . I will continue to use the rest of the tube , but am not hopeful at this point .
 I 've been trying to find something to help with the first signs of aging ... . this is not it . I have not seen a bit of difference and have been using this product religiously day/night with my skin care regemine for over a month . Save your money , or spend it on something better .
 While I have been very pleased with the Kinerase product I have used in the past , bought through a different source , the tube I was sent from a company using Amazon to distributue was unusable and I am hoping to receive a full refund . The creme had separated into oil that had turned rancid and the rest comes out in little chunks.Kinerase 0.125 % N6-furfuryladenine Under Eye Rescue -LRB- 20g -RRB- 0.7 Ounce
 I 've been using the Kinerase facial cream for many years and really love it , so when I started seeing fine lines under my eyes , I thought I 'd try their `` eye rescue . '' What a disappointment . This creme did absolutely nothing . It 's just an overpriced moisturizer that did NOT deliver on it 's claim of improving fine lines and puffiness . I should have saved the $ 75 I spent and just used the regular face cream under my eyes instead . For that matter , a cheap bottle of hand lotion would have produced the same results -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- . Do n't believe the hype . Save your money !
 I have naturally curly hair and am always looking for shampoos designed for curly hair . I decided to try Ouidad PlayCurl because I 'd had good results with Ouidad Water Works . Unfortunately , I did n't see anything special with PlayCurl . I get similar , or better , results using Paul Mitchell shampoos , which are much cheaper .
 Products purchased
 RAMY Blush in 2 ShadesA big disappointment . I have medium skin color and the shade I chose was the Alive . It was not at all visable , actually seemed to match my skin tone . I gave it to my fair skinned daughter , and it did not not even show up on her . Since thrown away , it was just a waste of money .
 This product did not make my hair curl up and it made it very dry . I honestly do n't know who would benefit from this . My hair is wavy and it 's supposed to be for wavy hair . I would n't use it unless your hair was very healthy . It is very drying .
 I bought this to replace my Chi while I was living in Europe -LRB- the Chi does n't come in 220v -RRB- . It is as good -LRB- or bad -RRB- as any El Cheapo straightening iron you can pick up at Target . As many reviewers have noted , it tends to burn your hands as you iron . Worse still , you ca n't use any protective product -LRB- I used the Schwarzkopf Osis Flatliner Iron Serum and Toni and Guy 's Iron-It Heat Defense Spray with my Chi with no such difficulty -RRB- - because it literally `` fries '' your hair , stinks terribly , and leaves gunky residue on the plates . Also , I found that I had to run the iron over my hair several times -LRB- my hair is wavy/curly , not coarse -RRB- in order to get it as straight and sleek as my old Chi.Save your $ 120 - you could get 1 T3 , 1.5 Chi 's , or 5 Conairs that would do a much better job than the Sedu .
 If you do n't get the pun in my review , you should The sedu flat iron is not worth the money at all . -LRB- ... -RRB- -LRB- ... -RRB- , the sedu flat iron is not worth the money . It is your basic made-in-china flat iron . Expensive flat irons are made in Korea -LRB- better heating , quality overall -RRB- so bottom line , this flat iron will break on you within a year max . Some things I found that I just did n't like about it was that it got way too hot around the exterior . So hot that infact , it 's almost hard to touch sometimes . Also , the flat iron does n't have plate springs like with the CHI or T3 . This means that you ca n't apply as much pressure and if you do it rips your hair out . -LRB- ... -RRB- , the `` as seen in allure '' is a joke . They PAID for some small advertisement in the back of Allure magazine !! It was NEVER featured in Allure ! -LRB- this one makes me laugh -RRB- . They try to deceive customers by making them think Allure actually thought it was a good product , in which it has never been featured in the actual editorials of Allure . -LRB- ... -RRB- , there are rumors the sedu ceramic flat iron is used by Jennifer Aniston and Jennifer Lopez . This is simply not true . Jennifer Aniston 's hairstylist , Chris McMillan does regular editorials for Allure magazine and he said he only uses the T3 Tourmaline Flat Iron.The sedu flat iron is a joke and is NOT used by any top professionals or stylists . They are just trying to deceive you to buy their products . It 's really sad when you see it from a bigger picture that Sedu is trying to link itself with a celebrity who does n't even use their product !
 I was very happy with mine , but it broke right after the one year warranty expired . One day it was working , and the next , when I plugged it in , nothing happened . I 've never abused it , was always very careful when I handled it , and always followed the manufacturer 's instructions . A big disappointment !
 The iron worked well the first few months that I had it . But maybe after 9months or so I noticed that it just did n't seem to work as well . I thought it was my imagination or that maybe i needed to work smaller sections of hair at a time . But after about 9 months i was using the highest heat setting and tiny sections of hair - and it still is n't doing the job . My hair stylist used her Chi on my hair recently and I remembered what an iron is supposed to work like . I would not recommend the Sedu .
 I loved my SEDU while it was working but one day it just stopped ... When you pay $ 125 for a straightner you expect it should last a least a year . I had fabulous results my hair was very straight and shiny but not worth the money i paid for it when it broke after 6 months . I had read the reviews before i purchased it so i knew it could break easily so i make sure to take extra good care of it . Apparently it did n't matter ... . They need to make a more durable product ...
 When it works , this does work well but they die out pretty soon . I have bought two of these flat irons and both of them died out within a year . Same problem with the cord that other users have been reporting . For something that costs $ 115 , you think we would get a much more sturdier product . Yes and it does get very hot on the outside . So be sure to stay away from the area where the plates are .
 Am I unreasonable to want my flat iron that is used 2-3 times/week and cost $ 100 + to last 5 years?When I first got my Sedu it worked GREAT and I told all my friends about it . Within 14 months , it stopped working and Folica sent me a new item under the original 2 year warranty in Sept 2007 . As of March , 2010 , I am having cord problems like many others have complained about.I do n't think that an appliance costing $ 100 + should last only 2-3 years . I have curling irons by Conair from high school that are more than 10 years old and still kicking . I was told -LRB- quote -RRB- `` honestly , all the brands that we sell last about 2 years , chi 's , sedus , solias , all of them . '' -LRB- end quote -RRB- by the very nice Folica rep I spoke with.That 's a problem for me ! Fix this problem and stand behind your product , Sedu ! The cord should be the easy part ! My next flat iron will be a Babyliss because they offer a four year warranty.Folica offered me a discount on a replacement item.It is a shame to throw away something that still works , but for a faulty connection . Did I mention that it straightens wonderfully ?
 Let me start off by saying that I own a very well established salon so using a flat iron is second nature to me . I 've used them all , literally , from Hot Tools to T3 and everything in between , just because I have a never ending curiousity for the best.Well , after reading alot of reviews , I decided to purchase the sedu . I found alot of good and bad reviews , mostly good , some bad . To my disappointment , I got the flat iron and found it to be nothing special . Everyone claims it was a miracle worker but in truth , I do n't think it did anything different than the chi or t3 , and I felt it was MUCH lesser quality than both . Can someone tell me what they think is so unique about this flat iron and why people are acting like it 's the greatest invention ever?Here are some points which I did n't like :1 . The exterior is really hot . Do n't even try touching it at all unless third degree burns sounds like fun to you . As a stylist , the sedu flat iron is no use to me whatsoever . I need to be able to hold the plates to distribute even heat . The ceramic is extremely thin -LRB- probably to make it lighter weight -RRB- but they sacrificed quality on it . No matter how thin it is , if you ca n't hold it , what use is it ? 2 . The plates have no springs in them !! Springs under the plates gives it the cushion to `` slide '' through hair . It 's obviously a feature sedu did n't want to spend money on and it really damaged my hair and started to break it because of the friction it created .3 . The sedu is not worth the price . I would pay no more than $ 50 for this .4 . Again , nothing stands out about this flat iron . It 's like any other low end flat iron - conair , hot tools , etc. 5 . The sedu flat iron copied t3 's tourmaline technology . Who wants something that was copied by another company -LRB- and made of lesser quality ? -RRB- In conclusion , I 'm sticking with the T3 Tourmaline Flat Iron and returning the sedu flat iron as soon as I finish writing this review .
 I bought this for my wife 8 months ago . She really liked using this iron , and had no problems with it until recently . She too now has the problem with the cord , which has developed some kind of a short in it . Read the other reviews and notice this trend happening from 6 months to 2-1/2 years . She did n't use it everyday -LRB- small kids to take care of -RRB- , so being generous , it probably got used MAYBE 3 days a week according to her . She NEVER dropped it as she knew it could break the ceramic tiles and used additional care when using it.When she contacted Folica 's customer service number , for some reason she got a `` salesperson '' , who said a customer service person would call her back within 24 hours . 5 Days later when my wife called back , they were rude , and said they were out of stock for the next 2 months , and that she needed to return the iron PLUS $ 9.95 for return shipping , and they would ship a new one out when they become available . Two problems with this :1 -RRB- Amazon claims they are in stock right now -LRB- maybe lags on their website , or maybe they were just lying -RRB- 2 -RRB- Shipping on a NEW unit is $ 5.00 , so why the $ 9.95 for return shipping?Given the lack of customer service , we 'll be purchasing a different unit . We bought this one based on the positive reviews here , but apparently should have read more about the common cord problems . Also , seeing as how this is marketed as a `` professional '' product -LRB- with price to match -RRB- , the `` professional '' thing for customer service to do would be to offer to send her a different iron of equal or greater value for a replacement , given that they say they 're out of stock on the current unit .
 I purchased the Sedu Ionic Ceramic Flat Iron from Folica less than a year ago . It worked well although , candidly , I 'm not entirely sure it worked $ 100 better than the 2 '' Conair straightening iron I bought from Target while still a starving college student . Still , it heated quickly , straightened well , and my hair did seem silkier when I was done ... so , for the first six months , my overall impression was that the iron did its job , and did it well.Until it quit working . There is a lever on the inside that allows the twin irons to clamp together and mine apparently broke because the irons would n't clamp . I called Folica and was told to send back the iron with a $ 12 check for their shipping fees and they would repair/replace it.So , eight months after buying the iron , the cost had just increased $ 25 -LRB- my shipping to Folica , their shipping back -RRB- and I 'd been without the iron for two months while I shipped it to Folica , waited for them to `` repair '' or `` replace '' it , and then ship it back.But the story does not end there . No . Imagine my surprise when , after getting the `` replaced '' iron from Folica , I plugged it in and IT DID N'T WORK . Not even once . That 's right , Folica shipped what was likely a refurbished iron without disclosing it and , worse , without even quality testing it to ensure the new iron worked.Wash , rinse , repeat . I called Folica , was put on hold for ten minutes , and , unbelievably , the chipper young woman on the phone told me to send back the faulty iron , at my expense , with another check for $ 12 . This time I objected , was transferred to a supervisor , was told to call another number Monday . Guess what happened on Monday ? The other department was unable to assist.I 'm back to using my Conair . I do n't think I 've given up on Sedu entirely , but I certainly will never buy another product from Folica .
 I 've only had this iron for about 3-4 months and it has already started giving me problems . It 's fine as long as it works . I travel a lot so maybe thats what caused it , however , I expected something i paid 130 bucks for to last a little while longer . Now , every time i turn it on , I have to spend 20 minutes to put it in the exact position where it will actually stay turned on . Once it gets hot , and I start straightening my hair , it usually turns off -LRB- yes even if its turned on -RRB- , so I have to continuously watch in the mirror to make sure the little green light is on.There was so much hype about this iron when I first got it so thats why I picked this one over the CHI . But come on for an arm and a leg , ca n't a girl get an iron that will actually WORK !
 This iron does a good job straightening hair with minimal hair damage . However , after one -LRB- 1 -RRB- year , the iron was n't getting consistent power because the swivel cord connection would n't hold . Now it has stopped working altogether . I never dropped it ; it appears to be a problem with the design . For this reason , I ca n't recommend it .
 I bought this item for my wife exactly four months ago -LRB- 9-15-06 -RRB- and she said it was working well for most of the four months . She had concerns because the electrical cord which attachs to the unit rotates and when it rotated to certain angles , the heat would turn off -LRB- as indicated by the green light which is either off , flickers or solid -RRB- . As she used it , the problem became more and more frequent . Now , the unit will not work unless it is at one point and at a certain angle -LRB- which I guess allows electricity to go to the unit -RRB- . I tried taping it to that location but the cord also has to stay at that certain angle which is impossible to maintain when using the iron . This is not very good for such an expensive item which gets alot of twisting and turning use and should have the highest materials and workmanship to prevent electrical . My wife admits that like anyone the unit has been dropped , but that should not cause an electrical cord problem . Dropping the iron risks breaking the two flat iron ceramic plates , which are still perfectly intact . The problem is that because of the cord , and the way a flat iron is used , there is alot of cord twisting . For what is advertised as a `` professional '' device and at a cost which only a professional would normally purchase , we can not believe that this could be used in a `` professional '' environment . My wife only uses it six or seven times a week , not six or seven times a day like in a salon . We highly recommend that you STAY AWAY from this product .
 After 31/2 years , I finally had to retire my trusty Chi . I did plenty of research and after all the rave reviews , decided to try something new and purchased the Sedu . It worked great ... for about 6 weeks ! It does n't heat anymore , and I 've never once dropped it . It came as quite a shock to me , considering the amount of money spent on the item ! Hopefully it was just a fluke . There is a warranty , so I am hoping there wo n't be any problems with getting a new one . Wish me luck !
 So disappointed to see that this file was made in China . It is not nearly as good as the old U.S.A made file . Shame .
 This replacement product did not work with my Zeno device and , believe that it actually broke the device since it stopped working -LRB- i.e. would n't even charge -RRB- after I swapped the cartrige . I suspect that the replacement was probably used and somehow reset my device such that I ca n't use it anymore . I would caution against buying replacements over the internet .
 I really wanted to love this product . The description and science behind Crealine seemed perfect for my sensitive skin . -LRB- And the idea of it -- washing your face without water ?! So bohemian ! -RRB- Unfortunately , my face was covered with tiny , dry , and itchy bumps the day after the first use . I stuck with the product for about 1 week , only using it in the morning , and the bumps remained . I wanted to blame the hot weather , but the cause was definitely the Crealine ! I immediately went to see a dermatologist afterwards because it made me intolerant to all of the products I had previously used -LRB- jojoba oil , aloe vera gel , and Cetaphil -RRB- . If you have normal skin -LRB- i.e. not acne-prone , not eczematous -RRB- , I think you should try this product . It 's theoretically a great idea , and a lot of people seem to really love it . But if your skin is extremely sensitive , I would stay away from it despite it 's claim of being effective on sensitive skin .
 I used these product for two years , and I bought them from other websites . It is the first time I bought this product on Amazon but it tuned out to be a fake.The product I had been used smelt nothing , but this one smells very differently and it smells like a molten metal . I am so angry and it 's in my trash can now.I need an explanation !!!!!!!!!!! I seriously have been using this product for two years !!
 This package was supposed to arive Dec 3 but it 's Dec 21 and i have still not recieved it !! What the hell ?! I spent $ 35 for nothing ?
 fair price but no tingle . the paul mitchell tea tree is worth the extra money and is a far better product . if i had it to over again , i 'd pass on this item .
 I usually use the L'Oreal EverPure line of sulfate-free shampoos/conditioners , but when this was on sale one day at the grocery store I decided to give it a shot . Not worth it ! My hair is straight and below the shoulders and rarely oily or greasy , except when I use this conditioner ! No matter how much I rinse , it seems to leave a dull waxy film on my hair that weighs it down all day . This might be good for someone with extremely curly/dry hair , but if you have normal or oily hair , steer clear unless you like to take two showers a day .
 I bought this conditioner because I thought it would be organic . It 's not . It 's pretty chemically and it does n't do very well on my fine hair .
 Definitely not as good as the shampoo . It does n't leave a greasy feel on my hair , and I like that , but it does n't seem to actually condition it much , either.My hair was so dry it crackled and I had to use a leave-in conditioner spray to get the comb through it . I noticed some breakage as well . Unless you have extremely oily hair I 'd leave this conditioner alone .
 Wow - I thought I was buying something that I had a tester of from the local Macy 's and this was as far from that tester as can be !!! This stuff REEKS !!! I now have to find out exactly which kind of SF was in that tester , because it certainly was n't this stuff . This stuff smells like some type of mythical creature urine mixed with wood - rank !!! I would not recommend wearing this unless you are trying to fend off a whale or grenade - then apply liberally !
 the package for this product was worn from apparently being stocked in store previous to being sent to me . i store price take was still on outer packaging too .
 the package for this product was worn from apparently being stocked in store previous to being sent to me . i store price take was still on outer packaging too .
 I thought for my newborn son the smell -LRB- lavender -RRB- was really strong , as I have found with all the Mustela products I registered for and received . I wo n't use it any more on him because the smell of his skin -LRB- which I really love -RRB- is totally over powered by their added fragrance . I 'll use it for myself though . If I had paid for these products myself I would feel ripped off , just because they are some of the most expensive does n't make them the best choice . I recommend using something more mild , I switched to Johnson 's Head to Toe Baby Wash -LRB- and no , I 'm not getting any money to state this , sadly -RRB- . If you are really interested in Mustela then get a sample first and try it out . Also , for cradle cap , which my son has gotten twice now , I just rub some olive oil into his scalp , wash off the oil , and scrape off the , uh , shall we say grossness with a really soft tooth brush . I do this outside because it can get messy , and yes , gross but do-able .
 This shampoo smells great , but did very little for my daughter 's cradle cap . I found the old fashioned baby oil and a good shampoo afterward really made the greatest difference along with gentle messaging her scalp with a brush several times though out the day . My friends also told me dandruff shampoo works well too , but be careful not to get the suds in baby 's eyes . Regardless , I say save your $ $ $ and try another solution .
 ABC WHOLESALE will send you items in poor condition and if you want a refund they will respond to your emails snobbishly before blowing you off , dont trust them !!!
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 First off , if you are pale with NO base tan at all then you should rethink buying this product . I am pale with dark hair and I tried this only to find that it looked horribly fake and orange . For starters , it does n't come out of the bottle in an even spray . It comes out in splotches and you end up having to rub it in . It smells ok but it does come off easy in the shower and onto clothing . I was so horrified at how orange I looked that I could n't leave my house until it was all gone . I just hated this product . If you have a decent base tan then you might be able to use it and it look ok . I just did n't like it at all and I 'll never buy it again .
 This product did n't do anything . I purchased it to work on light sunspots and used it religously twice a day for 5 weeks and no change . I went with DDF gel and light night and day . Do n't waste your dollars .
 I got this flat iron because I was so amazed by the `` smoothness '' of the glass . The actual iron itself is n't too bad , and it straightened my hair really well , which is super hard to do , being that my hair is incredibly thick , even after I blowdry it . HOWEVER , the ends of my hair got all caught up where the glass ends and heat protection material begins . It made this ripping noise , and there was my hair on the `` smooth '' glass !!! This product would have been WAY better if they had made the plates smooth on the ends . Now I have shredded hair , and have to go to the salon to get all the split ends trimmed ! Thanks Conair !!
 I bought this straightener to replace an older metal plate model . I was enticed by the promise of shiny smooth hair as the package suggested -LRB- note to self
 I bought this one because the one i been using which was bought at a beauty supply store and VERY EXPENSIVE was broken ! someone dropped it on the floor . So i needed one fast since it was already 9:00 at night ! well i had several to choose from and decided to get this one . Thinking that since it was a new product and the plates were made from glass it would work miracles . I was so disappointed when i used it ! it was n't that hot and when it put my hair through it it made this snapping noise like it was cutting my hair . when i was done the strip that i straightened was frizzy and it made it look like i had more split ends , UGLY !!! I put it back in the box and just blowed dried my hair with a round brush . Even that worked better.I gave it one star because at least it heated up in less then 60 seconds ! : -RRB-
 I bought this flat iron a couple of months ago as I was fascinated with its glass technology . My hair was pretty straight , but it also ripped out the ends . See , the glass is n't the only thing touching your hair ; there is some kind of border -LRB- so you do n't burn yourself I guess -RRB- around the glass , and the glass is glued in or something . There is too much friction between the glass and the border -LRB- it 's not smooth there at ALL -RRB- so it rips your hair out . Also , whatever coating is around the border thing starts to come off , which is really making the surface harsh on hair . I stopped using mine -LRB- I only used it a few times -RRB- so I can keep my hair . I recommend upgrading to a ceramic ion flat iron . I guess when it comes to hair , higher prices do equal higher quality .
 I had recently saw the new conair shiny styles on tv and in stores . Never owning a flat iron before i decided to give it a try . It worked for a month . I decided that i shouldent straighten my hair any more but i changed my mind when i saw this . It looked like it would work well and it was cheap so i bought it . I was a little disapointed with the way it yanked at my hair but it loooked great . I continued to use it for 2 months and now it does not heat up . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY . Save your money for a garunteed great but like a wigo or chi .
 I purchased this glass straightener at the local Walgreens , for the price of $ 25.00 . I do not use styling products often , but I did try this several times , only to notice it seems to not only fry my hair , but it breaks the hair off ! It seems the hair can sometimes get caught somehow and just breaks off ! And when you smooth your hair , yes , that does work , but it becomes somewhat frizzy , broken off . It actually damages your hair!Do not use this product , I hate to give a product such a terrible review , but I am so unhappy with this ! It is truly bad for people with fine , fragile hair . So , either spend a little more money and buy a really good hair straightener -LRB- preferably not Conair -RRB- or get a perm ! Just my two cents ...
 Okay , I own one of these , and it is like the worst flat iron ever . It caught my hair at the ends and frayed it so my hair had a ton of splits . I could see all of the broken ends and damage it did to my hair , and it did.t straighten it too well either . If you want to have frayed , damaged , thin hair , buy this product . You are better off with another flat iron .
 I was finding it hard to purchase the Scruples Shampoo I loved . So , I ordered it from this website . The scent has been changed , so it is not as wonderful ! I was hoping it was the same , for the bottle looked the same . I am disappointed !
 While the products are all as described , the service from Demeter Fragrance Library left much to be desired . I placed an order of 1 full sized cologne spray and two samples . My order came with a free sample which was delightful , except that one sample arrived completely shattered and the sample spray pump did not work . I contacted Demeter Fragrance Library immediately to report the issue and was advised that if I were to return the defective products they would be more than happy to exchange or replace them . I was told I would be refunded for the shipping cost for having to mail my damaged products back to them . This was not the case . While they sent me new products and refunded me for the one item I returned , I was not reimbursed shipping and it took me a week to get a hold of someone at the company who told me that they never reimburse shipping back unless you return the whole order . However , this was not what I was told the first time I called or I would have never sent it back . Now I 'm out more for the shipping than I would have been just for the broken perfume sample . The woman I spoke to basically told me that no one could have possibly told me that I would be refunded unless I shipped the whole order back to them because `` It 's never been that way so I do n't know how that could be possible . '' Way to make your customer feel great . I 'll never place an order with them again . Order from an external website if you must .
 I LOVE lime , and have found it difficult to find something lime scented that does n't combine something else with it . Knowing how Demeter generally hits things right on the head , I was excited for this to be delivered.I 'm not disappointed . It has more of a lemon-lime soda scent . I thought maybe it was just me , and had some friends try it , covering up the label , and asking them what it was - all four said lemon-lime soda . Sigh.It also seems to fade quickly , and the scent does n't stay as with most Demeter products . If you want something that smells just like a fresh cut lime , this is n't it .
 I had pretty high hopes for this scent , as I 'd had Demeter fragrances in the past and they were consistently good . Unfortunately , Tomato Seeds Cologne is n't as authentic as I hoped . Too alcohol-y and astringent , with little or no tomato scent . I 'm guessing it 's just a difficult smell to translate to a perfume , and not a lack of quality from Demeter.I might just stick to their florals .
 I smelled Tomato at a boutique a number of years ago and loved it . This stuff is hideous . It smells more like the carrying medium than tomatoes . It 's the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon in the past 14 years . Wish i could return it but I ca n't because it 's a flammable substance .
 I order this cream from Amazon all the time but this time it arrived like water . Not sure what the problem is but the consisency is terrible
 AmLactin XL . Did not find it effective enough to justify cost . Will not purchase again .
 I received and began using AmLactin XL in the middle of May . I am 23 and have had enough of being embarrassed of my upper arms . After much research , I decided to break the bank and purchase this expensive lotion . It is now middle of June and I have seen little to no improvement to my KP ... I 'm hesitant to say this , but I feel like it has gotten worse . The lotion is very thick and is a great moisturizer , however it is sticky which makes me feel `` clammy '' . I have tried using it on patches of eczema and it does give relief to the very dry skin . I am also not fond of the smell ; it is n't strong , but it is noticeable , which makes me wonder if others can smell it . I 've given this product 2 stars because it is a great moisturizer , but did not work for the reason for purchase , which was my KP .
 I have used this product for years and it works ! This product is NORMALLY a very thick cream , but this last tube I purchased was extremely runny , almost like water.This is not the usual consistency -- Amazon is replacing this product -- hopefully the next tube will be thick like normal .
 I was very surprised the first time I used it . It smells exactly like my hair color -LRB- peroxide -RRB- . This can not be good . It feels stiff shortly after applying . And sticky . But mostly , it smells really bad !!
 Having used and depended upon AmLactin for over 10 years , I 'm extremely disappointed with the ` new ' AmLactin . The new stuff is thick and heavy , does not absorb nor does it help relieve dry skin . Changing the ingredients makes no sense when the original was so wonderful .
 Aubrey Organics Selenium Natural Blue Shampoo is runny even after I shake it , and I had to use a ton of it to get it through my hair because the liquid is so thin . It does n't lather , so if you like a shampoo to lather , look elsewhere . Also , I did n't notice any less itching after 2 weeks of use , but I did notice an oily build-up . I shampoo every other day , but when I used this shampoo I HAD to shampoo every day because of all the oil in the shampoo that would not rinse out . Do n't believe what you read on the Aubrey Organics website . If you look closely , the reviews seems to be scripted as they use the same phrases again and again like `` it keeps my scalp in check '' , and there is n't a single negative review so it is biased.I did find an Aubrey product that worked for me , but too bad I wasted nearly $ 9 on the Selenium shampoo . The Calaguala Fern Shampoo , although created for oily/fine hair , did wonders for my thick hair and really does deep down clean without stripping the hair . I follow up with their GPB conditioner , but I do n't put it on my scalp because I do n't need the extra oil there .
 Very dissapointed in these towels . i had ordered some from QVC that worked great , but these had little tono effect .
 Saw Tan Towel advertised on HSN and was very excited for a self tanner that looks natural and does not streak . I am fair with freckles and auburn hair and can tan , but now stay out of the sun . I 've used this 2 times , and am not happy with the results . On my skin it has more orange than bronze color and looks fake . I 'll go back to using L'oreal Sublime , and it 's much cheaper .
 I DID NOT LIKE THE COLOR THAT THIS PRODUCT LEFT YOUR SKIN IT 'S MORE ORANGE THAN TAN AND IT STREAKS NOT A EVEN APPLICATIONS ALSO SMELLS AFTER PRODUCT DRIES.SHOULD OF KNOWN NOT TO TRY IT DID THE SAME THING LAST TIME WILL NOT ORDER AGAIN .
 I have tried many self-tanning products over the years and the tan towels far exceed everything else I have tried . They really make you look tan if you get a little real sun , shower , and then use the tan towel . I have all my sisters and daughters using them . All of us are sold .
 Was not really pleased with this product . I gave it away . My friend likes them though . It did n't work very good on me .
 PROs :1 . Foam holds items tightly and secure2 . Scissors are very sharp3 . Shipping from this seller was amazingly fastCONs :1 . Casing made of plastic -LRB- feels like it could easily break -RRB- 2 . Nail clipper breaks nails rather than cut3 . Tweezers have no grip for pulling -LRB- the part that pinches is smooth -RRB- I do n't think this item is worth more than $ 2 , definitely not for me as the main reason I wanted this set was for the nail clippers which are horrible and literally breaks the nail leaving it rough and splintered .
 My wife read all of the great reviews for this product and ran to buy it at Sephora , she bought the mitt and applied it and was left with limagreen bean legs and arms , she has been exfoliating since and still has some of the green color left . It is hard to believe how bad this product worked for her , perhaps if it was Halloween time she could go as the witch!Sephora was really suprised and said that perhaps she should have been given a lighter color than the dark one which they had sold her .
 Ok so I follow the directions to a T. Tan looks nice , reasonably easy to apply , even . I do not shower or sweat for at least 4 hours after application ... nor do I get into bed within that period . But my sheets , once a nice ivory color are orangey-pink where my legs rest in bed . The only place I use this mousse is on my legs ! If the directions say you can get dressed in 60 seconds after application , it should not stain sheets more than 4 hours later ! Yikes ! Use dark sheets on your bed when using this product .
 This product STINKS so bad when you put it on . It makes your skin look very yellow . I did n't like it .
 A sales consultant at Sephora misled me to this product , assuring that it was top notch and worth the price . My 10 dollar loreal product works much better . It is VERY difficult to get this product to lay on your skin evenly . The next day you will find uneven splotches all over your body , even if you follow their directions to exfoliate and moisturize . I 've tried it numerous times , and each day I found myself frustrated with the quality . It says to wait 60 seconds before dressing , but it takes much longer to dry than that . The only positive is that does show a tan after using it one time .
 I used this product for about a week and I could see no difference at all . There are lots of products out there so I guess my search continues
 after finding St. Tropez -LRB- using many self tanners that did not do the job -RRB- I fell in love with this product . it makes your skin actually look tan and does not have that familiar stinky odor that comes along with so many self tanners , but the formula has changed somehow . this has affected the color in a negative way , it used to have almost the slightest green tinge to it , giving it a brown tan hue . it now has a more orangy look to it . so disappointing . I even called the company , they too said it has aloe in it give the green tint to it , to make it brown , they seemed suprised by the color not being right , but this is the 4th product purchased . they have changed something , and not for the better . so disappointing !!!
 This tanner is my least favorite out of all the ones that I 've tried so far . I 'm really fair-skinned , and I am always really careful when choosing a bronzer so that I do n't end up with a fake , blotchy looking tan ... Well , this happened to be just that . No matter how much I exfoliated and used the mitten for better coverage and what not , I always ended up with streaks and a strange looking orangey , brownish color that DID NOT look natural . Also , the foam is harder to apply because it dries quicker than liquid and it does n't spread as easily as a cream or liquid . This is NOT for fair-skinned people . It does not say anywhere on the bottle or in the description that it 's for light people either . Make sure you buy one that specifically says it 's for fair-skinned people . Even a small amount of the mousse gives a really dark tan , which some people might like , but it 's kind of drastic which ultimately makes it look unnatural ... I 've used Sun labs medium overnight tan for a few years and that worked great . Medium is for fair to medium skin and then they have dark and ultra dark . Sun labs smells much better and is creamier and it 's not as orangey . This is the best one I 've used so far and I will be going back to it ! The only reason I tried Sun labs was because I wanted to explore other tanners and see what else was on the market and how they looked , etc. . .
 I applied this twice and it went on spotty and I found I had to re apply every other day . Was n't a fan of the smell , but that 's normal for sunless tanners . I stopped using it and went back to Jergens Glow , at least that goes on even . The best sunless tanner I have used , although expensive , is Sun Goddess .
 I 'm starting to think people who say these products do n't turn you orange are not really checking it outside in natural light . Most of the products look fine indoors , it 's when you go outside in natural sunlight where they SCREAM `` Orange tan ! '' . Just like all the other ones I 've tried , this turns you an Orange/Yellow color . Still trying to find one that looks somewhat real . Fake Bake is n't much better . I think I 've tried them all now . There must be something out there . I hate to go back to real tanning . I can tan in the sun , it 's just so hard on your skin . Ages you fast .
 i guess if you really fair skinned this product is for you . my arms usually have the most color on my body but otherwise i have a slight olive light skin . I did buy the mit as well as the mousse and the mit is a big help . i was very excited when i put the mousse on my skin , it gave me an instant glow . As soon as i took a shower i felt as if i washed it away.I was expecting a little more color so i was disapointed . Im really big on fast drying products and this provided that .
 At the beginning seems like a good coverage but there are a lot better products out there . It 's really messy , sticky and smells horrible
 Not what I expected this product to be ... This product made me look orange with uneven spots , yes I exfoliate and moisturized prior application , it made me smell like a dirty shoe for a week shower after shower . My skin burned in few spots i found it to be really strange , Not sure if the product was old or compromised or just bad , it did NOT have a safety seal so there is no way of knowing how legitimate this product is . Would n't recommend to anyone . I had so many bronzers and self tanners - different variety of brands this is not on my top of my list - $ 38 waisted.Gave it 1 stars because it gave me uneven - fake looking tan .
 This is just my review of the St. Tropez `` Self Tan Dark '' Bought it a Sephora two days ago ... applied the same day ... turned my legs `` green '' ... I left it on for an hour to see if it would change or darken into something else ... it remained `` green '' ... returned to Sephora the next day ... I do like the regular Self tanner , but just wanted it to be a little darker so I would n't have to reapply the regular too many times ... I have olive skin and never have trouble tanning ... just wondered if this happened to anyone else?Thanks
 I wanted to try this product as it was recommended to even out my skin color before make-up . I should have bought the mitt for one thing but it was sold by a different seller and I would have had to pay seperate shipping . Its messy and it stains my palm even though the directions say to put it on there so buy the mitt . I will probably purchase it now . I have used it on my face only and if your looking for a bronzer that washes off and doesnt tan this will be your product . I havent seen a difference in the color of my face after I wash it off .
 i am white , very white . if i dont use self tanners i will glow in the dark white ! i have tried it all from drugstore brands to high end department store tanning products -LRB- even bought an airbrush for tanning ! -RRB- i read some reviews on this product and decided to give it a try ... . waste of time ... the application was nice , fairly even and easy to apply , dried quickly ... however when i stepped out of my bathroom and into the natural light i saw my legs looked faked baked ! awful color not olive or brown at all , but i thought it might just be the instant color covering a beautiful olive tan underneath ... . i took a shower the next day with warm water and did not scrub my legs at all . i got out and lightly dried off , looked at my legs and they were dollar store fake tan orange , and most of the product was gone !!!!! i was pissed ! i dont know what all the hype is about . i am returning !!!
 this product is from a Stone age . it 's challenging to apply it on your skin evenly . it dries out too fast and leaves marks and palms black . all in all , waste of money . used it only once and will try to return .
 After reading all the good reviews I was very excited to try this product out . Do n't buy this product . Its impossible to leave it on for the recommended four hours . I can hardly leave it on for one hour . I feel sticky and gross like I have n't showered in weeks . Have no Idea if it actually leaves a tan because I have to shower right after putting it on .
 Ive tried many self tanning products and I have read all the reviews so i bought the St. tropez . It smells so bad that I couldnt even go to sleep ... It made me so nautious ... and to top it off it was so orange and streaky . Nothing makes this different from any other self tanner ... except the price !!! Very expensive and not really worth it .
 hated this ! washes off a day later and still gives u that orangy look EVERYWHERE ! never buy again . . if u r interested in this u either have a base tan and it works for u or u either love being orange . . very upset with this product . . i rather go tanning and get brown then turn out looking like an orange freak
 This product is terrible . I was advised by my doctor to avoid getting any sun after having a laser treatment done , so I researched online and found this product . They advertised no smell , no orange , perfect tan , etc. . This was the worst self tanner I have ever used . It made a giant mess , went on un even and had streaks -LRB- I used to own a tanning salon , I took all of the steps ie . Exfoliating , moisturizing etc. . And I have experience with these types of products -RRB- it had one of the strongest smells out of any self tanner I have ever used . The smell gave me a headache . I waited an hour before putting on clothes , it still managed to dye my clothes , that night I went to sleep , woke up had a shower , the color was almost completely washed away . Then I noticed my sheets , pillow case and comforter had stains and smelt as bad as when I first put this product on ! What a disappointment , WASTE OF MONEY !
 St. Tropez is a very good product , i do n't have anything bad to say about it , but i 've sth to say about their customer service . i sent my product back -LRB- it was new -RRB- , but never got my refund . they did n't have any proof that it was delivered . do u think it 's fair ? i do n't
 Weirdly thick , tangled , frizzy and dry is all this did to my hair . Even using gobs of the BB 's Color Keeper conditioner did n't help . I generally like Burt 's Bees products , but this was not for me . It was low lather , and had a faint , but pleasant scent . I ended up using it on my dogs , since I figured it wo n't hurt them , and I hate to waste something !
 Burt 's Bees Color Keeper , Green Tea & Fennel Seed , Shampoo 12 fl oz -LRB- 354 ml -RRB- My hair looks and feels terrible . My scalp has reacted badly to this shampoo . I do n't know if I 'll even use it on my dog . Her coat is so pretty , I do n't want to ruin it .
 Wish I had seen the reviews before I bought it . I agree with those who did n't like the shampoo . Burt 's Bees Green Tea & Fennel Shampoo made my hair dull and stiff and my scalp itchy . I wanted to love this shampoo because I LOVE the fragrance . The fragrance is why I gave it any stars at all . My hair is very fine , medium length and usually shiny and healthy looking . This shampoo left my hair dull , not soft at all , and feeling like cheap wig hair , like maybe the shampoo was n't rinsed out . Usually when I move my head my hair moves too . If I bend my head forward my hair falls forward too . After shampooing with this product , my hair was weirdly stiff , flat , and when I bent my head the hair on the back of my head stuck straight out away from the nape of my neck instead of falling against my neck . The next time I shampooed with it I rinsed for a very long time to make sure it was all rinsed out . Same unhappy results . Then I thought maybe it needed the corresponding Burt 's Bees conditioner . Bought and used that . No difference . Another reviewer , who gave it 5 stars mentioned that some of her family members had allergic reactions to it . I did also . My scalp and whatever other parts of my head the shampoo had touched itched continually . I used it for a month hoping it would eventually all get better . It did n't . Switched back to my other brand . It took about a week of using the other brand before my head stopped itching and my hair was back to being soft , shiny and healthy .
 It 's difficult to find a shampoo without SLS , even in color-care shampoos , so I was excited to try this -LRB- I also try to use `` natural '' products -RRB- . Unfortunately , after just a few uses , I noticed that the color seemed stripped right out of my hair . What a waste of money on shampoo AND expensive color ! I did like the smell , however , and the low lather was not a problem . Guess I 'll donate the remaining product to a friend .
 I 've used this product for years and really liked it . When the re-forumlated it to make it more `` natural '' my local store stopped carrying it . I ordered 4 12 ounce bottles thinking they would last me for years as I only use it on my head after shaving . The new formula has a terrible chemical odor like some kind of plasticizer . If you are shopping for aloe gel , look elsewhere ! This stuff stinks !
 Typically , I have fond other aloes to leave your skin sticky and tight . This one leaves it smooth and soft . This is great ... if you do not have sensitive skin . My husband and I both have extremely sensitive skin and we each use this product . Both of us got a rash where we applied it . It might have great natural ingredients in it but this was not the aloe for us.To get rid of the rash we used Aveeno Calamine & Pramoxine Hcl Cream.Aveeno Calamine & Pramoxine Hcl 1 oz Cream
 I usually like Remington products but this hair clipper is horrible . The blade seemed to be dull from the beginning and always pulled hair . We followed the instructions with oiling the blade , etc. but it still is not getting any better.I would not recommend getting this clipper .
 Please beware - you will not get what you see in the picture above . The hair guards you see pictured are not the same ones you will receive . They 're significantly wider between the individual blades , flimsy , and contain one-less `` blade '' in them . For those of you who know how to cut hair , you 'll realize this means a poorer , less-even look on the hair . You also do NOT get the 1/8th guard as is shown in the picture above . Its simply not included . Someone seriously screwed up .
 I purchaded a set of Wahl clippers about 5 years ago and have been cutting my own hair for that period of time . I thought I would upgrade and get me a new set . I liked the looks of the Remington HC-921 kit . I purchased it and have used it one time . I do n't think I will use it again . If the plastic guards were any cheaper and flimsy , they would break . As far as the clippers themselves , they work fine , but I use a guard when I cut my hair . If the guard does not work well , then it really does not matter how the clippers cut . I think I will continue using my 5 year old Wahl clippers that I paid less that $ 20.00 for until I can get another set like them . Would not purchase this product unless you want a set of clippers that you are not going to use guards with . You will be disappointed if you have used anything else !
 I believe the guides were designed to break . On one side of the plastic comb guide there is a ridge to hold the comb guide in place on the shaver , and on the other side over half of the plastic ridge has been cut away so that there is just a small sliver of plastic to hold the comb guide in place . Once that piece breaks off - and it will - the comb will not stay on the shaver , and therefor , the shaver is useless for cutting that hair length . All of the guides are designed this way - to break . Notice the other reviews of folks looking to replace their broken comb guides . Shameless , that a company would do this . Stay away from this product.The only reason you could possibly want this is if you only used the shaver without the guides . You know , to shave practically bald .
 I did not know that this product would give me hard time . . It dose not cut as my old five dollars one .
 ... the blades go dull and ca n't be replaced . Then you 're stuck with the guilt of sending a perfectly good motor and casing to the landfill . Not very environmentally friendly , Remington.I will never again trust a clipper with non-replaceable blades . The low price of this product is just not worth the headache and waste it produces .
 this product does n't deserve even one star . it stopped working in the middle of the first haircut on my son ; i had to finish the haircut with scissors .
 These are basically disposable hair clippers , because Remington does n't sell replacement blades . Plus the blade does n't last very long at all . So these clippers will end up where mine are going . The landfill !!! I wish that was n't the case , but I have no other choice . I tried using half a bottle of lubricating oil , which I specifically bought for these clippers , thinking that was the problem . It made absolutely no difference . DO N'T let the Titanium name fool you either . I saw the name Titanium & it made me think strong & durable . The unit itself may be strong & durable , but the blade is not . The first few times it works really good & is pretty quiet . That will explain many of the positive reviews . People try it once or twice & write their review . After 4 or 5 times using these clippers . I started feeling a slight pulling on my hair . Then I needed to start going slower & slower to allow it to cut . Now it just catches on my hair & will barely cut at all . It is a shame that I have to throw the clippers out , because they do n't sell replacement blades . I checked all over & even went to a site that just sells replacement parts . There were no matches for this model . If I had a new blade . These clippers would be as good as new . You would think with everyone going green . That Remington would give you a chance to buy new blades , but they do n't . Until they change that or make the blade more durable . You should avoid buying this clipper set . Take my advice & spend a little more money or buy a different model . If I had the money I would buy what the professionals use , which is Oster clippers . Oster sells replacement blades & are made to last a lifetime -LRB- If you take care of them properly -RRB- , which is why they cost so much . I just do n't have the money to buy them right now , but if you do . You should really think of buying a oyster hair clipper set.Look at some of the other reviews on this clipper set . I am not the only one complaining that the blade gets dull fast . I am only writing this review now , because I am looking for a new clipper kit to replace these ones . You should n't expect to use these clippers for more then a few months , if that . If you spend a little more money . You can buy clippers that will last a few years . Just make sure to read ALL the reviews both good & bad .
 Other reviewers were right here ... After a few months they start to pull the hair -LRB- went dull I guess -RRB- . They say do not oil ... so I did n't . Just threw them out and just purchased another brand that had higher ratings .
 I bought this clipper to cut my brother 's hair and for him to cut mine . We also use it on our dog -LRB- a golden retriever -RRB- . It cuts well ; though for thicker hair it helped a lot to cut some of it off first with a scissors -LRB- especially for my brother 's long curly hair and for the dog -RRB- . We only do buzz cuts , but the scissors is very sharp and I imagine would work well for taper cuts . It is fairly quiet and the vibrations are minimal . It has already paid for itself between the hair cuts for me and my brother -LRB- would have been about $ 10-12 each -RRB- , and my dog -LRB- would have probably cost upwards of $ 20 at a groomer -RRB- . I have n't used it very frequently so we will see how it holds up over the test of time -LRB- it has a 5 year warranty -RRB- . I also bought a bottle of hair clipper oil to use once in a while , though the box claims the blades will never need to be oiled . Overall , I highly recommend this product for home hair cuts for people and/or pets.AMMENDMENT
 Not good . Had to trow away . Excessive vibration that loosened the screws . I had a HC920 and loved it . No comparison .
 Bought my first one about 5 years ago or so at Wal Mart and as soon as I tried it I knew it was the best set of clippers I had ever tried . I 've had clippers from Conair , Wahl , and Andis too by the way . The Conair and the Wahl were forgettable . The Andis T-outliner is nice for edge ups , but it gets way too hot way too fast and needs frequent oiling . The Andis Pro-Motor clipper is better than the Conair for sure , but it also gets hot and needs frequent oiling.I used my Remington for years trouble free without oiling and I never once had a problem or complaint . All was going great until I tried to MacGyver it one day and sharpen the blades ... that did n't go se well . So I 'm going back to what works for me , the Remington Precision Pro . I ordered it here on Amazon last night . If you do get one I hope you like it as much as I did and still do .02 / 11/13 follow upI was disappointed with these clippers and never used them again . I could n't find an exact replacement of the 8017 that I had , but I went with the updated model and they work fairly well . Still not as good as my original , but good nonetheless .
 Another user with broken guide blades . Razor works ... just checked I have 5 crack or broken blades which renders the razor almost useless . I also have a Wahl that I 'm happy with . It also came with a 1/16 guide blade . Good for blending .
 After receiving the hair clippers i was very excited to get cutting , i cut my own hair . For the first two hair cuts it was a fantastic product and did the main grooming perfectly , you will need a pair of small trimmers for the edges and beard trimming . After that it started making a knocking noise so loud that i couldnt use it . After cleaning it and removing excess hair , I found that if i jammed a small Q-tip under the back of the blade it would stop the noise but being a new instrument i shouldnt have to do that . Have not tried the hassle of returning it yet . .
 Perhaps these other people had bought the product before they lowered the quality . My experience with this product is that it does not cut hardly at all . I threw the item in the trash and bought a ConAir at Kmart which surprisly worked about 20 times better . My recommendation is DO NOT BUY !
 This trimmer is good at yanking your hair out , leaving a nice leopard print haircut . Unless you have microscpic thin hair , do n't buy this .
 I had purchased a Remington Titanium about five years ago and loved it ! After dropping these clippers several times over the years and through regular wear-and-tear , however , it was time to get a new unit . Unsurprisingly , I purchased another Titanium.Unfortunately , I was punished for my loyalty.While I ca n't comment on the supplementary pieces as I do n't use them , the unit itself saw more metal components substituted with plastic ; the cord length was halved ; and the motor appeared weaker or blades were/went dull -LRB- stalls frequently when cutting my hair . -RRB- Forget salon quality ... these clippers are not even suited for casual home use.I 'm sure the executives behind these ` quality ' choices are enjoying their bonuses . I , on the other hand , am disappointed with their product and will avoid buying a Remington -- of any sort - in the future .
 the box the product came in is the best feature of this item.on first haircut my wife was pulling the hair out by the roots to cut the hair . we stopped using this new product & finished w the old shears . i am sending this back & buying another costing three times the money & figure my scalp is worth it .
 I had a prior Remington hair clipper that was the cordless version of this model and it lasted FIVE YEARS . This one has lasted less than two months before succumbing to a horrible deafening clatter . It was quiet for the first month and then the clatter slowly emerged . The clippers are now unusable . Terrible drop in quality from the last one I owned .
 I ordered this product but instead received a bag with a smaller version of the same body wash , a lotion , one bar of soap and a sponge . I like the product but not the mistake in shipping the wrong package .
 I purchased this product in hopes that it would do what it promised . I will not purchase again . I can get the same results using Ponds face cream .
 I thought this would be a good product because it 's from Sephora . I LOVE Sephora products . But when I put this on , it was really smudgy , and almost globby . I was disappointed .
 The colors of these pencils are very pretty but they are very hard to apply . You have to press hard on your eyelid to get the color on . Also , they really pull on the eyelid . I wo n't re-order .
 I know these are cheap little pencils actually perfect for your purse but they do n't seem to stay on for me . I will probably stick to what I have been using in the past.thanks , TR
 The colors are very nice and true to what was shown on-line . The pencil is a bit too hard for a smooth application and it smears when my eyes tear . I tried using a powder over the liner to `` set it '' but it still tends to run . I would n't buy it again .
 I had no idea that it was an aerosol . I would like to return it . How do I return it ?
 I honestly did n't notice anything about this product that would make it worth over 60.00 . infact , had i to do it over again , i would not pay over 5 or 10 dollars to give it a try . It did absolutely nothing for me excect cost me way to much.I had heard about it on the `` early show '' or `` Good morning America '' . They said it was such a great product and since i love products like `` NARS '' and Smashbox , i thought i would give this a try.I got better moisture from Nivea . No kidding , i could n't believe it . Do not waste your money . i tried it every which way and no results at all .
 I 'm just not impressed with this product . The product leaves a dry white residue and my skin feels dry and tight . So not worth the 100 dollars .
 I first ordered these as Large since I wear women 's size 9 shoes . They were huge ! So I returned them , having to pay Amazon the shipping charges even though there was no size explanation given in teh original description . I ordered another pair , Medium , which are also so large that I have to shuffle to keep them on my feet .
 I think this probably works well , but can not stand the heavy perfume fragrance they added , so do n't use it regularly . Only get this if you can find a fragrance free version!Why do most manufacturers of great moisturizers & night creams add fragrance ???
 It does n't really work for me . My spots are still there.Just one more cream to add to the rest.The cream is nice though.Darn it .
 This product may be good but I have n't noticed ... my hands feel very dry all the time , even right after applying it ... will go back to DermaE antiaging , it worked much better ...
 Seller charged my credit card 2 months ago and still has not shipped the items I ordered . They do not respond to e-mails or phone calls . I had to file a credit card dispute to obtain my money back . I have reported them to the Better Business Bureau .
 I only gave this a 2 star because i have medium to short hair and after 3/4 of an hour it did ` nt dryit . i would not recomend this .
 I love being able to have a salon quality style from home . This little hair dryer works a treat to bring out the best curl . BUT the hose has ripped and torn in three places so far . I have had to duct tape the hose together . I would recommend discovering if another product has a better quality hose before purchasing .
 This is the most horrible hair dryer I have ever owned . The hose would not stay connected to the bonnet . It kept slipping off . I have only used the dryer one time . Will not use it again . If the dryer was more expensive , I would have sent it back .
 cheap and misleading . Ca n't believe Conair puts their name on this product . The hose is only 2 ft long and the bonnet is tiny . Wo n't fit over my rollers . In addition , the hose will not stay connected to the bonnet . If you move at all , it falls off ! I am soo disappointed and angry i wasted my money on this purchase . Do n't fall for the false advertising .
 The dryer overheats and shuts off and can not be reset -LRB- You have to wait until it cools down on its own or only use it on a low heat setting -RRB- ; the tube that connects the bonnet is not very durable . Conair could do better - my last two Conair dryers have not lasted . I ca n't recommend this item . -LRB- And note - I bought this unit from a store , not Amazon , so Conair can not blame their lack of quality on Amazon -RRB-
 Conair SB1X Soft Bonnet Hair DryerBelieve the other reviews . This dryer quit mid drying -- the first time I used it .
 I thought it worked great the few times I used it but I should have heeded what others wrote here . The bonnet is very cheap and became unusable after only a few times of use .
 Had great hopes that this dryer would fit the bill for my kids . Wanted to dry their hair without deafening them with the noise from a regular `` gun '' style hairdryer . My folks dried my hair like this when I was a kid -LRB- okay 35 years ago -RRB- . Had only used this dryer on 3-4 occasions when the power switch failed to turn the dryer on anymore . Have fiddled with the switch a bit , jiggled it a bit , all with no luck . Will need to see if there 's some way I can return it . Have n't had it for a year yet.On the plus side , I 'm saving the earth by not using electricity I suppose .
 This dryer shuts off constantly . It is so annoying . Years ago when I bought hair dryers I never had this problem . These days their making junk products that are simply a waste of money . Do not buy this product you will certainly be disappointed . I have very long here so normally it takes one hour to dry it and with this piece of junk shutting off constantly , it takes even longer . The cost to ship it back makes no sense so I just have to take the lose .
 After few minutes on , shut off , and it seen not to blow enough hot air to dry the hair . And , the attachments are not good quality .
 I am disappointed in the Bonnet and the way it connects to the hose . The Bonnet is extremely small for a large bonnet and it is very hard to attach the hose to the bonnet.I have started to use my old hair dryer although the bonnet is torn and the high setting no longer works .
 I SHOULD HAVE READ THE REVIEWS ON THIS PRODUCTS FIRST ... I KNOW NOW ... THE SHUTTING OFF , I PURCHASED IN JULY , FIRST TIME USED WAS YESTERDAY OH WAS TICKED OFF...4-13-11 I STILL HAVE IT ... STILL SHUTS OFF ... GETTING READY TO ORDER ANOTHER DRYER BY CONAIR , BUT IT DOES HAVE 41/2 STARS ... IT 'S NOT THE SOFT BONNET BUT THE HARD COLLASPABLE BONNET WELL SEE WHAT HAPPENS , WILL LET YOU KNOW ...
 The dryer has the tendency to shut off after a few minutes of use because it gets too hot . The other problem is the hose . You have to force the hose back inside the case after use and what happened to mine the coils inside the hose broke which made the hose collapse preventing the air from flowing through properly . It looks good but there are alot of flaws in the design .
 I purchased this dryer , but not through Amazon so it can not be blamed on the company that supplies Amazon as one review indicated the company claimed . It is the worst dryer I have ever owned . I purchased it during the Christmas holiday , and was only able to use it 3 times before it started having problems . Once it would not start at all . The next time it heated for about 10 minutes then shut off . It 's very hard to replace everything that needs to go in the storage area.Very sorry that I bought this.The reason I saw the reviews is because I am already looking for a new dryer 4 months after purchasing this model .
 I bought this hair dryer for my mother for a Christmas present -LRB- in ' 09 -RRB- and it quit working in January ! She uses a hair dryer about once a week , so that 's pretty darn bad ! I want my money back !
 Difficult to place on head . Could use a waist strap for heating unit so it does n't keep falling off the table while putting on bonnet
 DOES N'T REALLY GET HOT ENOUGH FOR ETHNIC HAIR . PROBABLY WOULD WORK FINE FOR SOMEONE WITH REALLY THIN HAIR
 this hair dryer does nothing to your hair but leave it frizzy and not completely dry !!!! And it constantly cuts off - this started on the second use so the vent could not have been clogged enough to cause this . Invest in a nicer dryer if you want your hair to look right !!!! I am definitely going to try to return mine to the store ... it really sucks !!!
 Read all the bad reviews on this product ... they are all true . Conair should be sued !
 I could n't find instructions on how to open the darn thing , had to pry open the lid and was n't sure if I was just breaking it before I used it.And forget about poking everything back in afterward.I have tried this dryer 3 times and never gotten my hair dry . The wattage does n't seem strong enough to completely fill the bonnett and circulate hot air evenly . I am not generally a complainer , but I ca n't believe Conair put their name on this piece of junk . I would send it back if I had n't tried to use it.But , to be fair , I have long thick hair , so it might work ok on somebody else . I totally wasted my money .
 I thought it was a neighborhood power outage . I like to set my hair after shampooing and go to sleep . My hair is long and thick so I set the temp on `` High '' . The Conair Soft Bonnet just shut off without warning which woke me up . I had to wait more than 5 minutes before I could start it again and still ended up sleeping with damp hair . This has happened too many times . I should have read some reviews first which would have helped my damp locks and saved me some money in the long run .
 When I first saw this dryer I thought it was a toy . Quality very poor , and when I tried it was worst . It took me almost 2 hours to dry my hair . I do not recommend it at all .
 I used it for 3 weeks and the motor made tons of noise and then stopped . It did not work well from the beginning and the motor got worse with each use . I used it about 10 times . I was Sooo disappointed . At the price it was not worth returning . . I dumped it ... . what a waste of money . I am so upset with this conair product . . You get what you pay for . THe plus is the bonnet was soft ... I kept the bonnet and threw out the dryer .
 This thing does n't actually deserve ANY stars , but that 's not an option here , so it gets the requisite one star.Don ' t waste your money . Within fifteen minutes -LRB- I kid you not - I timed it , prompted by the negative reviews I saw on this site -RRB- of starting this thing up , the stoopid thing overheated and shut itself off . This thing spent more time off than on . With the quantity of hair that I have , I normally spend easily an hour and a half to two hours under any dryer in order to completely dry my hair.I 'm going to buy another Lady Dazey dryer as soon as I can get my hands on one - I 've had one of those for over a decade , and only recently has it started acting up!Do yourself a favor
 I purchased this item a few months ago because I wanted a soft bonnet dryer to replace my old dryer . The price seemed reasonable . I did not have the problems several other customers experienced with the dryer stopping and then restarting . At least their 's restarted . My unit just died on me while drying my hair . I was never able to get it restarted . I had owned the unit for only a few months so I did not think Amazon would accept a late return . The storing of the tubing , bonnet and cord was very difficult with each use . The space was too small to accomodate everything . The medium setting tended to be very hot . I wish I had read the other reviews prior to purchasing . I am now stuck without a hair dryer at home . This item was a complete waste of money . Please DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM .
 I am surprised to see that it is hard to put away in case and I would like a way to talk to someone on the shipping for $ 19.99 and it took almost 5 days to get , I WO N'T BE ORDERING AGAIN . If I was to get a call and get a refund , I am concerned about the bad reviews that I have seen for this product .
 I 'm frustating too . I bougth this one the last year , and yet I ca n't dry my hair one time . Its terrible . Bad , bad . Dont have power .
 This hair dryer is terrible , it shuts off continually . I have thick hair and when using curlers this means several hours under the dryer . Makes for a very frustrating time when I finally give up and my curly hair is still wet . I have tried everything to keep the darn thing going ; different plugs , elevation , putting it on a baking rack to keep air space under it in case it is over-heating . I wish I had kept all my bits of paper , I 'd send the dryer back to get a refund . Conair ought to be ashamed of themselves !
 The glitch was I ended up with 2 because your system would n't readjust the address info and I am stuck with the 2nd one .
 Well as the old saying goes you get what you pay for . The dyer bag tore after one use . Do not buy this product
 The poorly designed hose attachment to the bonnet often comes undone in spite of repeated attempts to seat and fasten it . I would not recommend this product .
 Had to return after the first time I used the Product , the hose burned off the bonnet connection was impossible to dry my hair with this product . Very loud and only dries one section of your head .
 The first time I used it it ripped around the hose attachement to the bonnet , and it would not stay attached when clicked closed to the bonnet . Terrible product !
 The hair dryer is fine but the bonnet is too small it knocks the rollers off your head when trying to put it on .
 I did n't buy it here but I still feel the need to write a review . I like Conair but this product was a waste of money . The hose does n't stay on the cap so while it 's supposed to be drying your hair , it 's falling out at the same time . Then . . it concentrates on only the section that the hose is connected to . I have to keep moving the cap all around my head just to get each section to dry . It was also HELL just to get everything back into the compartment . I could go on and on but I think that 's enough .
 My sister had one and I did too . The dryer would turn off on everything but the low setting right out of the box . Both units did this . Do not buy . No , you 're not going to be one of the lucky ones ... do n't buy this piece of junk .
 I could n't get the hose to stay attached -LRB- locked -RRB- to the bonnet . Used it for 30 mins and it fell off at least 5 times . That was enough for me to return it .
 would give it a 0 if i couldbonnet had a hole in it , and the air just doesnt seem to get through . this is a cheap product -- make the investment !
 I ca n't believe you would send me an appliance that uses 110V . I can not use this hairdryer as I can not plug it in . Australia has 240V . Do you have an adaptor that converts 240V to110V ?
 The dryer does not look very sturdy -LRB- inferior plastic -RRB- also when using dryer the cap became very soft and felt like it was melting .
 This dryer is like a toy . Not much heat . Not much power . I wanted it to use it for heat conditioning . I was not satisfied
 This dryer is a total waste of time and money ; it shuts off constantly , so it takes forever to dry your hair . I wish I had read the other reviews before I wasted the money . AVOID THIS PRODUCT !
 this hair dryer worked for all of about 5 minutes before blowing out . even when it did work i had to unplug all the appliances in the room just to get it to run for 15 minutes . the drying is inconsistent because the air flow through the bonnet is crappy . i would rather subject my hair to heat damage by blow drying than to use this again
 I purchased this for my 87 year old mother for Christmas so she did not have to sit under a hard helmet dryer . The hose to this bonnet burned the back of her neck and the bonnet did not fill completely wtih air to dry the front of her hair . We have gone back to the old dryer . I would not recommend this soft bonnet hair dryer to anyone .
 I bought this dryer strictly to use for deep conditioning my hair after reading the reviews that it did n't work well for drying hair . It worked beautifully for this the first two times I used it , I just hooked it up to use for the third time and it worked for about 15 seconds -LRB- I started on the cool setting -RRB- then shut off ... I tried other outlets in case that was the issue . It is a dead dryer . I 'm very disappointed in this product .
 I thought buying this product would be a good idea because it was small compact and I believed it would do the job . I was extremely disappointed , the only good thing about this product is the size , other than that it did not expand while I had it on and I had to hold it up so that the air can circulate , plus it did n't get very hot . A complete waste of my money and time .
 Motor overheats after several minutes and shuts down.Will restart after a period of time . Then shortly overheats again.Unit VERY poorly designed.Unit VERY cheaply constructed .
 This product is terrible , after turning it on for 3 minutes the dryer shut off , and did not come back on . Dont waste your time on this product .
 Never got a chance to dry my hair completly because the dryer stops abruptly within 5 min of usage and continues to abruptly stop every 10 - 15 min . It cuts back on in about 10 min after it cools . Such an inconvience .
 This unit would be perfect but for the fact that if it stays on the highest heat setting for more than 15-20 minutes , it shuts off . Sometimes it shuts off after only 5 minutes if not `` warmed up '' first on a lower setting . I read the product instructions backwards and forwards , and none of this was mentioned . There was a mention of the product shutting off , but it was caviated with the point that this was a very unlikely possibility . Well , I use the product twice a week -- once on high for a deep conditioning , and then immediately after for a wet set on a lower setting -- and it shuts off twice a week . It just elongates an already lengthy process . Extremely frustrating .
 I wish I could have read reviews on this product before I bought it.It was very difficult to put back into its case.I only used it a few times . The last time it just shut off and never would start again . I would not recommend this product .
 This hair dryer only works for 10 minutes before it shuts off , and you have to wait 20 minutes before it will start up again . Conair says they have had no such problems with the dryer and blamed the source that Amazon obtained them from.They said I could return it for a refund but will have to pay the cost myself of shipping it back .
 I bought this hair dryer recently and was totally dissatisfied . It was very difficult to open the plastic case that housed the bonnet and hose . The dryer turned itself off periodically throughout operation . Save yourself frustation and buy a more expensive model !!
 Ordered this product without reading other reviews first . Wish I had because these ladies are dead on . The dryer cuts off as soon as it starts to get hot . Do n't waste your time or money . It 's Saturday . My hair is wet and set , and I 'm left without a dryer . I 've tried three times
 I had wanted a hair dryer for xmas which I got . I was so happy that way I did n't have to be under a hooded hair dryer . Well every time I have used it and it 's not many , I put the hair dryer on medium heat and it will be okay for a couple of minutes , 5 minutes and automatically shut off . What the hell . Now I have curlers in my hair and this thing decides to shut off when it feels like . This is going straight back to the store . This is the worst hair dryer.Signed wet hair .
 This product is a nightmare ! The bonnet refused to completely fill with air and the hose is stiff and not long enough . The bonnet is also made of tissue thin plastic and if the unit would work correctly , the bonnet would most likely not even last a year 's worth of use . I patched the hose on my 23 year old general electric hair dryer -LCB- which is still working -RCB- and decided to deep six the piece of junk ! SAVE YOUR MONEY AND DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 The very first thing I noticed was how small and crammed the case was . It was almost impossible to fit everything back in the case without thinking you have damaged something.The other thing was how awkward the entire assembly was . The bonnnet was difficult to get on , mainly because the hose connected to the bonnet was heavy and in an awkward place , and kept pulling the bonnet off my head.After a couple of trys and reading the instructions , I knew I would never use it , simply because it was such a struggle just to get it on your head.Whoever designed this product should be demoted .
 I was disappointed in this product as the bonnet was smaller than the previous dryer I was using by Hot Tools and had problem getting on over my large rollers . After using about 5 times it stopped working . I will say that it is compact for travelling but feel that it is undependable . The temperature did get extremely hot so for a quick dry it was good from that standpoint . I ended up purchasing another Hot Tools Dryer , a little more money but worth the price in the long run .
 I hope that I do not have to give this item a star ; it does not deserve even one . Apparently Amazon requires at least one star . Please ignore the star . I found it very difficult to use because the hose is so short and the unit is so light weight . I think I could generate more drying power if I could find someone to blow through a straw .
 The picture of this product makes it appear as if the hair bonnet and attachments are contained in an easy to use case . But what you do n't know is that the bonnet , hose and attachemnts are tightly stuffed inside a tiny opening in the side of the plastic case . It was challenging to remove the bonnet , hose and attachemtns . I gave up in frustration trying to squeeze them back in . The bonnet is too small , difficult to fit over even medium rollers . The air flow is inefficeint in drying the hair , taking a long time to do the job . I was quite disappointed in this product .
 I bought this hair dryer hoping I could just sit in front of my computer , TV , or book and just let it dry my hair on its own . Unfortunately , that was not the case . First off , my hair is long and thick so maybe it was just that my hair was too thick for it to dry completely . But , still , I even left this thing on my head overnight and my hair was n't completely dry in the morning . I occasionally had issues with it shutting off automatically like others have noted , but my primary issue was that it did n't dry my hair well at all . Good idea , poor execution . I would look to another hair bonnet for your hair drying needs .
 I was originally happy with this product . I did n't use it that often but it worked well . Then it just stopped working . It certainly did n't last as long as a hand-held blow dryer . I was disappointed .
 This product does not blow -LRB- hot air -RRB- it sucks big time . Never again will I attempt to purchase another conair product without reading the reviews first.How could conair continue selling this garbage when it is clearly a defective item . I even attempted to use it on cool and not even that worked . After sitting there for one and a half hours of it turning on for only perhaps only 2 minutes at a time I finally gave up , frustrated and with my hair still wet.wet and mad
 The reason that I got the bonnet hair dryer was so that I can dry my hair and have a little more flexibility to do more things while I was drying my hair and also dry my hair more quickly than sitting under a hooded dryer . I found that the bonnet in the dryer did n't inflate as much as I expected it to . It just kind of sagged on my head ... especially the front part . It also takes a longer time to dry my hair than when I was using my hooded dryer . I was a little disappointed . I 'm conteplating returning it if I still can .
 I thought this would be a good product because it 's from Sephora . I LOVE Sephora products . But when I put this on , it was really smudgy , and almost globby . I was disappointed .
 The colors of these pencils are very pretty but they are very hard to apply . You have to press hard on your eyelid to get the color on . Also , they really pull on the eyelid . I wo n't re-order .
 I know these are cheap little pencils actually perfect for your purse but they do n't seem to stay on for me . I will probably stick to what I have been using in the past.thanks , TR
 The colors are very nice and true to what was shown on-line . The pencil is a bit too hard for a smooth application and it smears when my eyes tear . I tried using a powder over the liner to `` set it '' but it still tends to run . I would n't buy it again .
 I bought it for 3 weeks ago.At first I use it I felt like there are some bits in it but may be from my hand.Last night I used it and I found a small piece of glass in my jar.How clean it is.No question for the bits at first time I used , they are piece of glasses.I will not buy it again .
 If you are looking for an inexpensive hair dryer to take with you on vacation this might be for you . If you are buying this hair dryer because you believe it is a `` quieter '' hair driver do n't waist your money . I compared it to two other hair dryers my wife has and it is just as loud just a different frequency .
 Simple review : It dries hairAnd is not `` Quiet ''
 This is my worst purchase on Amazon . I bought this junk under Goldbox . Quality of the product is very bad and does ` nt work . I will never buy Andis product again .
 I have read the two reviews and was ready to add this beader to my shopping list when it dawned on me ... I went back and enlarged the pictures of the two girls with the beads in their hair . If you count , you will see that each girl has at least 40 beads per strand . Since the kit only comes with 40 beads plus the 10 clip beads , you can only make two strands of hair with beads . If you think about it ... this means you not only have to buy this product at about $ 20 plus shipping , but you have to find a store that sells beads and buy more . Was originally going to get this for my granddaughter but I think I 'll buy her something else that wo n't cost extra to make the whole thing complete . I gave this product 2 stars because I think it would be fun , just not good enough when you have to buy extra beads to make it a complete set .
 When I received my Quick Bead I wrapped it up for my daughter for Christmas . We eagerly opened it , put it together , and then IT NEVER WORKED .
 Cheap knock off . This is NOT Body Time 's version . This came in an envelope and China Rain label was taped to bottle . BEWARE !
 I 'm not sure why the picture shows Body Time China Rain . The perfume that was sent to me smelled very strong . It doesnt smell like china rain either . It doesnt smell horrible , it just isnt Body Time China rain .
 This hair dryer is the worst ever ! I was using it in the bathtub , and it fell in . That was six months ago . Now that I 'm out of the hospital and have re-learned how to write I discovered a warning on the cord that says not to use it in water ! How would anybody know that ? It 's for DRYING your hair , why would n't you use it in wet places ? It really should have a bigger warning on it . Only a genius would know not to do that .
 I will be returning the Andis Quiet Ionic/Ceramic Hair Dryer . Although it is indeed decently quiet , the air flow concentrating cone attachment keeps falling-off repeatedly during a single use and I 've only used it about 5 times . On the second day of use , I turned it off for a second and the built-in overheating safeguard mechanism turned it off , so I had to wait a few minutes for it to cool before I could resume drying my hair with it and I had been using it for about 5 minutes at that point . I am not convinced that it dries quicker than other dryers since I believe what makes it quiet is that I think the airflow is adjusted to run at a lower speed -LRB- on the highest setting -RRB- than other normal , loud hair dryers so as to make it run quieter . The LCD display is just goofy ; perfect for a 10-year old , but everyone else will find it useless . Taking into account all of these things I feel the Andis Quiet Ionic/Ceramic Hair Dryer is overpriced . I 've already bought a replacement in a different brand .
 This hair dryer is relatively light in weight and is reasonably quiet . It did dry my hair faster than a standard dryer . But from day one the power/electricity connection seemed touchy , almost turning off and back on until it had run a minute or two . Then it seemed that something had warmed up and expanded so that then it would run properly . But now it has died completely , after just four months of daily use . I would not recommend this hair dryer .
 This hair dryer was purchased mainly because it was quite , but I never got to give it much of a test . Out of the box , the motor `` cut out '' whenever the dryer was tilted , as while drying hair . Playing with the cord made to difference -- there was some type of internal connection problem , and I returned item to Amazon for a prompt and full refund.Their return service rates 5 stars .
 It is quiet - It does dry very well - And ... after a couple of months of use it does shut down just before my hair is properly dried ... grrrr ... I have to let it cool down before it will work again . By then my hair is unhappy and so am I . It would make better engineering sense to properly match the thermal safety switch with the heating element and air flow . For the price I would recommend others to purchase a different dryer . The LCD display appears to be more of a marketing `` oooo '' factor than a useable information display .
 I would say it 's a good hair dryer and is quieter than regular hair dryers . The description is misleading where it says 3 speeds and four temperature settings . It only has one control , so low speed is low heat , medium seed is medium heat , and high speed is high heat . There is no way to have high speed and low heat , so it really only has three settings and a cold shot button . I would not have ordered it if that had been clearly stated in the description . The LCD display does not work , and sometimes the dryer cuts off like it has a short in it . If I had bought it locally , I would have returned it , but it took me two weeks to get it , and I do n't have another dryer to use , so I will keep it , but I will buy a different one that really has more than three settings .
 Maybe I have weird lips , or am no good at putting on makeup , but every time I try to use this product , or others like it , it ends up cracking on my lips , peeling in weird places , and just looks terrible . I 've tried putting on with my lips relaxed , stretched , smiling , scowling ; it does n't matter how I put it on , it never lasts long and when I try to reapply it looks like wet paint on cracked plaster . I do like the gloss that comes with it , as it is sheer and mosturizing , but I can buy lip balm if that 's all I want out of this product . I bought three of these ; two by Max Factor and a similar product by CoverGirl . I used them a few times , was always disappointed , and recently threw them all away . I knew I would never use them , so it cleared space in my makeup drawer for products I will use and enjoy .
 I have owned 6 -8 curling irons , no of which lasts more than 4 months . They refuse to light after 4 months . A total waste of money !
 I tried to use this Styler on a European trip . It did n't work very well . I would never buy it again !
 I thought this would be a good product because it 's from Sephora . I LOVE Sephora products . But when I put this on , it was really smudgy , and almost globby . I was disappointed .
 The colors of these pencils are very pretty but they are very hard to apply . You have to press hard on your eyelid to get the color on . Also , they really pull on the eyelid . I wo n't re-order .
 I know these are cheap little pencils actually perfect for your purse but they do n't seem to stay on for me . I will probably stick to what I have been using in the past.thanks , TR
 The colors are very nice and true to what was shown on-line . The pencil is a bit too hard for a smooth application and it smears when my eyes tear . I tried using a powder over the liner to `` set it '' but it still tends to run . I would n't buy it again .
 Ive used this conditioner for quite some time now and let me tell you this is FAKE ! its thin and smells nothing like Kerasilk ! Dont waste your time !
 It was of a lotion consistency like one reviewer said . It honestly smelled old.It had no effect on my hair that i noticed . I would not buy it again . I 'd like to add that I really wanted it to work , I bought it based on the reviews but it sat for a while because it did nothing , then when i used it i had 0 outrageous effects . It didnt do any damage though .
 i have used this brush for years and had two of them - one broke - tried to buy a new one from my beauty supply store - brought it home and saw that half the brush was these fake vinly `` polypin '' crappy things that pull and break your hair - the same brush with all boar bristles was perfect - this is probably a cheaper way to make it but itis awful and damages your hair .
 My wife has had this thing for 4 years , and it break once a year almost on the nose . I am tired of sending it in for repair and consider this planned obsolescence from Solano . I will never buy another prooduct from them again , quality has gone downhill since Newell took over . There is ZERO excuse that a person -LRB- not a hair dresser drying several heads a day -RRB- should have issues with this expensive dryer every year.Went with a Sedu 6000i and it has lasted with no issues over the same period of time . There are better options in the high end hair dryer market look elsewhere because this product doesnt ' last.PS - notice another review here -LRB- Fifey -RRB- in this chain of reviews , is on their second one ! Anyone who spends $ 120 on a hair dryer and uses it lightly should n't have to buy another one , and most CERTAINLY should n't have to repair it annually .
 nice packaging - however , no information . should i use a tablespoon or a half cup ? do n't know ` cuz there are no directions . i gave it one star because the program requires a rating -- perhaps it deserves 4 stars
 This dye was labeled as electric lava but looked like pillarbox red . DO NOT buy it . I wish I had n't .
 This is freakin RED . Orange-ish red , but red none the less . Does n't look like photo either . There is a website that has photos of people who used this color and their hair looks orange . I hope to dear god this fades !!!!! Totally ruined what I was trying to do with my hair . Next time I will use Manic Panic 's other orange .
 Do not use unless you want orange hair indefinitely.I had to see a professional and it is STILL orange.Will not use again .
 This did not come as pictured and I explained . They refunded me but I dont suggest anyone buy this color of manic panic ever online as you can not garuntee it will arrive as you think .
 Ins not a 24 hr deodorant ... i will not buy again
 It smells ok , but no attraction factor . It does not last long , the smell is gone within an hour . For the price there are much better perfumes .
 I think Eternity no is original , no long mor that half hour that reason is cheap.No good.SorryEsteban Orellana
 After reading ALL the reviews for this product i was very cynical that it would be fake . After reading the good reviews i decided to buy it . When i first sprayed it it smelled very good and i thought it was the real one . But in less than an hour the smell faded and i could n't even tell i sprayed cologne . I do NOT RECOMMEND this replica
 This is not the original Eternity for Men . Does n't smell like the real one . Please do n't buy this product . It 's a waste of your money .
 I love this cologne when I bought from others . Dealing with Stores123 was not great , their price change several times a day . The smell vanishes away so quick . The smell stays whole day when I got it before from stores and others . When I cancelled the order they informed that it was already shipped . When I received the package found they shipped 2 days later their claimed date .
 Smells great ! However , the scent is gone before I get out the door ! Well , anyway it does a good job while I 'm in the house ...
 I love this perfume . I bought it from amazon as it was cheaper compared to any other place and thought it must be original . But when I receive it , it looks original but when you spray , smell vanishes in few minut
 I bought this perfume and the smell does not stay even one hour , not original , and I bought in stores and not the same scent.do not buyed this seller , it 's a scam !
 There is a reason it is so cheap ... it last for about an hour then its gone ... i have worn Eternity for years and it lasts for quite a while ... . not this stuff ... i did a test on my right and left wrist of my old bottle and the new i just received ... the old bottle lasted all day ... new bottle faded within the hour ... dont buy this product ... it is watered down ...
 I love this perfume . I bought it from amazon as it was cheaper compared to any other place and thought it must be original . But when I receive it , it looks original but when you spray , smell vanishes in few minutes . I tried to reach the seller to take back , but they will not take it back . I love this perfume , but dont buy it from here . No wonder why it was cheap .
 Before this order . . Everyone recommended me NOT to order fragrances from Amazon . . But being a lazy and had trust on Amazon I have ordered this from Amazon and realized I really made a mistake . . because fragrance does not really stay longer than 1 hour ... I used eternity before and that have log lasting fragrance and that I bought from Calvin Klein storeShipping was great . . I got this on next day only ... but not happy with the quality of this . .
 PLEASE DO N'T BUY THIS FROM AMAZON.COM . IT IS NOT ORIGINAL . DID A SAMPLE TEST WITH THE ONE FROM MACY 'S AND ONE CAN CLEARLY SEE THE DIFFERENCE .
 I ordered this coz I had this in the past and obviously like the perfume very much . But the damn does n't work at all , it 's gotten stuck and I dunno what to do now !!
 for some reason the perfume purchased from amazon does not smell or last the same way the same product purchased at the store does . I heard this once before an thought it was hogwash but I will tell you that the fragrance dissipates soon after you put it on .
 Love the smell of the cologne so I wanted to give this a try . While the smell is something approaching ` similar ' to the cologne , there is something extremely off-putting about the balm . What made me truly not like this product , however , is that it felt like I was smearing a slew of synthetics all over my face and the tightness this balm left after it dried was a uniquely odd , if not uncomfortable , sensation.After a couple of times using it and further noticing that a crust roughly the consistency of toothpaste appeared around the cap , I read the ingredients , and Lo and behold I had n't the foggiest idea what 90 % of these are : Water , Cyclomethicone , Propylene Glycol , Fragrance , Diethylhexyl Sebacate , Hydroxyethyl Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer , Caprylic/Capric Triglycerides , Glycerin , Allantoin , Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate , Ascorbyl Palmitate , Bisabolol , Butylphenyl Methylpropional , Citronellol , Coumarin , Disodium EDTA , Galactoarabinan , Geraniol , Hexyl Cinnamal , Hydroxycitronellal , Hydroxyisohexyl 3 Cyclohexene Carboxaldehyde , Limonene , Linalool , Magnesium Aluminum Silicate , Panthenol , Phospholipids , Polysorbate 60 , Retinyl Palmitate , Squalane , Tocopheryl Acetate , Triethanolamine , Xanthan Gum , Butylparaben , Ethylparaben , Isobutylparaben , Methylparaben , Phenoxyethanol , Propylparaben , Titanium Dioxide -LRB- CI 77891 -RRB- ^ And this list actually differs a bit from the ingredients as listed on the product I received , with the above actually reading as more benign than they read on the balm I received.After a bit of research here 's what I ultimately found regarding many of the ingredients in this product : HIGH concerns
 I use Eternity all the time and know its scent . Buy it in Macys or other trusted stores .
 I got this for the first time after trying it in a local store as the smell was great . Once I got this and after using this , I was disappointed because the smell does not long last after spraying , So I thought might be this is not that great , but after couple of months the bottle started to leak from the bottom , then I got the impression that I might have got a fake one , that is the reason might be the smell is n't lasting long . So , I would never buy Cologne here again .
 As the title states , this was a bad purchase . To clarify again , this review is NOT about the CK Eternity for Men cologne in general , but this purchase in particular.I tried the cologne at the store before I decided to buy it on Amazon . I liked it a lot , it has a fresh and invigorating aroma , and stayed for a long time after I tried it * at the store * . Indeed , I should say that CK Eternity for men is still among my top choices for a cologne.This particular purchase from Amazon , however , disappointed massively . Although the aroma is still fresh and invigorating , it does n't even last more than an hour ! I suspect that 's because this particular item has been in Amazon 's stock for several years .
 I have worn Eternity for over 12 years . When I received this item , the packaging gave me suspicion especially with a cracked lid . To add more , the scent was clearly fake to my smell sense . When I compared it back-to-back with the original one that I had , I had a definite proof . I sent it back immediately . If I were you , I would look for the same item but with Amazon as the seller . The price was almost the same .
 I changed my EDT from D&G ; light blue to Eternity because it smelled good and lasted long . However , this one from Amazon is not smell like from store and is not last when I used at Store.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000P250SA/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 The items in this kit are great , however , the item description is not correct . I received a 2 oz . deep cleansing soap in both kits I ordered , not the 3 oz . soap that is described . Everything else was as the description said . I contacted Amazon to fix the order , but they sent me the same exact thing again . Be warned that you may or may not receive what they describe on the site .
 They shipped real fast , but it 's not enough to overcome the fact that the 2 oz color guard spray that I made the order for is really a .45 roll-on stick . Thanks but no thanks
 I had this product recommended to me by a friend , but the smell of old lady perfume is overwhelming . I ca n't get the smell off of my hands after 10 washings . We had to turn on the fan to try to air out the room . I would not recommend this product .
 When this product arrived , I was excited to finally have a sunscreen that would protect my face , which is extremely oily . A few minutes after application , I was surprised to find that the product began to roll off like dead skin . Now , if I 'm feeling patient enough to use it , I mix it with my oil controller -LRB- which for non-oily people would be moisturizer -RRB- and that seems to keep it from rolling away . A fantastic product , however , should not need to be mixed with anything .
 Horrible , makes you hair feel like hay . I have dyed hair , so mayb it would work better on non-dyed . Way too much money for one time use .
 I was not able to use this product because it came in a broken bottle . . Thick conditioner had soaken thru the paper packaging ... I would not recommend it .
 Read the great reviews and purchased on that alone ... NEVER AGAIN ! Not bad as an air freshener but as a skin fragrance ... YUCK !
 My stylist uses this sprayer and I was looking for a fine mist sprayer to do mine and my kids hair . I bought 2 of these and they both are terrible . They do n't spray anything half the time and the other half they splatter water down the middle of the spray stream . I do n't know if I 've gotten a `` knock-off '' product , but so far I 'm extremely disappointed with the product .
 Product came in dirty , with brown colored dirt/debris stuck in the joints and different areas , unusable . I am so disgusted that I do n't even want to contact for return . DO NOT BUY
 I 've purchased this before and I think a gel should be thicker . Looks like someone added watered it down . Would not purchase again from this vendor
 It arrived in a timely manner and the contents were original but the spray apparatus was sticky in the beginning then broke down at about when the bottle was half full .
 I was very excited about this soap and the first time I used it I was very impressed with the smell and lather . It was n't until I tried to rinse off that I noticed a very soapy residue on my skin . I had to wash all over again with another body wash to get it off . Maybe its a bar soap thing but I just could n't do the residue/squeky feeling
 send me the wrong soap -- send me the lavender thing instead of the original order like in the photo coconut & papaya soap . that 's mis representation , who would do that ? that 's illegal . will be returning ASAP .
 There are many different Nubian soaps on Amazon . I thought that what I had ordered was unscented , but I received Lavender and Wildflowers . Due to my allergies , I will not be able to try this soap out and will have to give to a friend . If you like Lavender than you will probably like this scent , unfortunately anything with a scent causes me to get a migraine . I was hoping to be able to purchase a shea butter that was unscented ... guess I will have to continue my search .
 For first time I got product with such low build quality . My girl used this one and she is too disappointed .
 What can I say , the worst way to spent money for something that have to look nice and natural , this eyelashes are something 100 % oposite of that !!! Like it 's told in the product 's name
 My wife used this eyelashes and i must say - the look so bad and false.I do n't recommend this one.Thanks a lot !
 First , they are not as described in product information , do &#1077; s not look natural , totally.With one word - dont worth for buying .
 first off , i think banana boat has stopped this product , so these are all leftovers and are very close to expiration date . It dries pretty fast , but comes off right away ... Does n't work for me
 I bought this two years ago at BabysRus , and there were two rubber ducks in the package . I purchased this for my friend 's baby shower couple weeks ago and there were no rubber ducks in there anymore . It still shows that comes with rubber ducky on the description . I am very disappointed as I was expecting this rubber ducks the most.Please fix the product description ...
 I bought this at the store because the sales woman said this was an excellent product for newborns . I 've used it with my 1 month old and must say I disagree . The general scent of the shampoo is nice , but the lotion is overwhelming especially for a newborn . Newborns smell lovely as is , so I do n't think there is any need for perfume overload .
 uh its kinda cute it comes with a few washes mine dident come with that foam book thingy and i dont like the smell the smell lingers and the case does not hold alot good for travel makes a good small diaper bag hold about 2 premie size diaper a travel size wipes a nursette type thing of formula and nipple and pacifier but thats bout it by gerber comes with more
 I ran to the store to get this based on Amazon reviews . My skin is combination , prone to acne , and extremely resistant . I was told by my aesthtician that dermabrasion might be a good option . I tried this and it fell very flat on delivery . I 've usedNeutrogena Advanced Solutions MicroDermabrasion Body Systemand St. Ives Apricot Scrub for Oily or Acne Prone Skin - 6 oz to much much better results . This did n't do a thing for my skin .
 i do n't see any difference . This is just a cleanser not a dermabrasion . The peel activator does n't work either , the only purpose of it is to remove the crystal on your face .
 i have acne scarring on my skin and thought this might even it out . Nope . It irritated my skin . Save your money and go get microdermabrasion by a professional .
 I bought this item due to its high positive review rate and I thought that I had used this product before . Apparently the Olay product I used was not this because I have horrible redness left after each useage which has been twice since buying this and each time it left me with the same result . My skin which was normal before was inflamed afterward and acme which I did not know was there before , suddenly appeared and left the entire area red and horribly noticeable . It also managed to pop open a few of my pimples which where nearly completely gone , leaving them red and irritated . If you have acme or possibly have acme I would not recommend this product to you .
 I really loved this product . In fact , I have yet to find another scrub as good as this one . But , I just found out that Olay still tests their products on animals . I just think that there is no place for animal testing anymore . Imagine the pain the animals went through when this scrub was applied . So , I ca n't use this product , or ANY product from Olay until they change their policies . Too bad . Can anyone recommend a good scrub alternative ?
 At most this is a good scrub . After using it , I feel that my skin is squeaky clean . But it does n't do anything deeper for the skin at all , as in I still get pimples and my pores are still clogged . Perhaps my skin needs more drastic help . This is simply too mild to be of much good . After a while , it was too much effort for not much result . You have to scrub for about one minute and then apply the second solution . There 's also the risk that one will run out before the other .
 Ive read lots of great revIews and have decided to give it a try . After using this product my skin feels so soft but the next day my face broke out with bumps and cysts acne . Oh no I 'm so upset cause i feel i just waist my money . This is my first time buying this kind of product .
 I read all the raving reviews and had high expectations of this product . I do n't have horrible skin by any means , I am a healthy individual , and I eat right , blah , blah , blah.So , I wanted a peel effect . Dead cells taken off to be replaced by fresh , new ones.Didn ' t happen with this product in any sort of manner.I felt the crystals were too rough on my face and I did n't like it , but gave it the full go.In the end , after my ` peel ' , I did n't see or feel any difference . A day later , still nothing . A peel later , still nothing ... I would not recommend buying this product , unless you could return it after you gave it a go . I live in the middle of now where , so returning is n't possible for me . I paid like 30 -35 for this product and shipping . Wanted to send it back!@!Good luck!I have better luck with Dr. Patrica Wexler products from Bath and Body works . One face wash , I saw a vast difference in my skin texture and appearance .
 If you 're looking for a good microdermabrasion , this is n't it . I wanted to use all of the product before giving a review . It made my skin very soft after using it , but the next day my face would be very dry . I saw no difference after using the product at all.I think this is better for just removing makeup , honestly .
 As an esthetician I would advise against using these sort of products . They basically sand your face off . Please leave microderm and abrasive exfoliation to trained and licensed professionals . I can assure you that I am not just saying this to drum up business.I would much rather have people not do anything to their skin than to use a product like this . You initially see great results because of the aggressiveness of the exfoliation , but believe me , you will pay for it in the long run . The main ingredient in this product is aluminum oxide -LRB- also referred to as corundum -RRB- , which is characteristically known for its hardness , and is typically used as an industrial abrasive in sandpaper and as a component in cutting tools . This material is rated as 9 out of 10 on the Mohs scale of mineral hardness , making it second only to diamonds in abrasiveness . You may argue that this is also the same substance use in clinical microdermabrasion procedures , but you need to realize that these procedures can only be preformed by a board certified plastic surgeon , dermatologist , or licensed esthetician trained in microdermabrasion treatment . I see people coming in every day who use these at home kits and products , and they all have the same issue ; It worked great at first , then after some time they started to notice that it was n't working as effectively , so they used it more often and harder.Exfoliation of the skin increases cell turnover and helps prepare the skin for hydration and moisturization when done right . When this process is done more often than necessary , or in an overly aggressive manner , you can end up damaging your skin and causing permanent scar tissue build up and inflammation . People do n't seem to realize that there is oil on our face for a reason , it 's there to protect and moisturize our skin . When you constantly cleanse and exfoliate your skin , you are doing more harm than good . Over stripping the skin causes irritation , break-outs , and heightened sensitivity that rarely can be reversed . When your skin is constantly bombarded by aggressive exfoliation , it 's defense is to build up thicker layers of skin for protection . So please , if you do use this , use extreme caution , do n't use it on your face , and do not use it more than once a week , if that.Ask any esthetician , plastic surgeon , or dermatologist out there and they 'll tell you the same thing
 According to the instruction , you need to use it twice a wk for 8wks . First time I used , no result ... so i thought slow reaction . . its good . 2nd time , wow what a bright face ... so got too excited . . ca n't wait for next round . I used one more time and skin started burning ... ca n't take sun ... omg . it was too bad ... and my skin got terribly sensitive to sun -LRB- even after applying spf 30 -RRB- . i stopped using and using cetaphil lotion to recover . After 2 wks , still not normal , but ok .
 I bought the kit yesterday and went right home to try it . It has two steps to it . Step one is the actual micro dermabrasion and step two is a foaming process to activate step one even more . The actual microdermabrasion granules are much too abrasive for my sensitive skin . Step two did nothing -- no foam , no activation , nothing . I called the company and they agreed that something was not right . I returned it to the drug store I got it form for a refund . I guess this type of kit works for a lot of folks -LRB- form reading the reviews -RRB- , but if you have sensitive skin you may want to try something more on the gentle side .
 I have struggled with cyst-like acne for the majority of my life . I FINALLY cleared up my skin by finding and usingAlpha Hydrox Foaming Face Wash -- 6 fl ozproducts . Those do provide a `` peel '' , but I was looking for a scrub . This had such great reviews that I tried it . Not kidding , the very next day my skin broke out everywhere in large cyst-like acne spots all around my mouth !!! Horrible !! I am 35 years old and should not have skin like a teenager going through puberty ! I did not use this product again , went back to using my AlphyHydrox -LRB- I am also using LaMer moisturizer -RRB- and my skin is back to normal after 2 weeks . Ugh . If you have acne-prone skin - BEWARE !!
 Bur n't skin so bad had to see dermatologist than had to use a cream called silversulfadiazine while my face peeled off . The silver sulfa was so my face would not get an infection .
 My face felt softer for a few hours , but that did n't last long . I 'm not looking for a miracle here , but saw NO results . Guess you never know unless you try . A majority of reviewers seemed happy so I gave it a shot . This product did not work for me .
 I was excited to try this kit out , then I remembered why I do n't have any Olay products . Their products are still tested on animals . Many other companies shun this practice and I have to support them instead . You suck , Olay . Stop testing on animals so that I can buy your crap and not feel twice as guilty about where my money 's going .
 I decided to try this product because of the rave reviews , and because the product claims to improve skin tone . I have dark spots and discoloration left from years of suffering from acne on my face . Anyway I have not suffered any active acne flare ups for a while until I started using this product.I used this product for a week-that 's two applications , applied exactly as the directions stated to apply and after the first application I could feel large cyst forming under my skin , but I decided to ignore it and use the product again , - big mistake - I know have a few large cyst present and small whiteheads on my face . Believe me when I say it has been a good while since I have had a flare up like this.Anyway I am discarding this product.This is not for people with acne.In addition I did not see any improvement in the texture of my skin . I have had really soft supple skin from just using a 4.00 dollar bottle of apricot scrub and I think this stuff is too expense for what it claims to do which is nothing but cause acne flare ups.Now I am back to my routine of using benzoyl peroxide to terminate these large acne cyst on my face , which is no trouble because benzoyl peroxide always works for me immediately .
 I had high hopes after reading the reviews . I did n't notice a difference in my skin at all . I have very oily skin so maybe that 's why . It 's not a miracle in a jar . Do not let the positive reviews fool you . This is n't that great .
 I 'm glad many are getting positive results , but I certainly have not . Had total faceoutbreak after 3 uses over a week and a half . Almost 2 weeks later my skin is still very rough and quite itchy at times . Had to return product .
 This product was very well packaged , fast delivery and all transactions with this product were positive.I noticed no specail results using this product although is was a great cleaning and skin care purchase . I probably would not buy this again though
 I was hoping for more significant results with this . I used it consistently every week for 3 months , most of the time twice a week like it said , and did n't think it gave me any better results than a regular exfoliator . Did n't do much of anything for my acne , large pores , and blackheads . It was n't worth the price to me , paid about $ 30 for it , I would of rather invested that money in buying a chemical peel .
 Well . I suffer from cystic acne . I hadnt had any breakouts in a while and i wanted to try this because of all the great reviews . Unfortunately it was not for me . The first time I tried this , my face was red and blotchy , but that was expected . The next day , i woke up with white heads and cysts on my chin . I decided to give it a chance so I used it 2 more times . Each time I used it i would have small red blotches that would then turn into pimples the next day . Like I said , I have cystic acne so these cysts take forever to go away . I tried to give it a chance , but it really wasnt good for my skin at all . It did make mt skin soft , but That doesnt matter if my face is going to have painful cysts on it . I love olay products , this one ... not so much . Also , the 2nd step in the microdermabrasion never foamed like it claimed ,
 I am using it because it bothers me to throw away cosmetics I spent money on . However I never saw any difference after using it.It smells great , orangy , it burns a little , then i got some rosacea spots.I do not feel my skin cleaner , younger nor smoother .
 I purchased this system because I felt that at 42 years old , it was finally time to slow or even reverse progression of my fine lines and wrinkles . I have never had sensitive skin , nor acne so was n't concerned about that at all . Well , now I have it , thanks to this product . After first use , I noticed a ton of tiny bumps on my right cheek and another small patch of them on my neck . Not knowing exactly what caused it , I decided to use the product one more time , a week later . Well , the product is definitely the problem . My entire face and neck is now covered with these tiny bumps !! The only area on my face without these bumps is my eye area , where the product does n't go !! I can only hope these will go away on their own . Back to my old routine of simply washing my face with a mild cleanser , then covering up with cream . Sigh ...
 If you have sensitive skin DO NOT use this product , I used it Friday and slowly my face has been reacting and i 'm now on Tuesday and my face is full of rashes , I feel horrible
 It leaves you feeling fresh and the skin at the moment feels smooth , but that can be acheived by any regular scrubbing cream/foam . There is nothing so special about this one . Plus I noticed increased in acne after using this one .
 I wore this perfume for years when I was younger . This smelled like the old lady version . It sort of smelled old and rancid . There was certainly a resemblence to the perfume I remember . But I would never wear this one . Its really awful .
 I 'd hoped it was the same as I used to buy from the Body Shop , but it 's not . It 's OK , but the weave is much looser and it 's scratchier .
 When I see Sisal Wash Cloth I expect something like more then just a simple towel . ...
 I was not pleased with this product . The rollers did not get warm enough to really do anything for your hair.I did like the rollers because they were just the right size and my hair stayed in them well . If they had just heated up more I would have given it least 4 stars . May send mine back .
 Pros :1 . Compact size .2 . Convenient for travel -LRB- only in USA -RRB- Cons :1 . It takes at least 20 minutes to heat rollers up to the temperature when they start working ; still they are never hot enough for good results .2 . In addition you have to buy Conair Pro -LRB- or Super -RRB- Clips to hold rolls firmly . Included clips do n't work at all .
 I read all of the great reviews so I thought these rollers would be great . But they 're not They 're basically worthless and I 'm throwing them away . I have normal weight hair and length . When I tried to put these in it was so hard to get the hair to stay on . The hair grips they talk about are useless . You ca n't even call them grips . And the curlers do n't get hot enough . My hair looked whack when done . I 'm going back to my curling iron . What a waste of money . I do n't know what these other people are talking about . Maybe they were paid to write some of these reviews .
 I ca n't get the pins to stay in ! Occasionally , if you get it just right , the pins hold but otherwise they fire across the room like intercontinental missiles . I spend more time on my hands and knees looking for the dang blasted things than I do curling my hair . Am going to try the &#34; pro clips &#34; but am not hopeful as I have thin hair . Pretty lame of Conair as this has been a problem for some time .
 I remember why I like curling irons now . It 's been awhile since I used hot rollers and was hoping I could use these They 're neatly put together , compact and the clips secure the rollers very well . Only trouble is they do n't get hot enough to curl hair . I let them heat up for half an hour and left them in for half an hour . I have a lot of body and wave in my hair , so curling is not a problem , but these curlers do n't do it ? Stick with the curling iron !
 I thought being the brand as well known it would be ok to order on line but it is most unsatisfactory . It barely heats at all and I do n't know whether it just does n't work or a bad product Conair HS28X Instant Heat Compact Styling Setter I had to check on star on the rating but it deserves none .
 I liked these curlers initially , and thought that they would be ideal for traveling , since the set is compact . However , after not too much use , two of the rollers are dead , and I will need to get another set .
 Regrettably , this hair setter is no improvement over the one I used 20 years ago : rollers are heavy , the starter strip does n't really help the roller grip hair stands for a smooth , neat roll-up and the metal clips are a pain to slip on the rollers . ` Medium ' rollers are small diameter , but the 8 larger rollers were adequate to set the top layers of my med . length hair.Heat is gentle and the rollers did provide a slight lift -LRB- I left them in for 30 minutes -RRB- . The unit is compact and therefore easy to store or travel with.Credit card ` points ' covered the price of the unit ; for that reason , I 'll keep it but use it only occasionally.I would not buy this again , although such setting products are probably all pretty much alike .
 The clips that hold the roller in the hair are much too short . Rollers fall out . If clips were longer , they would probably work . Suggestion
 This product is described in the Amazon description as dual voltage . The one I received is 120 only - not dual voltage . Now I have to deal with the private vendor . Since I am leaving on a trip , I do not have time to return and receive a new item . I am not happy.Update - I called the vendor -LRB- at my expense . -RRB- The person I spoke to said Conair described it as dual voltage but it is not . Do not order this product if you need dual voltage .
 This curlers set is exact exactly the size I was looking for but the curlers themselves are disappointing . First the actual curler base is oval not round . Second the curlers have teeth which I thought was great at first but they totally get tangled in my fine hair when I 'm trying to remove them . On a positive note , they do heat up quickly .
 This is the second set of Conair hot rollers that I 've purchased in two years . The first set barely got warm enough to put a little wave in my hair , and my hair curls fairly easily . Finally giving up , I bought this set , hoping for a different result . They are equally as warm as the first and do n't curl . Do n't listen to the 5-star results . I did and these are getting returned.What happened to the old days when hot rollers really were `` hot '' ? Have they cheapened them so much to save money that they no longer work?These are definitely compact and a nice size for travel , but DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I recently had my hair styled and thought curlers would help me maintain the style -- unfortunately the curlers were too small , they really did n't heat up as fast as the instructions said they would , I also had trouble making sure they were connected to the heat source -- the casing is just too floppy for that I think -- also , I did n't like the pins -- the curlers kept on flopping around on my head and just were n't hot enough to do the job . I returned them and will stick with a curling iron .
 you have to make sure all the rolles are pushed down on the heater . The way the pins hold the rolles is n't that easy .
 The size of this set is great for travel and convenience , but the rollers do not get very hot and do nothing for my hair . The hair does n't even curl -LRB- grey hair -RRB- . No good for me .
 I purchased these based on their compact size for travel . Unfortunately they do n't seem to heat sufficiently to make long lasting curls . I debated whether to send these back , tried them 2 times , and this morning decided to return them . I made my decision based on how my hair looks today after using a standard size curling setter . My hair is much fuller , much bouncier , with much more long lasting curls . By the end of 3 hours with the Conair compact , my hair would be pretty much uncurled , with maybe some slight curling left at the ends . It just does n't justify the price . I 'll be looking for a replacement that heats better and provides better curling .
 I 've owned many hair curlers , and I was looking for one that offered large rollers and fast heat up . I was disappointed on both points . First , the `` large '' rollers are not large . They 're medium . The smaller ones are really small . I plug it in before my shower , and even after showering and blow drying my hair , it 's still not really heated up like it should . The only thing I can say that 's positive about this product is the compact size of the unit and the number of rollers , which is nice . But if you 're looking for large rollers -LRB- greater than a one inch diameter , and something that heats up really fast -- this one is NOT for you .
 These curlers are quite small and the curls made me look a bit like Shirley Temple as a youngster -LRB- which probably dates me by the reference -- but let 's put it this way , not becoming on an-at-least-middle-aged person -RRB- There is no way to know when the curlers are hot . The curlers stayed in just fine and are easy to keep clean . It is certainly compact for travel.If you want small , tight curls this is a good option for travel because you get more than the five jumbos in other travel cases . But it does n't work for those of us that like jumbo and super jumbo rollers.Like other reviewers for travel or at home , I am looking for hot air curlers of sufficient number that are all super-jumbo or at least a true jumbo size !
 Bought these for Christmas for my girlfriend and they just do not work well . They do not get hot enough to really make any difference . I remember she had kept reheating them and was in bathroom for almost two hours and when she finally finished you could hardly see any difference . The pins to hold them in place are cheap and flimsy . So i also bought her the larger clamps that are made for these and sold separatly , this still made no difference . I guess you get what you pay for and the cost being so cheap also delivers cheap results .
 I returned these . They do n't get hot and are not worth the money . Too bad , it could have been perfect for use at home and for travel .
 I have long , wavy hair that curls perfectly using Conair 's soft flocked curlers , so I hoped these would work , but they were a disappointment . They took 5 minutes to heat up , and even then were n't hot enough to hold a good curl . I 'll be returning them .
 I used these like 3 times . . they do n't get very hot , they did n't curly my hair well -LRB- hair is a little past shoulders -RRB- . . I stuck them under the sink and completely forgot that I was once excited about them . I 'd go a different route in the future .
 I found that the appliance did not heat up and the pins were impossible to use . The extra clipsI I purchased which were supposed be better also did n't work at all
 Too Small ... . And made my hair Fuzzy ! Recommended for short hair , or a Teen . I could not use them . Sorry
 This product does n't work . The bottle leaks and it is over priced.Save your money .
 I was very disappointed in this product . It did absolutely nothing for me , but leave me with $ 40 less . I was hoping it would work and was very excited after finding this product on line . What a HUGE Disappointment this product is !!! I WOULD N'T recommend it , just a waste of money !
 I PURCHASED THI PRODUCT AFTER I HAVE SEEN A REVIEW IN ALLURE MAGAZINE , THAT CLAIMED THAT IT DOES MIRACLES FOR YOUR ALLERGY INDUCED EYE PUFFINESS.THIS WAS MY CASE , SO I WENT FOR IT.WHILE I DOES MOISTURIZE THE UNDEREYE AREA , I DO NOT SEE A SIGNIFICANT DIFFRENCE IN THE PUFFINESS . SO IT DID NOT WORK FOR ME LIKE THOUGHT IT WOULD , BUT REMEMBER EVEYONE IS DIFFRENT , AND IF YOU ARE LIKE ME , ALWAYS LOOKING FOR SOMETHING THAT WOULD REDUCE THESE UGLY BAGS , THAN I SAY GO FOR IT!IT MIGHT WORK FOR YOU .
 I felt that it made no change in my appearance at all and canceled any further purchases .
 My wife is using this product more than one month but nothing happend so far.I think , i wasted my money .
 This product made no difference whatsoever in bags under my eyes . It was expensive , and I feel I should get my money back . I think there was a guarantee noted in the catolog I got it from but ca n't find it . There is no way to return it after purchase according to the material received with it .
 I ordered this perfume after reading the reviews on Amazon . I 'm not understanding how people find this perfume attractive at all . No one in my household likes it either . It smells worst than dog poo to me and honestly ... no one could even PAY me to wear this . Worst part - not returnable to Amazon .
 While I love the fragrance , it must be very watered down because the scent does n't last 30 minutes
 Actually ordered cause i thought the bottle was pretty , which it its . The scent ... not so much . Smells like something an old lady would wear , luckily i got the small bottle .
 After reading all the feedback on this perfume I decided to give it a try . Am terribly disappointed in it , when I first spray it on you can smell it for about 5 minutes then nothing . Unfortunately it just did n't work for me at all . I do not feel the scent stays with you . I would not recommend to anyone .
 smells very bad , I 'm disappointed that I ca n't return it . I bought it because I was rreading all these positive comments , I really do n't understand why people like it so much .
 As far as I can tell , this nail file does a decent job of filing -- but I cant be sure because it 's torture to use it ! It feels like scratching your nails down a chalk board -- literally . Every time I try to use it , I get that unbearable cringe in my bones that only nails-on-a-chalkboard -LRB- especially when it 's YOUR nails -RRB- can bring about . But not only does it FEEL awful , it actually MAKES that dreadful , squeaking sound too . Save your money -LRB- and your sanity -RRB- and go buy a less nerve-grating product .
 I bought this stuff hoping it might really work , but skeptical nonetheless . I bought it in `` light/medium '' -LRB- which , I think , fairly describes my skintone -RRB- . I was intrigued when the product did indeed emerge from the tube in a colorless state . Excited , I rubbed in on my wrist as a test . As I rubbed it , it turned to sort of an orange-tinged color , way too dark for my skin . I then rubbed the product on a piece of tissue paper and , lo and behold , it turned the exact color it did on my skin ! `` Tony ! '' I called to my fiance . `` Let me rub this makeup on you . '' His skin is slightly darker than mine , yet the makeup turned the same color on his skin as it did mine.Now very skeptical of this product , I proceeded to squeeze out a bit more and examined it in its colorless state under a bright reading light . I noticed little tiny darkish flecks . My HYPOTHESIS -LRB- I 'm no scientist -RRB- is that the makeup in its colorless state contains little beads of dye that will most likely turn the same color no matter whose skin the makeup is rubbed on to . This would explain why it was the same color on myself , tissue paper , and my fiance.I have written to Almay regarding this matter and they said I can mail the product back to them for a gift certificate . I plan to do so ASAP.The verdict ? Save your money .
 yes , it straightens your hair more more it smells like a bad chemical . I read about the ingredients and learned that they are not the best to use . I was desperate and you used it anyway but this is n't the same product it used to be years ago . It felt like I was using a relaxer . I would probably find a different product .
 HORRIBLE SCENT !!!! Overall it 's just a disgusting product . The description on the back label is lying . False advertising !! The spray starts to flake after a few hours and leaves your hair looking like a mess . After the first application , I started coughing for like five minutes . Worst hair product I ever bought . The product contains alcohol and is flammable .
 The shampoo I received was not the real thing . Either it was deluted or ann imposter product with a similar smell . I usually buy Pureology from a salon so I 'm familiar with the smell and how thick their shampoo is . The bottle I received was very thin and runny and did n't have the same iridescence .
 I read the previous review but ordered this anyway . It is indeed not the real thing . The packaging and shampoo are not the same as the bottle I previously bought at a salon . The shampoo is diluted and bubbly - like when you mix water with the end of a soap bottle to extend your supply . The packaging has slightly different wording on the front , and the languages on the back are Spanish , Portuguese , Greek , and Swedish -LRB- instead of the standard English , French , and Spanish . -RRB- I am fine with buying knock-offs of certain things I like when I go to the dollar store - but not when I 'm paying almost $ 30 for fancy shampoo !
 I have been using this shampoo for about 10 years and this is a horrible knockoff . There is no fragrance plus it is very runny whereas the real product is very thick . I want the real shampoo for the price I paid . Too bad I did n't do my research before ordering it .
 This product was much runnier than what you 'd buy in the salon . Very disappointed in this purchase . Wo n't buy again .
 This product will NOT `` diminish appearance of fine lines '' . I have a lot of experience with chemical peels , and a 20 % AHA is way to weak . The product itself is ok . It 's just a weak acid mixed into a lotion . But it 's very expensive and it 's smaller than my hand . Only 1 ounce -LRB- 30g -RRB- for 47 Dollars ? Ridiculous . Would not recommend .
 Hi , I did n't like this product as well as the hair serum . It just seemed to weigh my hair down rather than plump it up .
 it is not working well that i expected.it did not shave callus well enough.should be more sharp . thanks
 I HAVE BEEN A LONG FAN OF TWEEZERMANS ' PRODUCTS UNTIL NOW . I FOUND THESE BLADES TO BE SO DULL THAT AT WHATEVER PRICE YOU 'LL BE PAYING TOO MUCH . BEING THAT I KNOW THIS PRODUCT , I HOLD THE MANUFACTURER RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SUB QUALITY OF THE BLADES . SUB SEQUENTIALLY , CAUSING ONE TO MAYBE ORDER MORE OFTEN , MAYBE ? WELL , I 'M NOT DOING IT , I 'M SWITCHING PRODUCTS . SAVE YOUR MONEY I WISHED I HAD DONE SO !
 Razors are breaking at once . I tried them on soft skin , dry skin . Result is the same . I spent entire kit on 2 sessions
 I bought this based on a rec from a youtube user ad after consulting the Joe Blasco website in an effort to cover dark circles . This is too light . This may work on olive tones at best but not on skin darker than that . You may also want an emollient with it , it 's pretty dry on its own though others have given it good reviews on MUA .
 This product did n't work at all for me . It has minimal coverage , turning brown spots greyish . Not very attractive ! If you are looking for a decent product , go to the drugstore and check the Maybelline section for Dream Mousse Concealer . It does a much better job at a fraction of the cost .
 Terrific product that really does what it purports to do . Leaves your skin literally sparkling ! I use it on my face s well as body . Has a minty feel and smell . It is good to use an exfoliation particularly if you are using a self tanner . The only reason I gave this product a 2 * is because I found it at Macy 's website -LRB- same size -RRB- for $ 22 . That is a significant difference in price!I was surprised because I usually buy at amazon because I have prime and I usually get a better deal but it is always a good idea to check prices elsewhere .
 On the advice of an asthetician friend , I bought this as a cheap introduction to hyaluronic based treatments based on other reviews . Not pleased with this product . It soaks in fast , but makes my skin feel tight , dry , and sticky like I spread honey on it and sat in the sun . Ick ! Then later either the product or my skin flakes off in fine scales . Double ick ! I have seen very good reviews for this product so it may just not be compatible with my skin type , but even under thick moisturizer it leaves me feeling dry .
 The perfume is great . However , it was a sample that is supposed to be free ! It is clearly marked `` Not for sale . '' Ca n't believe I paid $ 9.94 for this item .
 I ca n't believe I just paid for these two small vials of perfume when they clearly say `` NOT FOR RESALE '' ~ what company does things like this ? I would NEVER purchase from this company again ~
 vienna have other products that is very good , but this one i think is the worst one she have . for that prise i thought that will be something really good . i just waste my money . the produt is a powder that you need to mix it with water to scrub your face it 's very missy . it took for ever to clean it from the face . is just a waste of time and money that 's all .
 Good-light-warm-cheapBad-easily torn-not good slippers for summer time-doesnt last long-small if your foot-size is larger than 9Tip for those who have foot-size larger than 9 : you ca n't make this longer -LRB- this is long enough no worry -RRB- , but you can loosen it by stretching its upper part -LRB- it will make some sound like tearing apart , but it works anyway -RRB- I want to recommand ppl to pay little more to buy better one .
 This color , electric lizard , does not work on dark brown hair . I 've had other panic colors , and they stain perfectly , but this one was a dud . Unless you are going to be under a blacklight , do n't bother .
 Washed out way too quickly . The initial color was really nice , but after a week , it faded into pink . Do n't waste your money on this .
 I really like MP , the Atomic Turquoise has been my `` staple '' color for a while but every now and then , I like to switch it up.I tried the Cotton Candy for October/Breast Cancer Awarness and was very disappointed with how it did not grab my hair - and I have been dying my hair for a very long time , I know how to do it ; my hair -LRB- that I use MP on -RRB- is bleached white , I have zero oils or conditioners when I apply color , I use heat periodically on the color during processing and I rinse with the coolest water I can bear . I am no stranger to chemicals in my hair . This Cotton Candy color just would not soak in , it felt like oil and water trying to mix . I washed a week later and it just came right out.I ended up mixing the leftover color with my leftover Atomic Turquoise for a violet color.So this time I tried Rock and Roll Red , all color has been removed , new growth bleached - fresh blank canvas . RRR went in beautifully , left in for an hour or more , rinsed out and it was hot pink . Amazing color but not the the color I wanted , not the color the jar said not what I wanted at all . I will look for a better red that gives me a nice dark blood color and hopefully correct this wrong color .
 I 've been using Manic Panic since I discovered it 's not as thick and ` toothpastey ' as other semi-permanent dyes . The texture is closer to a thick conditioner , and I like how it does n't take as long to rinse out.It froths up , and the color seems to sink right into your hair ... or at least it did.I tried this new color , and boy am I disappointed ! It has the same thick , pasty , toothpaste-like consistency of other semi-permanent colors , like Raw and Special Effects . Not the smooth , creamy consistency I 'm used to . It also has the same tendency to stain everything instantly , while dying and washing out . My skin looks like the blueberry kid from Willy Wonka . Also , it did n't go in smooth and creamy like I 'm used to from Manic Panic , and it dried out my hair.Normally , when I use MP , my hair ends up softer , not more brittle . Disappointed in the new color , I went back to my Shocking Blue.Normally when I buy Manic Panic , it has a plastic seal on the outside as well as a foam seal on the inside of the cap . However , the new ones are missing this , and even my old tried and true Shocking Blue had the same gross texture as the new Rockabilly Blue I just tried . Thick , more dry , and pasty . Plus , the color was several shades darker than I was used to , and did n't ` foam ' like it normally does when you comb it through . It also left my hair more brittle , and washed out to a gross gray almost immediately.I bought it from two different stores , which leaves me to believe MP changed their formula to make it more like their competitor 's . Which is a disappointment . If I wanted Raw , I 'd buy Raw.I hope if they did change something , they 'll change it back to what I 'm used to : -LRB- As for the Rockabilly Blue specifically , because of the dryer texture , it grabbed in spots . It was harder to comb through , and so took unevenly . The color is strong even on my highlighted black hair .4 stars for color , 1 star for texture .
 The product features pretty much lie when they say that the fading is gradual . The first time I washed this it turned my hair downright moldy-looking . Although , this could probably be the fact that it is turquoise . I bought this because when I think turquoise , I think a pretty bluegreen shade . This made me look kinda gross . I found this product very frustrating , and probably would not recommend it to a friend .
 My hair was almost white as it was without this toner . Still that pale yellow , in pretty good condition after bleaching it up from red.I told my mother before we put it in my hair , that if it could n't take my current -LRB- Almost white -RRB- hair color up to a reasonable white -LRB- even an off white -RRB- then it was just worthless.Well guess what?It 's worthless.I bought two of them , left one in overnight for 8 hours , a few strands of my hair that were already white from bleach were a bit whiter , the soft light yellow was n't even dented.If you want white hair , go with another product . This will not help you , as hopeful as I was , this is the second time now I 've attempted using this and everytime it 's just done nothing . For ~ 10 dollars , there are other things you can buy that will actually make a difference .
 So when you initially dye your hair with this , it 's a really pretty lillac . You really need to goop it on too , it 's pretty faint . But it comes out very nicely . However , by the next morning , it has already faded considerably . And then you wash it and boom , it 's faint to the point of being invisible . I re-dyed it the day after but it did n't hold any better ... Recommended only if you 're interested incredibley temporary dye . Also , I was only doing 2 - 3 chunks of hair , so get multiples . You have to really slop it on so if you 're doing your whole head , you 'll definietly need more than 1 . It gets 2 stars because I love the color and want it to work !
 First off let me say that IN GENERAL I love manic panic . I 've used their Vampire Red and After Midnight Blue amongst others with no problem whatsoever.But the Virgin Snow toner just simply did not do ANYTHING , which for over 10 bucks was very frustrating.I made sure my hair was a VERY light blonde , in good enough condition , clean enough , etc-I mean basically I 've been dyeing my hair long enough to know what I 'm doing-and after washing the stuff out my hair still had the same amount of yellow as before.I 'm sure this works fine for some people , and at least it did n't damage my hair.Honestly though I 've had more extreme and overall better results so far with using Clairol Shimmer Lights conditioner to tone the yellow out .
 On Wednesday , I purchased 2 jars of Manic Panic Rockabilly Blue to dye my hair . It is now Saturday and I wake up every morning on the verge of tears!For the past 3 days I have been completely covered in blue dye.My neck and face are both raw from constantly trying to not look like a character from Avatar.Yesterday I realized wiping off the blue is pointless considering the ridiculous amount of color transfer that happens no matter what I do.The dye has now permanently stained my neck , face , nails and hands blue.After trying to find some way to stop the blue from bleeding and transferring , I found out that I am not the only one that is having issues with the Rockabilly Blue hair dye.This is part of a product review of Rockabilly Blue from here on Amazon : `` After the intial terrible result , I googled `` Rockabilly Blue , Manic Panic '' and found numerous complaints . The company should have taken this off the market until they could get it right . I wo n't use their products again without looking for consumer complaints and calling to make sure they have no issues with the color she wants . It 's a shame really , because they do have good products , but this one is NOT . `` This lady also mentions in her review that her teenage daughter spent 3 DAYS CRYING!I can not believe that Manic Panic still has a product on the shelves that is SO AWFUL it is making people CRY.I have NEVER had such an awful experience with hair dye in my life ! My entire house is BLUE . As are many towels , my whole white netbook is BLUE , pillow cases . . BLUE , my couch . . BLUE , all my hair brushes . . BLUE . Everything this is BLUE!I have already returned the product to the store where I got it and they could n't believe how I looked.My entire face , neck , back , hands , legs , feet , nails . . IT 'S ALL BLUE !!! This IS NOT SUPPOSED TO HAPPEN!Also , the directions on the jar . . are NOTHING like the ones under the `` TIPS '' page on Manic Panic 's website.These are the directions on the jar : `` Shampoo hair using a pH balanced shampoo.Towel dry hair.Empty desired amount of Manic Panic Semi-Permanent Color Cream into a coloring bowl.Apply evenly with a tint brush . Do not apply to scalp but 1/2 '' from scalp.Saturate hair thoroughly . Comb evenly through the hair until it becomes frothy.leave on hair for 15-30 minutes.For added intensity heat may be used . Rinse hair thoroughly away from face . `` You will notice the directions on the jar of Rockabilly Blue NEVER mentions how much to use . . ANYWHERE ON THE JAR.Seems like Manic Panic never bothered to change the instruction on the jar.They could have at least stuck a paper sticker over the label with the PROPER DIRECTIONS!This is what I found AFTER dying my hair , from Manic Panic 's website : `` Rockabilly -LRB- tm -RRB- Blue Hair Color TipsManic Panic has just released Rockabilly -LRB- tm -RRB- Blue Hair Color for our 35 year `` Manniversary '' . It is our highest pigmented hair color and should be used sparingly . Here are a few tips to `` Rock '' this color : Always wear protective coloring gloves when applying and rinsing color outMake sure to use petroleum jelly or a thick conditioner around the hairline and ears to prevent any unwanted stainingApply to dry hair sparingly , this color is so strong you wo n't need a lotComb through to make sure it is applied evenlyLet process until hair color dries , this will prevent any unwanted bleedingPut on protective gloves . Do not Rinse hair in the Shower.Rinse with cool water away from the face !! Rinse until water runs clear , this may take some time but it 's worth itOnce water runs clear , apply a thick conditioner to hair and rinse again until water runs clear `` How is it okay to have the directions leave out some of the most important parts of the directions?Also , no where on the jar does it mention anything about doing the first rinse with vinegar . . but it says on Manic Panic 's website site that this is an important step . WHY IS N'T IT ON THE JAR THEN !!!??? I understand that a little bit of bleeding and transfer is normal , but this is practically driving me INSANE!After 3 days , an entire bottle of shampoo , 4 vinegar rinses , destroyed towels , a ruined white house , a ruined white couch and A TON of mental anguish , I am about to shave my head just to STOP THE BLUE FROM GETTING EVERYWHERE ! I have n't been able to touch my head in 3 days . My boyfriend ca n't even come anywhere near me without getting his face and arms covered in blue dye ! THIS IS AWFUL !! After this experience , I will NEVER use Manic Panic on my hair again.I model for a living and I have had to cancel all my photo shoots for the next week because I CAN NOT have my picture taken covered in BLUE DYE!So not only do I feel like crying every time I look in the mirror , but this product has also made it so I am unable to do my job !! Considering this appears to be a KNOWN PROBLEM with this product and it should by now come with a WARNING and PROPER DIRECTIONS , I am currently contacting Manic Panic looking for some sort of reimbursement for the ridiculous amount of stress and mental anguish I have dealt with since purchasing and using this product .
 I bought this in the hopes of returning my hair back to jet black -LRB- after totally screwing it up ... -RRB- It did n't work out so well . My hair was jet black for all of a day before it started to fade ... now its a rather light black / dark brown color ... Not at all what I was looking for . I prefer Splat 's version of jet black .
 It did n't do what I expected.It turned some of my white hair golden.I applied it a second time and it was no different .
 Apparently you have to have white-blonde hair for this pastel color to stick . I was totally unaware and could n't bleach my hair anymore without totally frying it , so now I do n't really know what to do with it ... : /
 I have very thin , black hair for starters . I bought the bleach kit , used it , had very pale , brown hair as a result . I used half of the jar of Lie Locks on the small amount of hair I wanted dyed , left it in for over 40 minutes before rinsing it out and all I got was one very pale streak of purple . So then I bleached the hair again , had it VERY light , and tried again with the other half of the jar . Left it in for over 40 minutes again , and even applied heat , but got the same exact results . Just one little streak of pale purple with the rest of the bleached hair simply darkened as if I hardly bleached it at all.Of course everything the dye touched that was n't my hair is beautiful and brightly colored .
 I was SO disappointed ! I had heard great things about this product , bought it , was super happy , then I dyed it ! I put plenty in , and followed directions , but it turned out as nothing , but my hair turned darker . I am trying to keep my hair naturally blond as long as I can , but it just made my hair darker and that 's all . And for when it does work , I heard it 's WAY too light . SO disappointed ! If I do buy from them again , I guess a darker color should be used !
 although i did use this after i had dyed my hair with another product , it turned my scalp bright red and made it feel really awful , itching and burning . faded quickly , and when i called manic panic about it the girl just gave me a nasty , snooty attitude
 I have never had a problem with Manic Panic before . I love their products . However , even after being left on for about an hour , the change in hair color was barely noticeable . It seems like someone stuffed the container with random blue gunk . Also a little strange that it didnt have any kind of seal ...
 I have been using Manic Panic colors for the last six or seven years . I have never had a problem with any color until recently , when I purchased Rockabilly Blue . It was the worst ! It does n't come off of the skin easily , it turned EVERYTHING blue , and it comes off on your hands when you run it through your hair ! It stained all kinds of things - my pillowcases , my couch , my clothes ... The worst part is that it did n't come out after two bleachings ... Also you can not cover it with other colors . For whatever reason , this color sticks very well to bleached hair and does n't allow other colors to absorb , either . So , when I bleached all of that hair again , including the roots , and put purple in , the roots were the only thing that turned purple - even the bleached blue did n't allow purple to stay ! :-LRB- I am very , very upset with this product . It was very disappointing .
 I applied Manic Panic Rockabilly Blue to my teenage daughter 's hair . She has had many shades of blue and this one looked like it would be the brightest yet . The color is stunningly blue . HOWEVER , the bleeding is horrendous . Her face , neck , ears , hands , and shoulders are BLUE !! Even after several shampoos , the color continues to bleed out everywhere . We have to spend 30 minutes in the bathroom every morning just cleaning up her face . Then it just returns in an hour , anywhere her hair has touched . I have never experienced anything like this . This product needs to be pulled from the shelves and reformulated to reduce the bleeding . I regret ever using this on my poor daughter . It is her choice to attend middle school in the midwest with blue hair . I commend and respect her bravery and sense of independence . She did not choose to attend middle school with blue skin .
 Did n't make my hair black . I followed the direction -LRB- I left it on longer actually -RRB- and it made my hair slightly darker -LRB- from blond -RRB- but it was not black . I 'll never buy this product again .
 Beware ! This dye is not based on red dye . It is orange that is dark enough to look red . I pre-bleached my tips and then used this dye two times for 30 minutes each time and after rinsing out the dye , my hair was left as light orange !!!
 I was hopeing for more of a black color but It 's a blue , green color and wan I put on my hair it do n't work at all !!! No color
 shipment came in a reasonable about of time , color just did n't show up at all , I 'm very disappointed that this product did n't work = /
 After using the Amplified Manic panic ultraviolet on my daughters bleached hair for the past 6 months , I accidentally bought a tub of this , the regular stuff . Big deal , I thought it just wo n't last as long right ? Wrong !!! It did n't take to her hair nearly as well . The top of her head came out close to right , but the length did n't take the color hardly at all , and actually came out looking greyish purple . From a distance it actually looked grey . I had the product thouroughly worked into her hair , and even left it on for about 6 hours under a cap . The product was the only difference from previous dye jobs . It is dramatically inferior .
 This product didnt work wth just one application . Where it did it was nice but my hair half looked yellow n the white so maybe i didnt do it right but it looked ridiculous on me anyway lol .
 Would not recommended either of these products . Makes ur hair turn yellow and ugly . Fried my hair also > : / 1 star for sure !!
 So I did not search for reviews of Rockabilly blue before I bought it and never thought I would have such a horrible experience dying my hair !! I did as I usually do with hair dye and applied it generously , using about 75 % of the bottle . It got everywhere , I turn blue every time I step in the shower and I even turn blue when I try to do my hair . I CAN NOT TOUCH MY HEAD WITHOUT STAINING MY HANDS . I dyed my hair on Tuesday . It 's still like this after several showers . I honestly do n't know what to do anymore and when I found out I was n't the only one who was having this problem , I was relieved . I have to sleep with an old t-shirt over my pillow so it wo n't stain . Next time when I use Manic Panic I will stick to using Atomic Turquoise because I 've never had any problems with that on . I gave this a 2 because although it 's a nightmare , the blue is amazing .
 Okay , for starters I have been dyeing my hair for eleven years and know what I am doing . My hair is naturally a very dark brown , so I lighten it using a violet based bleach and a lower level developing cream -LRB- I find it does less damage to the hair even if I have to leave it on a bit longer -RRB- , and I use a cuticle sealer and also a protein pre-dye treatment . Not only that but I have been dyeing my hair the same colours for most of those years . -LRB- For SpecialFX , Atomic Pink , Fishbowl , Blue Mayhem , Pimpin ' Purple , for Punky Colour , Flamingo Pink , Violet , Teal and whatever the dark blue is -RRB- . Due to a move to a different country -LRB- from the States to Germany -RRB- I had to hold off on dyeing my hair for quite awhile longer than I usually would as I was trying to find a place to purchase the things I would need . In a pinch , because the town I live in is very small and the only place that sells the items I wanted only sells to locally licensed stylists , that meant I had to turn to Amazon , and considering the cost of what I normally purchase -LRB- Punky or SpecialFX -RRB- I decided to go with Manic Panic.I wish I had n't wasted my time and money.Atomic Turquoise - on very well lightened , healthy hair , left on for 9 hours , it came out as ... looking like it will only take two or three shampoos before I 'm left with a chlorine green tint . -LRB- I used an entire jar of this to cover a third of my hair , while for Punky which has a smaller quantity in the jar manages to cover , saturate , pigment , etc , my hair PROPERLY and I only go through half the jar , go figure - ` savings ' right there eaten up and then some -RRB- Ultraviolet - this one is n't so bad , but still I will have to reapply it far sooner than is even remotely acceptable -LRB- say two weeks rather than the six to eight weeks I 'm used to for Pimpin ' Purple or Violet -RRB- . The dye itself is runny , does n't coat well , and slips from your hair rather than staying in place during the dying process . I 'm unsatisfied with the colour , but that is a matter of preference.Shocking Blue - if this lasts more than three washes I 'll be surprised.Pretty Flamingo - unlike other brands that say `` flamingo '' this is like the coral coloured tips of a flamingo 's feathers and very washed out , unlike the bright fuchsias or strong pinks or purple tinted pinks of other brands . Frankly it 's hideous . It is n't even bright . Not even on nearly white hair.ManicPanic was a * horrible * investment and I should n't have deviated from my usual preferences . While true everyone has different hair , different porosity and different expectations , my expectations and experience is that if I have to leave semi permanent dye on for more than 4hrs to have a hope of gaining pigmentation - it is worthless . If I have to redye my hair in less than a month - again , worthless . If the application is like taking a bottle of watered down yogurt and glooping it on my head so it slides everywhere - worthless . -LRB- For the record no I did not gloop and pour the contents of the ManicPanic jar over my head , but even with a tint brush it still managed to do just that . -RRB- Yes , my preferred brands and colours cost more initially , but for pigment and durability - my time is also money , you know ? If this could have a negative review , I would give it without thought . If you 've used ManicPanic and it works for you - good on you . But it did n't for me and I do n't see how it could for others after getting a good look at how the product coats or depth of the pigments .
 Does give some highlights and will not do much damage to hair , but the color could be a little more noticeable . I tend to get more compliments when I use Jerome Russell on my hair . His color is more noticeable though he rinses out fast too . Manic Panic just is n't strong enough for my hair I guess .
 I have blonde hair -- a combination of medium blonde and light blonde . I dyed some of my hair with this , and it did n't take very much at all -- if your hair is bleached blonde , then this would work . Otherwise , opt for a darker colour .
 This was a waste of time and money!A lot of people said that you could use it on unbleached hair , it is a LIE ! I tried to use it on my black hair and it did n't show any change . Then I bleached my hair and when I tried to dye my hair with the after midnight blue dye it turned in to a greenish blue ! Also a friend of mine who has light blonde hair tried a little bit and it turned green!It was terrible!My hands got more color than my hair.I would n't recommend this to anyone !
 DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS SELLER ! I JUST GOT MY PACKAGE AND I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED . I PAID ALMOST $ 11 FOR THIS TINY BOTTLE THAT IS LITERALLY HALF THE SIZE OF MY CELL PHONE -LRB- galaxy s3 -RRB- !!!! THIS IS A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY !!!! I THOUGHT I WAS BUYING A BIG JAR OF THIS STUFF TO LAST ME AT LEAST A YEAR !! THIS LITTLE THING WO N'T LAST MORE THAN 2 USES !!! BUYER BEWARE !!!
 it didnt work at all . but i think it 's all my fault so i really ca n't say if it 's a good product or not when used correctly .
 First I 'm pretty sure I already wrote a review for this . Second I had to buy the bleach for it to even work even though i have dark blond hair . Third after two weeks the color washed out and it is n't even noticeable . Do n't waste your money on it use a different brand .
 I love manic panic products , but I 'll never be buying this particular dye again . The runoff from rinsing it out stained my tub , shower curtain , and most of my skin blue . Normally with manic panic products any staining will wash off fairly quickly - not the case here . I spent more than half an hour scrubbing and my hands and feet are still VERY blue.My hair , by the way is also very blue . Not green . It 's navy blue . My hair was bleached to a light blonde when I applied the dye , so I honestly do n't know why the color is so off . It 's still a pretty color , so that part is n't too upsetting , but it 's still not at all the color it was supposed to be.tl ; dr - I would highly recommend every hue of manic panic dye EXCEPT THIS ONE .
 The turquoise color is nice at first , but honestly to get it vibrant , you have to leave it in for an hour or more . It also fades VERY quickly . I grabbed this dye instead of Special Effects which is what I usually use . Never again . The dye is runny and just kinda goes everywhere . I get a ton of compliments when it 's freshly dyed , but otherwise it gets called a green color . It 's an ugly green color too . I ca n't wait until I can dye over this with some Special Effects .
 I put this in , expecting it to work since it cost so much . Alas , not only did it hardly dye any of my hair , the portion that it did dye came out a hideous color nothing like it was supposed to . I even took the extra measure of leaving it in twice as long as I needed too , just to make sure the color soaked in , since i always do that when I dye my hair and it works incredibly well . I have dyed my hair various colors at least 10 times , and it has never turned out so badly . Even the time I had to mix 6 different hair dyes and some water together to get enough to cover my whole head turned out better than this . I will never be buying anything from manic panic ever again . They have ruined my Halloween costume with their horrible product . I just hope I can find a way to cover this up before school tomorrow so I do n't have to break my arm to get out of going to school .
 I am so disappointed in Manic Panic Rockabilly Blue ! I 've used MP products on my teen daughter 's hair in the past , with good results . On 7/4 , we tried to dye her hair Rockabilly Blue , to go with her white T and red jeans -LRB- get it , red , white , & blue for the 4th ? -RRB- , with disasterous results . Color did n't take , and would n't rinse until the water ran clear . Dried patchy , stained clothes , towels ... ugh.So here 's the tally : $ 25 for their bleach and dye2 hours bleaching2 hours dyeing3 hours rinsing3 days crying $ 30 in bleach and regular hair dye to fix the mess2 hours bleaching2 hours dyeing2 permanently stained towels2 ruined stained t shirts -LRB- their rep says wo n't happen , washes out . NOT -RRB- 2 emails and one phone call to the company -LRB- still waiting for a call back -RRB- 1 discouraged girl1 really ticked off mom.After the intial terrible result , I googled `` Rockabilly Blue , Manic Panic '' and found numerous complaints . The company should have taken this off the market until they could get it right . I wo n't use their products again without looking for consumer complaints and calling to make sure they have no issues with the color she wants . It 's a shame really , because they do have good products , but this one is NOT .
 The seller was great , shipping went wonderfully . But this dye would not take , I tried three times . Placing it over my pale green , bleaching it again then applying next day and leaving it on all night . I would only get a few purplish my little pony style streaks . So I would n't reccomed this .
 Yes the frangrance is long-lasting but It smells very sweet , very similar to Joop , personally this is not my type of cologne .
 The product was shipped from Hongkong where as I know has lots of fake kose products . Every time I use it I can smell alcohol which I do n't think Kose Medicated Sekkisei should contain.I did a research about kose all it 's products should have four digital product number , but this one has six !
 I am very displeased with this product , as a matter of fact I 'm in the process of sending it back to you . There was hair in the blade , even after cleaning it I still attempted to use it . It would n't cut hair or anything else for that matter even if my life depended on it . I was very disatisfied .
 I loved the size of the bottle since it fits nicely in my purse . However , I do n't think it works very well . I had high expectations for this product since most reviews I read online are good . In my opinion it 's nothing great I have many lotions that moisturize much better than this did . The WORST part of this product would be the smell ! It has a very nasty aroma to it . It is the worst smelling lotion I have EVER tried . I would n't waste any money on this again . I 'm extremely disappointed in this .
 I used Udderly Smooth Udder Cream for many years but since they recently changed their formula I am no longer a customer . The formula used to be Allantoin , Dimethicone , lanolin oil , and Propylene Glycol in an Emollenient base . Whether I got too much sun or my skin was too dry , it made my skin feel wonderful . Now the formula contains Deionized water , Stearic Acid , Peg 2 Stearate , propylene glycol , isopropyl myristate , dimethicone , lanolin oil , mineral oil , triathanolamine , allantoin , methylparaben , propylparaben , fragrance and it just does n't feel the same . But mostly , I will no longer buy it because it contains parabens which may be linked to breast cancer . As a recent breast cancer survivor I am very careful about the products I use on my skin .
 I heard about this Udderly Smooth from a coworker whose daughter is in diabetic and used these products . I also saw many good reviews about this cream and tried it . It did n't moisturize my hands and felt very watery . I do n't expect this as a heavy cream or oily but after severaly weeks of applying to my hands , I threw away all the bottles . I never feel moisturized , not even just after applying this cream . Imagine if you want to use this for your feet ... If you are very intersting in these USmooth just because of such great reviews , try a tiny amount from local stores first .
 When using this cream I added a natural oil which helped somewhat . The cream alone did not help with my dry skin . I wo n't be buying again .
 Do not use if you have acne prone skin . I ended up with a massive breakouts everywhere the Eucerin cream was used.To test if it was this product causing the breakouts I switched out this Eucerin wrinkle cream for another moisturizer and maintained the same routine for two weeks -LRB- the acne cleared up and was no more than usual -RRB- . I then switched back to the Eucerin cream while maintaining the same facial routine as before and , within a week , my face broke out terribly again.This Eucerin cream might be a good product for wrinkles but not for those with acne prone skin .
 I 've come to the conclusion if the product is advertised as Anti-Wrinkle it ai n't going to work and more than likelydo nothing but lay on your skin like a mast.Olay Regenerist is the same way it actually feels like heat on your skin . This one doesnt feel like that , it just feels like you are wearing a mask and the pores in your face are clogged.After seeing the horrors of plastic surgery and the Contour debacle where threads are inserted into your skin to pull the face up ... frankly just face the fact your never going to look like your were even in your 40 's . Time and nature will have their way with you . Matter of a fact if wrinkles are all you have got , be glad there are so many ills and deseases to confront you as you make this short journey in your life , just be yourself .
 The description on box says NON-COMEDOGENIC ! That is a LIE!I used this product on one side of my face for a few days ! The comedones appeared on ONLY that side ! Then I stopped . The comedones went away . Then I tied again , on only one side of my face ! The comedones came back after a week ... I accept that that the fine wrinkles were very slightly diminished , but the announced ` sensitivity ' advertisements about not making irritations or comedones is complete LIES ! THROW THIS 60 dollar Product back at the seller rather than use it !
 Often after shampooing -LRB- with various products -RRB- I would get a dry or tight scalp and itchy feeling that could be quite intense.Scalpicin usually helped with the immediate symptoms but I thought this product might have more of a preventative effect.Clearly this stuff helps some people but for me it had no noticeable effect at all on my symptoms . And the thick consistency made it hard to apply evenly as I have long hair .
 It does not make any flakes go away , in fact they get A LOT worse after using as recommended . Maybe for an hour , the product allows you to `` control '' the flaking . I 'm SURE there are better products or better ways of doing this.The product contains Ether and Salicylic Acid . My opinion is that these two ingredients are the products downfall . Both drying and irritating , these may actually tear up the `` good '' skin cells that are left on the scalp .
 Judging by the price , I assumed I was getting a full-size -LRB- 12-ounce -RRB- bottle . Surprise ! It 's only 4 ounces . I paid full price and got 1/3 the value I was expecting . Try another vendor ; I 'm surprised Amazon does business with this one .
 I have dry , sensitive skin , and I hoped that this soap would be an effective and gentle cleanser . But it was a disappointment . The first thing I noticed about it when I opened the package was the strong fragrance . No product for sensitive skin should contain perfume of any kind . This soap does not lather well . It does not do an effective job of removing makeup . It is also very messy in a soap dish , leaving a thick puddle of white residue . There are far better soaps on the market for sensitive skin , and I recommend you avoid this one.Eileen Rieback
 This product does not work on my hair or my daughters hair as well as i thought it would . It does not seem to straighten it beyond a wave . My hair is not curly , it is only wavy , so i figured it would actually straighten my hair , but the performance is just not there.We are not satified with this product .
 I was unimpressed . The plates did not close down enough to remove all of the frizz from my ends . I have naturally curly hair , not too thick ... like medium and my coils are medium . I had to have made at least 6 or 7 passes before I just decided to take it back . I will say this , the plates and the glide were super smooth - that was a good thing about it ; and it also heated up as fast as all other flat irons i 've had . However , it also did not have a swivel cord which was n't something I was thrilled to discover .
 I have fine , thin , with little wavy hair -LRB- so I need little straightening -RRB- and even with the temperature control this straightener left my hair dry and brittle . My hair was frizzy and looked awful after using this for just one day . I did give it another chance and got the same result ... It definitely got my hair straight but also made it look really bad ... I returned it .
 I have VERY long and thick hair . I already have a straightening iron that was quite expensive . It just has a much smaller plate . So because I got the curling iron of this brand I figured I 'd try the wider plate straightening iron . So not worth it . Not only did it not work very well on my hair but the notch on the inside pulled my hair out like mad ! It hurt like heck and did n't do anything for my hair . I 've already sent it back for a refund .
 Took 9 days to receive . Hate it . While it straightens your hair it leaves it looking frizzy . If you leave the comb on , it pulls your hair out . If you remove the comb , it pulls your hair out where the comb was . Makes your hair looked very fried . I will go back to CHI .
 I bought 1 Babyliss Porcelain Ceramic 11/2 '' Flat Iron BAB2590 , but the product does n't work properly . It smells burned and while I am using it , it starts to get cold . Then I have to stop using it for a few minutes and wait it get hot again.With all this problems if I want to return the product I had to pay the shipping.I 'm really disappointed .
 I liked this flat iron for a while . . but I bought in July 2012 and it died in December 2012 . I 've gone through several flat irons over the last 10 years or so and they all seem to break at some point . But I tried Babyliss thinking it was a good brand - I did not expect it to die after only 5 months . It turns on now - I see the light - but it does not heat up . I am now going to invest in a more expensive flat iron so hopefully I do n't have to buy a new one so often .
 This straightener is not good by any stretch . I am a babyliss fan , and this one was terrible ! spend an extra $ 20 - $ 30 and get one that works well !!!
 I just want to say that I bought this because it was the Porcelain Ceramic I was looking for so I orderd it it had the sleek look not to bulky as some are an how ever I was attempting to do my daughter hair with it an the HEAT SUCKS on it it doesnt get as HOT as it says it does I would ` nt order this if you want the stlye of shine an flow this is not the ONE for hair
 I bought this straightener for my wife , based on largely positive reviews at the time . It worked well for her for two years . In December 2012 it stopped heating . The light changes from red to green when `` ON '' is pressed , but heating elements are not warming up . So that 's it . Babyliss is dead.I suppose the logical argument is
 The same day i received this product , i plugged it in for 1st use . I smelled plastic burning so i unplugged it and saw that the plastic had melted over the plates . It was completely defective . I contacted the seller and he insisted that i replaced the new one he sent me with one i had already owned . He emailed me a few very vulgar nasty emails so i filed a complaint with amazon and am still awaiting a refund !
 I received the device and it was working for about 2.5 wks , then just all of the sudden died . Had to call manufacturer for a replacement and was told I was responsible for paying for the shipping to the warehouse , as well as the shipping to myself , bc there 's a 14 day return policy
 My daughter has long thick hair , it kept grabbing her hair and it smells like it is burning.I bought two of them , we are n't using either of them .
 I decided to order this flat iron based on the good reputation of the brand that I had heard about . I received it on 12/6 but never used it until last night ,12 / 21 after wrapping some gifts I decided to treat myself by flat ironing my hair which I only do in the winter . I set the temperature between 390 and 420 and after about ten minutes of using the flat iron -LRB- and getting my hair pulled out buy the comb on the flat iron -RRB- , I began to smell something that smelled a little off I looked at the flat iron and plastic around the plates were melting . I slid my fingers over the hair that had been straightened and looked at them . They were covered in black and sliver almost flakes .
 The bath soak had a hint of eucalyptus that was overwhelmed by rancid odors . I was not able to even use it . The ingredients list is not the same on every bottle . Is Aubrey 's experimenting with the formula because of this problem ? Also , I wonder if they do any stability testing of this product - perhaps Aubrey 's preservative just is n't working .
 if you are looking for beautifull curls at the moment is awesome ! , but 10 minuts latter it looks like you had flat iron = -LRB-
 Not all what I expected . Will never wear it . Said it smells like a pina colada ... it does n't . Not distinquishable scent really ... just ... chemicals . Yuck
 I ca n't prove it , but the one I bought at Macy 's was much more subtle and also had a slightly different bottle . It has a slightly masculine smell that I did n't notice in my previous buy . Is n't a knock off illegal ? Unless it says so and is less expensive , I believe it is , an SHOULD be ! Well , I 'd like to report to Amazon that I think this is an illegal knock off !
 Quite honestly . . I believe the product I received is a fake , imposter cologne . I have a bottle of the real stuff which I have had for years and I am very familiar with what its supposed to smell like . The first thing that clued me into this though , before I even sprayed it was that the logo printed on the new bottle does match identically to the old bottle . But more importantly than appearances , the smell of the cologne from the new bottle has a much more powdery aroma than that of the old bottle . My girlfriend confirms this suspicion as well . I actually was trying to give it the benefit of the doubt , but she insists its not real . It simply does not smell identical to that of the old bottle . I 'm very disappointed and will never purchase from this company again .
 This product is way over priced you are paying for 1oz size what other sites charge for the 3.4 oz size ... very disapointed will send back ASAP
 At first I was so thrilled with this product , but after using it a couple of times , I realized the scent is completely gone ... this can not be real Joy ... my last bottle of Joy brought compliments at the end of the day when I used it at the beginning of the day ... this does not last until I am out of the house ... very sorry I spent so much money on something that I do not believe is real ... Is it too late to return it ??? I hate that I paid so much for this product.Amazon has since credited me for this disappointment , thank you , Amazon
 This perfume smells like old lady , it 's way too strong and old fashioned . I bought it because I saw it in a movie , I had to give it away . Did n't like it .
 I bought this item as a anniversary gift for my wife . The perfume was suppose to be brand new in box , it was not . They did give me a refund .
 I bought this on the recommendation of a colleague who said his wife loved this fragrance . To me it 's far to powdery and dated & seems to be a product to cover up someone 's body scent rather than add to it . Very `` elderly lady '' fragrance in my opinion .
 I have read so much about Joy by Jean Patou that I finally broke down and ordered a bottle . The scent is very heavy and cloying . I will not wear it .
 Stay away from this POS . It 's junk . I would be embarrassed to be seen with it in a hotel .
 Sandalwood is my number favorite scent . I found this soap stinky . I do n't remember why since the wrapper and the soap are long gone . There was something else in there . Stick to the original scent .
 I rec 'd this product all messed up . The cover was loose and it was NOT sealed -- the seal was broken . I contacted `` customer service '' and was greeted by a rather rude , crass , and perharps hungry individual ; I was halfway through explaining the product 's condition when she barked that she had all the lines forwared to her , so she could not help me . I asked for someone else who could/would help , she refused , stating that I need to keep calling until the lines were back to their rightful departments -LRB- s -RRB- ?? She did sound hungry and frustrated . Why would anyone hire such young , inexperienced , classless individuals is beyond me.Never agin will I order from this seller . I did not even get the chance to explain exacyly what I just stated here ... I was NOT givenn the chance to do so ... shame !
 When Jergens first came out with a shave minimizing lotion it worked great for me . After using it for a month I did n't have to shave my legs for a whole month after that . Then they changed the formula and it did n't work very well.This seller is offering less than 10 oz . for almost $ 40 , including shipping . That is way overpriced for this product .
 Moisturizing lotion - yes . Did it help with the stubble ? No . Now , i 'm no sasquatch but i am a brunette . As directed , i used this stuff for a couple weeks . Nothing . Then i kept it up for the month . Nada . My leg hair had n't softened or thinned or anything.Pass it up , ladies . Just keep shaving .
 Your Hair Feels like ruber -LRB- if u like that this is the product for you -RRB- I recomend Kusco and Murphy `` Beach Hair '' , That is Great but it is not sold on amazon .
 The lotion is thick and rich , which is nice , but I can only use it on my lower body -LRB- and only until I finish the bottle -RRB- because the fragrance is so very mighty . If I use it on my arms , I 'll smell artificial cake batter all day . Really , all day . I 'd put it on in the morning and , hours later , it 'd be so noticeable that I 'd try to cover up the smell with another lotion . It 's persistent , and it 's definitely not natural.I also had bought the Lavender scent , which seems to derive its scent from essential oils . I decided to try vanilla this time , though , and after finding myself walking around in a cloud of fake vanilla perfume , I read the ingredients more closely . `` Natural vanilla fragrance . '' I 'm not sure what they mean by that . From what I understand `` fragrance '' indicates a synthetic perfume . My nose seems to confirm that . What a `` natural '' fragrance is , then , I do not know -LRB- an oxymoron ? -RRB- , but I can tell you it 's not simply an extract or an essential oil - a natural scent would dissipate in minutes , not pursue you all day . Besides , the smell is more akin to cheap cake mix than pure vanilla.If you think Bath & Body Works smells great , then go ahead & try this stuff . But if you are fragrance sensitive or seeking a natural product , look elsewhere .
 Think carefully about why you want this towel before you buy it . If you need a towel that dries quickly -LRB- like for the beach -RRB- , then this would be great for you . If you do n't need the towel dry until the next time you take a shower , then probably a less expensive towel would do just as well . What I do n't like about the towel is that it rubs/drags across wet skin instead of glides the way a cotten towel does . It does NOT feel soft and luxurious . It dries quickly and takes up very little space , but it does not feel good .
 Well , the reviews made it seem dreamy , but it 's not quite there for me . The fabric is thin , so it makes it a bit strange to dry yourself off.Also , it 's a cream color , and not white at all - I 'm disappointed in that , for sure.I think I 'll go back to plushy cotton towels - this was a disappointment .
 I had read how nice microfiber towels were . I 'm certainly sorry I believed the people who said this . What a total waste of money . It took this towel , another small worthless micro fiber towel and a regular terry cloth towel to get my hair and myself dry after taking a shower and I have short hair . This microfiber towel was completely worthless as far as getting you dry . I could get drier using a thin worn out regular towel , than I did with this towel . I wish I could get my money back for the worthless thing .
 We were excited to try this towel after reading all the great reviews , and were really disappointed . We used it as a bath towel , and it 's just worthless . It pushes the water around by does n't absorb -- flat out , it does n't dry you . Or at least , it does n't feel like it 's drying you . Definitely not for everyone , and not for us .
 The product is fine . The scent a little weak . The bottle is not a shape that is easy to use . Possible a little pricey .
 I called Almay cosmetics to purchase additional creams and was told Almay stopped making ALL their skincare creams in 2005 . I notified Amazon and Beautytime 2 months ago that they were selling old product . They were to investigate ! I just received this offer to write a review!I did n't ask for a refund - just wanted to avoid someone having a reaction from using an out-dated product .
 I did n't like how it left my hair feeling sticky/oily/gross / what ever . I 'm a dude and my hair is black and somewhat course ; perhaps these are factors . I was looking for a shampoo product that did n't have ammonium/sodium laurate ... props to these guys for providing , but unfortunately this shampoo is n't quite compatible with my hair . In theory though , this is a very skin and body friendly shampoo , so if you 've never had a problem with shampoo leaving your hair feeling ` gross ' then totally give them a try , otherwise I recomend avoidance .
 I would rate this zero stars if I could . Now do n't think that something is wrong with the cologne as I have been buying it off and on for years . It has a scent that is wearable on a daily basis , it is light and crisp . I especially like it for summer time . Unfortunately I ordered this item 3 weeks ago and I still do n't have it . It was due on the 11th at the latest and it is now the 17th . Do n't worry it did n't come from Amazon even their free shipping gets to my house in less than 2 weeks and thats if they take their time . No mine was ordered from some place called Perfume Paradise . They are not only slow in getting me my product , when I emailed them I did n't even get a response from them . I never had such a problem with a seller . How rude do you have to be to ignore your customer . To not even answer when I ask a question . I sure hope they get their stuff together because the way I see it now , somebody who acts like that should n't even be allowed to sell on a reputable website like Amazon.com
 This product was recommended by the dental hygenist as a product that worked well for another patient of her 's . I found the taste of this product so awful that I found myself not using it at all . So I will never know if the benefits of it were beneficial as I just could not stomach the taste of this product .
 I was looking for a healthy mouthwash . I read the ingredients listed on Amazon ; everything looked ok . When I received my bottle of PerioWash , I tried it and it tasted fine -LRB- minty fresh -RRB- . Then I read the ingredients . I soon realized that the listed ingredients on Amazon were only a partial listing . PerioWash contains Methyl Paraben -LRB- the reason for my 1-star rating -RRB- . If you do n't mind consuming parabens , then PerioWash might work for you . Ingredients
 what item says in words has nothing to do with this picture . 1 oz tubes and 16oz bottle are not the same thing.this should be corrected .
 Nice flavor , all natural . Just did n't last too long . I recently purchased another oral rinse -LRB- Oragne lid , green bottle -RRB- that knocks this clear out the competition . It 's ok I guess .
 Used it once , only to discover the fine print behind
 I 've tried this mouth wash three times and each time ended up with a stomach ache , so I discontinued use . I was really hoping to find a natural mouth wash , but this is n't it for me .
 I bought four of these shower caps based on one glowing review . They would be good if they fit . Two out of the four are so small they fit like skull caps with an elastic band that is uncomfortably tight . A third fits but is still uncomfortable and would crush a new hairdo . One of the four is roomier and it is a good cap -- heavier plastic than usual.I am a small person -- 5 ' 2 '' '' and a size four . They obviously lack quality control . If you bought one it would be hit or miss with miss more likely .
 I ACCIDENTALLY PURCHASED CREAM RINSE INSTEAD OF SHAMPOO . THE DESCRIPTION COULD BE BETTER SO YOU CAN FIGURE OUT WHAT YOU ARE ORDERING .
 I have used this spray for over ten years . This is not the Bumble and Bumble formula . Looks different , smells slightly different , too `` wet '' , zero holding power . I tossed it -LRB- did not want to go through the hassle of returning it -RRB- . I am going back to the Bumble and Bumble website for ordering my products . I am tempted to alert Bumble and Bumble .
 I have ordered this hairspray many times and it has always been exactly what I expected . This time however I ordered two bottles and both seem to have been `` old '' . Whatever the active ingredient is that makes it `` Extra strength '' is not working . It will not hold my hair at all . I am now going to have to find another source .
 This straightener/curler seemed like a great deal . Straighten and curl with one tool . . great!First , it was impossible to lock the curler together . So I held it together by clamping the 2 plates shut with hy hand . The curler is HOT and I burned myself enough times to say forgetaboutit ! Its not worth the trouble . I had to curl my hair over and over again because the curler was n't hot enough . Hot enough to burn skin but not curl hair ? weird!Get a CHI instead . Its all you will ever need and curls hair too .
 My daughter gave me this product for Christmas two years ago . It was nice to have and worked for about a year . I probably used it less than ten times . The clock stopped working , I replaced the batteries and it still did n't work . I forgot about it and recently tried it again , forgetting that I had already replaced the batteries I again bought new batteries and tried it again - same thing . I emailed customer service twice and never heard from them . I finally found a phone number for them and called . I was informed that the model has been discounted and the clock can not be replaced , therefore the whole thing does n't work . So I ca n't do anything with it except throw it away . I will probably not buy this brand again .
 1 . It wo n't foam up into a gorgeous lather , especially if a Clarisonic is involved . With your hands , you 'll get something close to white streaks of soapyness .2 . It wo n't lift eye makeup , though if you try -LRB- and try again -RRB- , it wo n't sting .3 . It wo n't overly dry out your skin like say , Kate Sommerville . But it 's not necessarily gentle on skin that 's felt the side effects of Differin , Tazorac , etc. . The only cleanser I 've found that works for that is Nude Skincare Cleansing Wash. 4 . It wo n't leave an imprint of fragrance after washing -LRB- a plus in my book -RRB- .5 . It wo n't feel like money well spent . Sad face.Note
 I was extremely disappointed when I received this product . I have always loved the original version of this lotion in the white bottle with BLUE trim . It goes on so smoothly and has a really nice , light , fresh scent . Unfortunately it was discontinued and I have n't been able to find it anywhere until I searched one day and found it listed on Amazon . Since the photo clearly showed the white bottle with blue trim - the exact same bottle of the product I love - and the seller is called `` closeouts & discontinueds ; '' , I figured this had to be the right item , so I purchased the two that were left in stock immediately.Sadly , when the order arrived , I opened the box to find two bottles of the newer product - a white bottle with RED trim - and when I tried the lotion , it had a bland , almost chemical smell to it -LRB- supposedly `` fragrance free '' -RRB- . In short , this is NOT the item that was advertised , and although they may be described similarly , they are not the same product . I ended up being stuck with two bottles of crappy smelling lotion that I could have gotten at the drug store , except I paid more than twice what they cost in the drug store . So lame . If you 're looking for the lotion pictured in the product photo on this page , do n't buy it here - you wo n't get it .
 I received a free sample in the mail for St. Ives 24 Hour Moisture with Hydratein Advanced Therapy 14 FL oz Lotion For dry Skin -LRB- Buy 1 Get 1 Free -RRB- I was so impressed with how soft my skin was that I decided to buy more when I ran out.Unfortunately , I could n't find it in stores so I ended up with this St. Ives Intensive Healing lotion instead . I was really disappointed . My skin does n't feel soft or hydrated and I 've noticed that I get blemishes or bumps after use .
 Though I 've been a St. Ives user for a decent amount of time , I have become increasingly concerned with ingredients lists . Unfortunately , St. Ives is NOT vegan , containing stearic acid from pork , lanolin from wool , and animal-based glycerin and related ingredients . I was encouraged when I saw that St. Ives does not test on animals , but my encouragement quickly flew out the window when I realized the ingredients list contained far too many QUESTIONABLE chemicals -LRB- read about triethanolamine ! -RRB- AND animal products/by-products . Suddenly , my skin does n't feel so soft.Bye-bye St. Ives !
 after two months i still have not got my aftershave and company not replying now !
 when i try to cut my toenail it bends . the handle is too weak.i do have tough toenails .
 These clippers seemed a great idea , but sadly do n't work for heavy large toenails . The shafts are too insubstantial and bend so much the plastic handles touch , preventing the blades from cutting at all . Even if you distort them to allow the plastic handles to slide past each other , the shafts simply bend even further , leaving toenails laughing at you .
 The blades on the cutter are too thick to use . Maybe on an animal , but not on a human.The cutter can not be returned , which I did n't know until I received it.I would not recommend buying it to anyone ! BUYERS BEWARE !
 I recenty had hip replacement surgery and am unable to bend over very far or cross my leg to clip my toe nails . I did a search for `` long handeled toe nail clippers '' and this item came up . They are not really very long -- and the blades are too wide to be of much use for toe nails . They also are not as sharp as regular nail clippers . So -- I am glad they were not that expensive -- because they are useless to me .
 I figured this would smell OK if the Spelling empire had anything to do with it . Boy was I wrong . It smells awful on me . Maybe just a bad mix of my chemistry and the ingredients in this perfume , but I 'm sure glad I did n't pay a lot for it ...
 This is my second CHI in a little over a year . This second CHI no longer works after only a month . I think that you should only buy this product from a certified retailer .
 I bought this flat iron to replace an older 2 '' chi that was still working . I noticed that the iron does not get as hot as my older one . Also , the chi name has totally rubbed off the iron , something that has never happened to my older iron -LRB- 4 years old -RRB- or those of my daughters . The name ` global beauty network ' is also beginning to rub off the iron . I suspect this flat iron may not be an authentic Chi brand , but an imitation labeled as such ? I wondered how I was able to buy the product so much cheaper than other sites .
 This obviously was n't a real Chi . It worked for less than 2 weeks and then would n't turn on . The light would n't turn on and it would n't heat up . Very disappointed and will never buy from this seller again !
 When I would turn on this iron it would start to give a burning smell , when I contacted the seller , they replaced it for me . Now the new one 's ceramic plates are chipping off and thus burning my hair ! This item is fake , do not buy it ! I went to the Farouk website to find an approved retailer near me and bought a real one for only a little more then what I paid for this one . I suggest anyone who wants a real chi iron to do the same !
 I bought this product in July and after barely any use and not even getting close to dropping it , it has just stopped working ! I owned a real Farouk Chi straightener in high school that I bought at a salon and my little sister used to use it and drop it all the time and it still worked for years ! This is definitely not a genuine product .
 Bought a hair straightener 6 months ago . It stopped working a few weeks ago which is abnormal for any hair straightener , let alone one you use once a week . Contacted buyer and never got a response .
 I was able to use my flat iron ONCE . I was about to finish my hair and all of a sudden the little light went out and my iron went cold . I am not sure what happened but it did n't work any more . I would have loved to send it back for my money , but thinking it was a CHI , I thought I did n't need the box to send it back.I do n't know why it worked only once , but I wish it would have been better for the price I paid .
 When I received the straightener , it did n't even work . Last time I spend that much money on something over the internet . I did n't even get my money back for the money that it cost me to send the straightener back .
 I ordered this item and have had it less than 6 months , the plates are chipping and it is turning black . I had a REAL Chi for 6 years before I had any trouble with it -LRB- and the only trouble was the cord -RRB- . I am truly disappointed with this product that I have been using . It is unfortunate that people are no longer honest and do not say that they are selling an imitation . I may have purchased it anyway even if it was a knock off but they advertised it as the real thing . If you are looking for a good deal on a Chi you 'd be better to buy from someone reputable . This seller is not .
 The previous CHI I had purchased lasted for 2-3 years until it broke and I ordered this one online thinking it was an authentic CHI product on sale . To my disappointment , the straightener broke only 2 months after the purchase . Moral of the story is , buy the original product instead of wasting money on a product that will break soon after you buy it . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 Worked great for about two weeks and then just stopped . Naturally I had already thrown out the box , etc. so I guess I 'm just out the money . I knew the price was too good to be true ; what a waste .
 I had one that lasted more than 5 years until my son dropped it . This one is a lot lighter than the original one and it does n't heat up as much . I will get one from the salon next time . I do n't want to waste my money again .
 This product is not what i thought it was going to be . It doesnt get real hot , and takes 2 times longer to do your hair than usual .
 I wonder if the actual device is a Chi flat Iron . I know it came in a CHI box but that is it . Nothing else says CHI and I only had it for one month the words on the actual iron rubbed off in like a week . I am just not truly sure I received what I thought I was purchasing .
 I purchased this CHI straightening iron to replace the one I 've had for the last 7 or 8 years until I accently dropped it . This is definitely a fake and it nothing like the real thing . It looks like it but the quality is n't the same - the light blinks differently and the heat is n't as good . It 's probably better than a Conair or Remington but it 's no comparison to an actual CHI
 Fake chi ! I got it for my girlfriend and the white letters came right off with the wipe of a hand ! spend the extra dollar and get a real one at folica.comcasing on the original chi is heavy and heats up so that you can curl your hair very easily . on this one its some kind of thick plastic material that doesnt distribute the heat evenly enough to curl your hair . Very disappointed in this product .
 I ordered this product because I had my other Chi for about 3 years and figured it would be taking a crap on me pretty soon . This flat iron does not heat up therefore it takes double the amount of time to straighten my hair . DO N'T PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT FROM THIS SELLER . Unfortunately you can not return it , and there is no warranty . I guess you get what you pay for right ?
 This product pulled my hair when I used it . Must be something with the design on the corners that catches on hair . Vendor was completely unhelpful with my problem . I regret the purchase .
 Do not purchase anything from Todayz Dealz through Amazon.com or any other . They sell defective products !!! I recently purchased a Farouk Chi hair straightener and almost got electricuted from it . When plugged in it makes a fast clicking sound and then trips the circuit . Company says they are no longer selling items on here and wo n't replace my $ 70.00 hair straightener .
 My CHI model GF 1001 did n't even last one year ! The plates are chipping and now I need to buy a new one . I was n't aware that I bought a knock-off last year until I started searching for a new CHI and read the reviews . Very disappointed !
 Lost the warranty paper or else I would return . Only had product for two weeks and already broke . Brand new :-LRB- sad
 there is no heat setting , other than burning your hair ... It 's not smooth at all , it pulls at your hair as you pull it through . very unimpressed . I will stick with Paul Mitchell :-RRB- I guess I got what i paid for with this .
 Bought this for my wife . She loved it ... until it broke , 6 months later . Disgusting that we spent so much money on this `` amazing '' product . Once again , you pay for the name , and that 's it !
 I wish I could rate this -5 stars ... I bought a CHI Flat Iron and after three uses , literally 3 , it just stopped working ... I contacted the seller and they NEVER RESPONDED to my messages whatsoever . I will never buy from this person again .
 I ca n't believe my surprise when after two months of using this item and wondering why it performed so well the CHI label faded away , that 's correct it faded.This company is counterfeiting CHI products , something must be done!I have contacted them several times and no response , Amazon protection program has not responded either . What must a consumer do to get their claims answered ?
 i brought this product awhile ago finally used it and it barely straightens my hair ... i should have returned it along time ago ... it also pulls your hair out ... it did n't seem that hot to me
 Well I am glad you asked about this product -LRB- Ceramic Flat Iron Gf1001 by CHI -RRB- that I purchased for my daughter for Christmas . I was very disappointed with this product and ca n't believe that it is a real CHI . CHI is a great product and that 's not what I received . My mother has an off brand that she bought from Sally Beauty Supply and it works so much better . I always thought of Amazon as a safe reputable company but it seems that you are n't any safer than any other company on the internet . I have done my Christmas shopping with Amazon for 2 years . It was convenient and easy , and until this purchase , I was completely satisfied . I have to be honest , I just purchased a laptop computer -LRB- Lenovo -RRB- this past weekend and was too afraid to make a big purchase like this from Amazon because of what happened with this flat iron -LRB- which thank God was under $ 100 -RRB- . Who knows if I would have received a quality product or not . Thank you for letting me share my frustration/opinion . Angela Brooks
 I bought this product 4 months ago and it 's already broken ! do not buy ! I should have know because it was the cheaper one .
 CHI and other Farouk Systems products are only sold through authorized salon retailers , and Amazon is not one of them . -LRB- This also includes CHI products sold at places like Target . -RRB- The warranty will be INVALID , meaning there is no guarantee on this product should it break , etc. . Many make this mistake and think they can buy CHI products and styling tools online , but they are WRONG . If the price seems too good to be true , it usually is . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM .
 A FAKE !! I had no idea it was a fake until I returned it to Chi and they told me . It broke within a 8 months ...
 I ordered 2 Chi straighteners from this website , and they originally only sent one . I had to email them again to have the second one sent . Although the product was listed as `` new , '' it is obvious that both straighteners were previously used . -LRB- They did n't even come in a full Chi box -RRB- . The straighteners work just fine , but do n't be fooled-these are not brand new .
 Flat iron worked fine until it was out of warranty period and developed internal break in power cord . Farouk refuses to send replacement cord at any cost so my wife now has a worthless $ 100 flat iron . Power cord , which should last indefinitely , is very poorly designed .
 I have another flat iron that 's even worse , so I opted to give this two stars . Before it broke it took twice as long to straighten my hair as the much cheaper Conair 2 '' Professional that you can get at Target . That one broke too after about a year or so , but for $ 20 I can stomach replacing it every year or two . I actually had went back to find a replacement Conair but they were sold out , so in desperation I purchased this one . I SERIOUSLY do n't see what the fuss is about on this flat iron ... it 's mediocre at best , and broke . Sorry , no recommendation here .
 Hi I just want to say that I ordered my merchandise on may 17 and was told it would be here around the 25th I did n't mind a couple of days late , but we are on june 2 and is still not here . I am just hoping that the next time I order something it wont be so late . I am still gon na shop here again this is the first time I ordered something for amazon , and I will give it another chance .
 My mums boyfriend uses this product `` razac hand and body lotion '' everyday and I find it so overpowering and smelly , that after 6 months of breathing it in , I eventually lost my cool and through it in the bin!I have also used this lotion in the past on my face when I first came across it and had to wash it off because It was affecting my breathing .
 A coworker wears this stuff and it stinks up the place for a good 10 minutes every time he passes by . Definitely overpowering and smelly . If you want to put off your coworkers this is the stuff to wear .
 I 'm usually a big fan of most of CSP 's Vanille line , but on my skin Vanille Coco is a big no-no . It must be my chemistry . At first I can clearly smell a faint coconut , then it immediately turns into a very fake , artificial chemical smell . It stays that way for hours on my skin , never changing from start to finish . For reference my favorite CSP 's are Vanille Peache and Vanille Citrus .
 After reading the rave reviews on this spray , I decided to give it a try . However , when I got the product and smelled it ... I was disappointed right away . It smells nothing like the description and is VERY overpowering . I thought maybe I just had to warm up to it , so I sprayed it on each wrist and tried to keep it on all day . I lasted for a few hours and just could not take it anymore ... at this point it gave me a horrible headache and when my boyfriend came home he asked what the `` weird smell '' was and looked disgusted ... I had to take a shower to scrub it off for both of our sake ! Bottom line
 Beware of this one ! I ordered this product and what I received was a half full 1.6 oz . bottle that was dented and dirty , obviously used . The ad says 3.3 oz . bottle , new and unused . That is NOT what I received .
 I have been using this perfume for over 15 years . I should have known with the price being so low something was wrong . The perfume is not the same . It 'S a weak attempt of the real thing . The scent is different . The perfume looses its scent rapidly . I knew for sure when my son said Mom I like your new perfume and then he went ha ha ha . Even he could tell ! I do n't think the company will be very happy to hear you are selling perfume under their name and it is definetly not!I tried this once before buying some perfume being lured in by the low price only to be completely blown away that the perfume was bootleg . My husband ordered this for me.This time I 'm not going to lay back and do nothing . I 'm going to contact Paris and let them know about the false adverstisement . I do n't think they will be very happy . I would prepare for some bad news.I 'm stuck with one closed new bottle of perfume purchased from you and I would like to return it .
 I have sensitive skin.The soap start burning my skin after 20 minutes . I do not recommend it for people with sentive skin .
 I bought this soap as the scent was nice . However , the bar itself is soo big to make it difficult to use & I cut the bar of soap in 1/2 ! J.L.F.
 I love Jergens ' moisturizers and they work really great . But I ca n't say the same about this toning cream . I used it in my butt , thighs and arms and it has n't worked for me . I used twice a day until I finished the bottle and nothing . It was very cheap and it smells good , but that 's all . I think it works fine as a moisturizer but not as a firming cream . I have been using another cream for over a month and it works better -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003UJHSUI/ref=ox_ya_os_product -RRB- . Yeah , it is more expensive , but it is worth trying . Maybe the Jergens product work , it has good reviews , but at least for me it did n't .
 The one I received was not the one in picture ... if you are wanting this fragrance in part because of the bottle , make sure to contact the company and see if you are getting the correct -LRB- ornate -RRB- bottle , otherwise you will received on without the silver leaf accents on the top . The fragrance itself was pretty enough , but I was just as impressed by the bottle design ... so do n't end up disappointed like me ... and get the wrong bottle . After researching , I `` think '' the pretty design is only on the 1.7 oz bottles and bigger ... not totally sure though , so be sure to check if it 's the bottle design you love . This fragrance is VERY sweet , so if you 're not into sweet fragrances you wo n't like it .
 Lotion itself is OK , but if you 're looking for shimmer , you 're not going to find it here . There is a SUBTLE glow , when you 're looking at your skin in the sunlight . Other than that , I did not see any shimmer/radiant glow . I was hoping to find a replacement for the Nivera Shimmer Lotion , and this is not it .
 I was looking for a bronzing or self tanning lotion and this product popped up . I had used a Dove self tanner before but could not find it at the local stores . I was excited to find this product but was very , very disappointed after using it . No bronzer or tanning at all ! Smell of product is not plesant at all . I feel I was sold a terrible product . Buyer beware !
 This stuff sucks . It did n't help me with anything . It caused my skin to be very oily and break out .
 This product does not work . I 've been using it for three weeks now and my face looks the same . I have oily skin , acne and eczema . Do not waste your time and money on this product .
 This product surprised me . I expected it to not cause blemishes but it did . I was so dissappointed . It is Neutrogena after all . Now I am using CeraVe . It seems to work very well and leaves my sking not feeling dried out .
 I have oily acne prone skin and I started getting fine lines around my eyes . I usually like Neutrogena products but this one is a dud . First , it does n't lather at all . I 've had an issue w / it actually sliding off my hands a few times since it does n't lather . Second it has a weird smell . Third it does n't work . I 'm delusional in thinking that a few months using the product will suddenly make my fine lines disappear but there is no difference at all . Plus my skin is still oily and I 've broken out several times since I started using it . After this bottle I 'm done . I 'm in the market for something new .
 I had been using Proactiv on and off for the past 10 years and figured it was time to find something less expensive . The concept of this cleanser is great ; it sounded perfect for people like me in their late twenties or early thirties who still deal with mild acne . However , my skin immediately started to break out . I continued using it for about a month hoping that my skin just needed time to adjust , but it just got worse . I did n't get any of those deep , painful zits , but I did develop small bumps all over my forehead . Also , my skin just did n't feel clean after using it . I agree with others who said it was slimy and would slide right off your fingers into the sink . I did find , however , that if you rub it around in your hand to create a small froth first , you can avoid that problem . I guess one positive of this cleanser is that it did n't dry out my skin like Proactiv . Alas , the search continues ...
 I 've used it for 2 months . Does not work . Maybe because I am a guy . I do n't know . For me it is just a garbage .
 The only part of this kit that I like is the under eye cream . I use Neutrogena products and normally love them but the anti-wrinkle moisturizer or whatever clogged my pours and caused me to break out only in the places I used it . It does warn of this on the package and claims that if you keep using it the break outs will go away - after a month , I really do n't think they 're going to . I did n't notice any change in wrinkles - I 'm only 33 so it 's not like I have a ton but I swear the one I have which concerns me -LRB- around my mouth -RRB- actually got worse . I also agree with others who have said that the face wash smells bad . It reminds me of plastic or some other synthetic substance , and I am not sensitive to smells .
 Worst face product EVER.I was looking for something with salicylic acid to fight blemishes , but that was not for teenagers and therefore too drying . I prefer not to use products with sodium laurel sulfate , either . I 'm a mid life person , but still fight the occasional whitehead and greasy face mid-day . This product was AWFUL . It made me break out in huge pustules , and also made my face very tight and dry at the same time . It 's taken almost a month without it to get back to normal.And folks were n't kidding about the creepy smell . Closest I could describe it is like hospital smell , or purell . Not clean , just creepy.Can ' t imagine who this product is good for.Ick . I did n't even try to give it away , just threw it out .
 It 's been 2 months now that I 've been washing my face wish this every night.The first week my face did look noticeably better ; my skin was tighter and the wrinkles on my forehead and white bumps were gone.Then they came back , and they 've stayed back , and it 's like this wash does n't do anything at all . I do n't know if my skin got used to it or what , but I might as well be using a regular facewash . I will not buy this again .
 I 've used this product before and I like it . I placed my order while I was traveling so it would be home when I returned . This packing/shipping was BAD . My items were thrown into the box with no wrapping or anything . The top of the item opened and the product has come out and was all over my other items . Not sure how much I lost but it was a mess . I did n't have time to do the return thing but I will not order this way again . Next time I 'll just go to Target .
 I have really bad dark circles under my eyes , I think its just genetics and was hoping this would work but I really dont see to much of a difference . i think it would work for someone whos dark circles arent as bad or just have the puffy eyes .
 This product was without a doubt the single most misleading product I have ever used . Not only did my eyes appear to darken , the cream felt as if it were actually burning ! Neutrogena would be doing themselves a favor by pulling this from the shelf in order to save it 's reputation . Also , to add insult to injury , this cream smells a lot like cat litter .
 I really like this towel for its functionality . I like the snaps vs. velcro that I have had on other towels like this and it 's a good size but still lightweight enough to carry in a gym bag . However , it only comes in white and due to the nature of the fabric , EVERTHING sticks to it and does n't come off . If you have pets , this towel will inevitably become covered in cat or dog hair . Anything else that may be on your carpet/bed/furniture is also going to stick to it . Also , the feel of the fabric before you have washed it several times is kind of creepy . It kind of sticks to the skin on your hands , especially around your cuticles unless you have just moisturized . I have a robe of the same fabric , and when I bought this towel I thought it would be a different kind of fabric - like the microfiber headwraps that Aquis makes . I would n't have bought it otherwise .
 I am a male . I did a search and this item showed up for men . However , it is way too long for a man unless he is Yao Ming . It looked like I was wearing a skirt and came down several inches below my knees . I am 5 ' 10 '' tall.Also the light wieght microfiber terry was a drawback . It clings to you and builds up a lot of static electricity.I will not ever buy another product made of this material .
 I think this perfume should be really nice but unfortunately I can not evaluate it as I have not received it . Thus I paid for perfume but got nothing and the costumer service is going neither to make a replacement nor to pay a refund . So I just wasted money .
 At very first spritz , its not so bad , smells like fresh flowers.But then ... as it settles on you throughout the day , it just smells like dead flowers.It gives off this really unpleasant smell after being on the skin.I do n't recommend buying it .
 Muy desilusionada con el perfume , no dura nada el aroma , se aplica y en menos de 30 hr se pierde el perfume , no lo volver&iacute;a a comprar
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 The product has 3 ingredients ; Mineral oil , Coconut oil , and Fragrance . I am not 100 % positive what Mineral Oil is , but everything I have read about it is rather negative .
 I love this product , however the supplier is the absolute worst I 've ever encountered . This product should have been sent to me 2 weeks ago and I 've still not received it . I had to send out 2 messages before they bothered to tell me it was on back order . If you can find this product from another supplier , DO SO .
 NOTHING LIKE WHAT IT USED TO BE . They changed the scent and they increased the coarseness . The scent is very strong , very pungent now ... very bad ! I have very sensitive skin , which is why I always choose the gentle version , but I guess that 's gone now forever and I 'm stuck with SIX tubes of sticky , `` less-than-gentle '' facial scrub.I spoke to St. Ives and they said , `` It 's what the FOCUS GROUP liked . '' Good for them ! They can keep it.Why could n't they have just added a new product ? Calling it the same thing is deliberate misrepresentation . You can not change a product people have been enjoying for years ! My guess is that the new version is cheaper to manufacture in some way -LRB- s -RRB- . Sorry ... I can not pussy-foot around the truth .
 I did n't like the texture . It felt thick and sticky . The color looked dull on my lips .
 This product is a disaster . It 's like painting your lips with gooey , old , congealed oil paint ! The colors ... oh my gosh ! They are atrocious ! Glosses tend to be a little lighter , a little transparent ... these are brash and bizarre . The honey , paints on and transforms your lips to look like you just kissed a freshly painted BEIGE wall . It 's awful . I 've salvaged my purchases by blending some of the colors , garish bright berry colors with dreadful dull browns , mix to create a more palatable shade and then I top with C.O Bigelow menthol lip shine to make it look like it 's a gloss.A lot of work to try and salvage the money I spent on these . I do n't know how or why anyone who wears makeup of even the remotest quality could recommend a product like this . It 's just awful !
 I had never tried Avon before so I bought some products on amazon to see how they suit me since I 'm very alergic to make up . Great price , not such great product , I guess I will stick to big name makeup brands
 When I received two of these , they were the samples given at store purchase that clearly state `` not for sale '' and they were not sealed . I did n't feel they were the real thing as they were both more watered down . Than after using for a week I started having bad reaction to it and my eyes were burning like never before . I did n't think about the eye cream being responsible so I stopped using it and my eyes stopped burning . I 'm very upset as this was a danger to my eye sight . All for a few dollars?Please do not try to save a few dollars at the cost of your precious eye sight . It is not worth it . Be very careful .
 This product does not really do much of anything . I used it for a while and saw no discernible difference in grey hair coverage . NOT WORTH THE CASH .
 I used it for only a week and did not see any color change but I had to stop using it because it made my hair oily .
 This stuff smells great and does seem to work for making your color last a little longer , but it stained my hands and face so easily . I did n't want to have to put on gloves or make a big production out of everything everytime I wanted to use it so pretty much just stopped . Not worth it for me .
 I purchased this glaze to help cover up a few grays between colorings and to give me some overall shine . I already use the John Frieda foam colour -LRB- currently using light ash brown -RRB- and found this glaze while looking for another batch of permanent color . I though it might extend the time between colorings just a bit . I found the consistency of the glaze a little difficult to apply in the shower . I often found it sliding off my wet/damp hair before I could get it rubbed in . Since I was interested in covering grays , I started at my scalp and would then rub and comb the product down to the ends of my shoulder-blade-length hair . As mentioned by other reviewers - this stuff stains . That 's the idea , right ? But note that it stains skin as well as hair . It 's difficult to rinse it all off the scalp without scrubbing it - which would remove it from the gray roots I 'm trying to cover . And be sure to scrub , scrub , scrub your hands with some soap while you 're waiting for the product to do its thing in your hair . -LRB- This stuff would make a great instant tan if you 're going for a too-long-in-the-booth look . -RRB- Some days I rinse too well -LRB- or did n't leave it on long enough -RRB- and it does n't look like I 've even used the product . Other days I think this product adds a lovely shine . And some days if it does n't get rinsed just right it just plain looks greasy . Feels like too much of a gamble to use this product on a regular basis.I would not recommend it for covering grays -LRB- even if only temporarily -RRB- because of the scalp staining issue . If you spend enough time perfecting your technique , it would probably provide a good shine to hair that just needs a little boost .
 I have long , medium brown hair of average thickness . Over the last year or two I 've started getting a few stray gray hairs here and there around my hairline and in my crown that really stand out a lot against the darkness of the rest of my head , so I bought this product , hoping to conceal the grays , either by completely covering them or at least giving them a hint of brown color , so they would not look so stark against my natural color . I used it everyday for almost two weeks and saw absolutely no difference at all in color of my grays . The glaze did make my hair feel smoother , but I have very silky , shiny hair to begin with , so for me , that is not a reason to buy it again . I am so disappointed , I was hoping to avoid dyeing my hair for a few more years since I have very little gray !
 Did not work for me ... Just made a huge mess , my hair was the same as before I used the gloss . Do n't waste your time or money . It does not do anything to your hair
 It might color the hair a little bit , but it leaves them very dry . You definetely need some leave-in conditioner after this product . I 've used it a couple of times , then just colored my hair permanently , since it is too much hassle and overall the hair do not look terrific after it .
 It did n't make my hair look horrible or anything which is why Im giving it 2 instead of one and it 's cheap but ... . It did n't make it shinier or `` richer '' color . In fact I have brown hair with a good deal of red in it and I got this hoping to darken up my hair and even out red tones . It made my hair seem MORE red and even a bit lighter . My friend even commented it looked more red . It smells gross too .
 The product does work . It made my hair darker quickly . It was a nice , natural color as well . Still , the dye has a very strong and bad smell , leaving my hair to also smell bad during the day . The product also made my hair feel gross and dry . With these downsides , it is n't worth it .
 This stuff was super runny which made it really difficult to try to apply it on my hair . It ended up getting everywhere . I saw no real difference in either my hair color or shine after multiple uses so this product was a complete waste for me . I would also like to add that it smells terrible ! I noticed another commenter stated that it made their hair more red , and I had the same issue , as well . I naturally have red undertones , and dye my hair with ash colors to counteract the red . If you have similar hair , you may want to avoid this since it seems to bring out the red .
 I like this product line a lot , but this particular item did almost nothing for my hair -LRB- and did make a big mess in the tub -RRB- . I did n't notice any enhancement to the shine or color of my hair , but it did seem a little softer than usual .
 I did n't like the texture . It felt thick and sticky . The color looked dull on my lips .
 This product is a disaster . It 's like painting your lips with gooey , old , congealed oil paint ! The colors ... oh my gosh ! They are atrocious ! Glosses tend to be a little lighter , a little transparent ... these are brash and bizarre . The honey , paints on and transforms your lips to look like you just kissed a freshly painted BEIGE wall . It 's awful . I 've salvaged my purchases by blending some of the colors , garish bright berry colors with dreadful dull browns , mix to create a more palatable shade and then I top with C.O Bigelow menthol lip shine to make it look like it 's a gloss.A lot of work to try and salvage the money I spent on these . I do n't know how or why anyone who wears makeup of even the remotest quality could recommend a product like this . It 's just awful !
 I had never tried Avon before so I bought some products on amazon to see how they suit me since I 'm very alergic to make up . Great price , not such great product , I guess I will stick to big name makeup brands
 I had never tried Avon before so I bought some products on amazon to see how they suit me since I 'm very alergic to make up . Great price , not such great product , I guess I will stick to big name makeup brands
 I did n't like the texture . It felt thick and sticky . The color looked dull on my lips .
 This product is a disaster . It 's like painting your lips with gooey , old , congealed oil paint ! The colors ... oh my gosh ! They are atrocious ! Glosses tend to be a little lighter , a little transparent ... these are brash and bizarre . The honey , paints on and transforms your lips to look like you just kissed a freshly painted BEIGE wall . It 's awful . I 've salvaged my purchases by blending some of the colors , garish bright berry colors with dreadful dull browns , mix to create a more palatable shade and then I top with C.O Bigelow menthol lip shine to make it look like it 's a gloss.A lot of work to try and salvage the money I spent on these . I do n't know how or why anyone who wears makeup of even the remotest quality could recommend a product like this . It 's just awful !
 Two stars because it 's overpriced from this seller.There are 2 ways to order this : The wrong way costs $ 24 . The right way costs only $ 9.99 . Most searches reveal the BG2020 part which costs 17.99 + 5.77 shipping since it comes from a company that does n't do Amazon 's Free Super Saver Shipping.I have the BG2020 model shaver , so I thought I needed THIS part . But they shipped me the BG2000 part which states right on the package that it works for the BG2020 model shaver ... I tried it ... works perfectly as promised.So to help you avoid my mistake , search for : `` norelco bg2000 replacement `` Choose the $ 9.99 BG2000 part with the FREE shipping logo -LRB- you need to bundle this purchase with some others to get over the $ 25 min . to qualify -RRB- . You 'll get the exact same part I got , but at a 60 % discount .
 How can they charge so much for the replacement foil ? It cost almost as much as the whole unit ! One of those ripoff schemes of manufactures that put their profits way ahead of their customer satisfaction . Do not buy this product . It does not work well enough to justify paying so much for a replacement head .
 Unbelievable that this foil head costs nearly as much as going to the store and getting a new unit . Mine wore out in less than 60 days and with minimal usage .
 they either changed their formula or i got an OLD bottle . i bought it because it was what my mother used to wear and since her death , i wanted to smell her presence with this . it smells nothing like it should and is gross . unfortunately you can not return liquids on amazon and i am stuck with a smelly gross perfume . #fail
 I liked the product although the bottle is defective . the Sprayer wont spray . I tried cleaning the nozzle and it just wont work . I put it in my hands and applied it . Like i said i liked not loved it . I probably wont buy it again
 I 've been using this product for years , and have liked it a lot actually . However , I recently purchased a bottle and found it defective . Normally , this hair product is like a gooey paste or glue -LRB- as the name implies -RRB- . The bottle I had came out with a clear liquid , epoxy-like slime mixed with the glue . It 's gross , unmanageable , and unusable as a hair product.After contacting Got2B through their website , describing the above ... they responded 5 days later with an automated email saying I did not `` provide enough information '' and should call their phone support . Pardon me ? After all , I went out of my way to inform them of a product defect . I sent them another email saying this is unacceptable and would return the defect . product to my retailer , and switch to another brand -LRB- I 've had good experience with that ICE stuff -RRB-
 I 've been using this product for years , and have liked it a lot actually . However , I recently purchased a bottle and found it defective . Normally , this hair product is like a gooey paste or glue -LRB- as the name implies -RRB- . The bottle I had came out with a clear liquid , epoxy-like slime mixed with the glue . It 's gross , unmanageable , and unusable as a hair product.After contacting Got2B through their website , describing the above ... they responded 5 days later with an automated email saying I did not `` provide enough information '' and should call their phone support . Pardon me ? After all , I went out of my way to inform them of a product defect . I sent them another email saying this is unacceptable and would return the defect . product to my retailer , and switch to another brand -LRB- I 've had good experience with that ICE stuff -RRB-
 I did n't like the texture . It felt thick and sticky . The color looked dull on my lips .
 This product is a disaster . It 's like painting your lips with gooey , old , congealed oil paint ! The colors ... oh my gosh ! They are atrocious ! Glosses tend to be a little lighter , a little transparent ... these are brash and bizarre . The honey , paints on and transforms your lips to look like you just kissed a freshly painted BEIGE wall . It 's awful . I 've salvaged my purchases by blending some of the colors , garish bright berry colors with dreadful dull browns , mix to create a more palatable shade and then I top with C.O Bigelow menthol lip shine to make it look like it 's a gloss.A lot of work to try and salvage the money I spent on these . I do n't know how or why anyone who wears makeup of even the remotest quality could recommend a product like this . It 's just awful !
 I had never tried Avon before so I bought some products on amazon to see how they suit me since I 'm very alergic to make up . Great price , not such great product , I guess I will stick to big name makeup brands
 I have used Freeze and Shine for nearly 20 years and am very familiar with the product and have been a big fan . I just received this product and I smelled it and tried it on my hair -- this product is NOT Freeze and Shine , it is adulterated with , I think , alcohol . No shine , little freeze and a terrible smell . The various reviews I have read on Amazon mostly report the same problem I have had . Can these sellers be stopped ! Amazon should not allow this to happen and should look into this problem . Luckily I had a partial bottle of the original product to compare it to .
 I did n't like the texture . It felt thick and sticky . The color looked dull on my lips .
 This product is a disaster . It 's like painting your lips with gooey , old , congealed oil paint ! The colors ... oh my gosh ! They are atrocious ! Glosses tend to be a little lighter , a little transparent ... these are brash and bizarre . The honey , paints on and transforms your lips to look like you just kissed a freshly painted BEIGE wall . It 's awful . I 've salvaged my purchases by blending some of the colors , garish bright berry colors with dreadful dull browns , mix to create a more palatable shade and then I top with C.O Bigelow menthol lip shine to make it look like it 's a gloss.A lot of work to try and salvage the money I spent on these . I do n't know how or why anyone who wears makeup of even the remotest quality could recommend a product like this . It 's just awful !
 I had never tried Avon before so I bought some products on amazon to see how they suit me since I 'm very alergic to make up . Great price , not such great product , I guess I will stick to big name makeup brands
 I bought this stuff in hopes that it would give me great curls that would last throughout the day . . it does n't last 2 hours . I have thick wavy hair that really is n't that difficult to work with . But I get and keep more curls just from scrunching it while it 's wet -LRB- with no product -RRB- than I do when I use this stuff . It just weighs my hair down and gives it a greasy look . It just turns into a watery oil type substance in your hand too . I would definitely not recommend this product for anyone , regardless of your hair type .
 * Got2b curling mouse did not really help my curls * At first my curls looked good when I first applied , but after 15 to 20 min my curls were gone * Wish I got to try the original version
 I just bought TWO bottles of the new `` kinkier '' mousse and the exact same thing happened with BOTH bottles as with the other reviews - the mousse comes out , poofs up , then completely fizzes down to a bubbly liquid ! Completely useless ! I LOVED the old ` kinky ' mousse ... I keep trying other kinds -LRB- just because got2b is more expensive -RRB- , but I keep going back to got2b . I hope they do n't completely discontinue the original kind ! Now I have to go search for the original ...
 I just bought this product at the store yesterday . I loved the old Kinky mousse so I was excited when I saw they had a newer one . I tried 4 different squirts and no matter what I did , it comes out liquid-y , starts to stiffen up , but then it fizzles and bubbles and returns to a liquid state . It 's very bizarre . It also leaves my hair stiff and wet looking , unlike the original version of this product . I hate it .
 I have been a user of the got2b mousse for many years now and am VERY upset with this new product . When you pump it out of the container , it disintegrates into a very thin drippy substance !!! I called the company and reported my complaint . If you are looking for a GREAT product , look for their original KINKY mousse . You will its results !!
 I did n't like the texture . It felt thick and sticky . The color looked dull on my lips .
 This product is a disaster . It 's like painting your lips with gooey , old , congealed oil paint ! The colors ... oh my gosh ! They are atrocious ! Glosses tend to be a little lighter , a little transparent ... these are brash and bizarre . The honey , paints on and transforms your lips to look like you just kissed a freshly painted BEIGE wall . It 's awful . I 've salvaged my purchases by blending some of the colors , garish bright berry colors with dreadful dull browns , mix to create a more palatable shade and then I top with C.O Bigelow menthol lip shine to make it look like it 's a gloss.A lot of work to try and salvage the money I spent on these . I do n't know how or why anyone who wears makeup of even the remotest quality could recommend a product like this . It 's just awful !
 I had never tried Avon before so I bought some products on amazon to see how they suit me since I 'm very alergic to make up . Great price , not such great product , I guess I will stick to big name makeup brands
 I ordered this perfume after reading its great review on amazon , shipping was quick , as a perfume and fragrance lover , i was excited , get dress for work sprayed it on and the initial smell was repulsion -LRB- loud -RRB- then it soften up to a acceptable fruity smell not great or stand out in any way , my husband hated the smell , 15min later , on my way to work , I smell my wrist as I always sniff my my perfume and the scent were gone . No smell of any fragrance , especially after using a so called PERFUME !!!!! I had my husband , co-workers sniff me , and i was not losing my marbles , the scent was gone ... gone ... gone ... no perfume , not even cologne smell ... Sellers , your product reflex on you , if you sell product that does n't stand up to it potential , you are the one who stands to loss the most ... do not attempt to dope your customers , bad for business ...
 I was using this product for several years , buying 7-10 bottles a year to use for myself and as a supplement to gifts . Since the new formula has been released , it is no longer a good product . It does smell more like olive oil and lost the lemon oil smell as other reviewers had mentioned . While lemon oil shows higher on the ingredient list now , I suspect it is of a lower quality . Something is off about it . The consistency is also thinner . It no longer feels like a good quality lotion . It would best be compared to a facial cleansing milk consistency now -LRB- which Avalon has and I used until that formula changed for the worse as well -RRB- . I have given this version a chance for the past three months , but lately have been reluctantly getting through the bottle . I will find another brand that maintains their quality .
 I was re-stocking the guest bathroom and bedroom and got the bright idea to get a collection of Avalon , which I 've always liked , so everything would match.The lavender scent is not pleasant and is not the lavender I am used to . In addition , the way the products are labeled it 's almost impossible to tell which is lotion vs hand wash without a lot of light and glasses.The `` off-lavender '' odor of the lotion is very strong , almost overpowering , and the lotion itself is cloying and greasy.This was not a good choice at all - I should have looked more carefully at packaging and such before purchasing . But who can mess up lavender ? Avalon . That 's who.Can ' t recommend .
 On the label it says `` NEW ! More essential oils ! '' I thought , great . Yeah . No . It has a more pepperminty smell in order to mask some chemical smell behind it . It makes your hands smell like peppermint gasoline . Also , the moistness I got with the old formula -LRB- the one without the gasoline -RRB- , made my hands nice and moist -LRB- moisturizers do that -RRB- . Now my hands feel smooth like a leather car seat and not moist at all.Thanks loads for the `` improvement . ''
 This is a push top dispenser bottle of lotion , they shipped it in an envelope . half the bottle is on the inside of the envelope . I paid for a bottle of lotion and got a bag of mess !
 I 've loved this lotion and ordered it regularly from Amazon or scored it in stores for more than a decade . But the last two bottles I received from Amazon the other day smelled funky . Gone was the delightful peppermint aroma , and in its place was a powdercake face make-up type of smell mixed with the scent of unbathed intimate body parts . Something must have gone wrong with this batch ! I think I have to throw it out . Sad . Miss my peppermint lotion .
 I had a horrible reaction to the NEW formula . Burning , redness , hot skin like a bad sunburn . Went away after a few hours but was quite painful . Used this lotion for years and had no problem . Wondering what went into the new formula that might have caused this . Has anyone else had similar experiences ?
 I bought this `` organic '' lotion because I wanted something natural and healthy to moisturize my skin . Well its not natural , just check out the first few ingredients . It does contain some quality essential oils , but its still made with other fake crap , and I find it to be very misleading to market it as organic when it is n't . Very disappointing ...
 I love peppermint and that 's what originally got me to buy this product . Unfortunately even a little bit of this stuff leaves my hands greasy and shiny .
 This clipper should be considered disposable . We used it for three haircuts on normal boys ' hair , and now it just pulls the hair and hardly cuts at all . It is supposed to be lubed-for-life , so I have n't added oil , although I am going to try that . I wo n't buy Remington again . The problem now is , even if they work at the beginning of a haircut , we do n't trust that they 'll finish the job , and cutting boys ' hair is such a big undertaking at our house , we hardly look forward to getting the job half-done and then heading back to the store for another clipper to finish it . I wish I had saved the packaging - I would return these to the store where I bought them . Remington guarantees them for 5 years , but shipping them to Remington for repare or replacement would likely cost me more than the clippers cost . I 'm completely unimpressed .
 This thing is awful . The blades are so dull , they could n't cut a fart . I 've used it twice and it just pulls on the hair while it barely cuts . You definitely get what you pay for and that 's JUNK !
 This is an excellent scalp massager ... what 's that ? There clippers ? hahaha ... huh ? Oh you 're serious?I have to say these are complete garbage . It took me an hour to end up with a worse job then my 10 year old clippers do in 20 min . It cuts almost as much hair as it pulls out , and you have to go very slow or plug it up . Granted I have very thick hair , so someone with only a few strands may find this a good deal . I however am going to try and exchange them for and old rusted knife to finish the job .
 I 've used this clipper set to cut my husband 's for a couple of years with success , but over time all of the comb attachments have broken . Cheaply designed plastic parts . This kit is billed as an at-home set , not for professionals . I 'm not a pro and needed those combs to get the right cut . So having all of them break has rendered the entire set useless . No sense trying to replace the combs at Remington ; they do n't appear to carry parts anymore for this model . The parts and shipping are so expensive , I might as well buy a whole new set . Disappointed in cheap , plastic-y junk .
 When I spent so much money on this item , I had hopes for an item worth its value . I was not at impressed . One
 I liked the texture , but when you rub it on it feels REALLY cold . It actually took my breath away !
 Will not order from this company again . This company was the Perfume Company . I paid next day and it was charged to my acct but was sent ground and took over a week to receive it . I would not recommend this company .
 havent try it but it has different packaging from the picture . . hope its authentic ingredient and not fake product . It is misleading the customers based on the picture here .
 this one i guess is the cheaper version of derma e products . it is got too much fragrance , and is very sticky , they have some better products to offer
 i do my research before buying creams I apply to my skin and if I can I like to educate and inform other people too . So , here is the info I found . I 'm wo n't buy it now,Phenoxyethanol-Repeated exposure to the substance over prolonged periods has been linked to contact dermatitis -LRB- more info 1 and 2 -RRB- , worsening of eczema -LRB- more info -RRB- , reproductive toxicity -LRB- more info -RRB- and neurotoxicity -LRB- more info 1 and 2 -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Does nothing that other conditioners ca n't do . The bottle is so small and does n't last long . It does n't feel like its enough when I use it .
 My hair type is thick and prone to dryness on the ends . My hair is not overly damaged but this product actually made it feel damaged . I used this product `` correctly '' as another reviewer outlined and still got poor results . There is nothing special about this product , it might as well been from the dollar store . I have used many hair products from cheap to very expensive and this fell way near the lower end . After using it my hair felt straw-like and gross , something I had never experienced even when I do not use conditioner . It did n't even smell good . I could n't find one thing I liked about this product . Will not be buying again .
 This product does n't do anything but dry my hair out ! Instead of fixing my split ends it gave me more . ! So disappointed .
 This product -LRB- if it is indeed the actual product and not a knock off -RRB- does not work any better than Suave . I have fine-ish , straight hair and bought this thinking it would add shine . It did n't do anything . If you have hair that is coarser than mine , it will be a complete and utter waste .
 I have thick asian hair and conditioning is sometimes an issue . This conditioner unfortunately , was no miracle for me . It works no better than any standard Suave conditioner you can pick up at your local Target . Do n't waste your money , you 're better off making a trip to the local store for something much cheaper .
 While the shampoo is good , this conditioner left my hair drier than the straw in a barn . I pitched it after two uses and went back to my old conditioner .
 I bought this product because I saw how many good reviews it had.I am a 21 year old female with long brown hair . I was hoping this shampoo / conditioner would help me get rid of some of the dryness and frizziness . I used the products for about a week and a half washing my hair every other day and saw no improvement with my hair.The only thing I did notice was that the more I used it , the more MY HAIR FELL OUT ! each time I showered , more and more of it would fall out while I was shampooing / conditioning my hair . I have used many types of shampoos and conditioners and none of them make my hair fall out the way this duo did.Never buying it again.The only reason im giving it 2 stars is because even though my hair fell out , it did do a good job of cleaning it . However did nothing to help the frizz or dryness .
 Following my review on the Biotin Thickening Shampoo - I do not care for this product at all . The smell is very similar to lemon Pledge or Lysol . When I first opened the conditioner , it was really a really thick and creamy appearance , but the second I put it in my hair , it lost all of its integrity and seemingly barely covered my hair ! I usually start applying at my tips and slowly working my way up to about 4 '' away from my roots , but I was having such a hard time working it up that I had to reapply a couple times . What a waste of conditioner ! When I rinsed it out , my hair had a dry and straw-ish consistency . Not very pleased . I do notice that my hair has grown a bit faster this past month or two . I 'm unsure if that 's due to the Biotin supplements or the shampoo/conditioner . I just end up throwing a bunch of Dove brand leave-in conditioner because of the way this shamp/cond leaves my hair .
 This conditioner not only seems watered down but it really doesnt do much for my hair either . I have to use a trememdously large amount in order to get any type of actual conditioning feeling in my hair with this ... literally 1/4 -1 / 3 of a cup worth . This wouldnt be SO bad if i didnt have super fine and thin hair to begin with and its short so there should be no reason i should have to use this much conditioner . I have used many different organic types of shampoo/conditioner and never have had to use this much . I was really excited to get this conditioner but honestly it is not at all worth the money paid for it . Very dissappointed
 Does not lubricate or soften hair . Not even while in the shower . I followed the instructions and even left it on longer than recommended . It made no difference . My hair was just as tangled after rinsing it off . Basically , it does no conditioning , whatsoever .
 I used this in conjunction with the shampoo . It does not restore moisture to your hair , so even oily hair will start to feel dried out if you use both the shampoo and conditioner long enough like I did . I did n't notice any thickening of my hair . Moving on to another product .
 I just finished my first bottle of this product . I am in my early 50s , my hair tends to be oily and I have an unacceptable amount of shedding which is the reason I chose this formula . The smell is great but the conditioner does n't moisturize very well even if you leave it on for 4-5 minutes . I eventually bought Aussie 3-minute Miracle to put on the ends and that did help me get through the bottle . I am reordering the matching shampoo but will look for something else for conditioning . I just wish there were a conditioner that had both Biotin and Saw Palmetto .
 Really like the feeling of tea tree oil etc on the scalp with the tingling / refreshing feeling it imparts . This product does not deliver .
 Over the years I am a hair product junkee looking for something that really works . My hair is dry and bleached out so I thought I would try this product but it does not work on my hair at all . I ca n't even finish the product , I am throwing it out . It does not condition my hair like I thought it would from reading the reviews . I was hoping it would work better because I want to use more natural products but without the conditioning , I was pulling hair out when I combed it after I washed and conditioned it . I tried Avalon shampoo too and am not impressed .
 Saw absolutely no difference using this product . Found out hair loss was due to iron deficency and not any topical issue .
 I would not buy this product again , not very conditioning . Leaves hair feeling dry and tangled . Does n't feel like a conditioner .
 I was given the shampoo , instead of the conditioner . It really sucked , as you can imagine how it is when you wash your hair without conditioner . . Otherwise the shampoo was pretty good .
 I was very excited about trying the shampoo and conditioner for my thinning hair issue . My hair has been coming out a bit before this but I was completely surprised when using it the first time , SO MUCH of my hair came out in the shower & when I was coming it out afterward that I started crying !!! I skipped washing my hair for one day and then used it again just to see if I was imaginging it . Well I was n't because it happened again . I went to Ulta and purchased some Nioxin which I 've used before and washed my hair with it this morning . Only a little bit of my hair came out ... and by little bit , I mean more than the average person but WAY less than when I used the Biotin B-Complex . Im glad it works for some people and hope it works for you . I tried it due to all of the positive reviews and although I hardly ever review anything , I felt so strongly about my experience that I had to share it . I am sending this product back today ! Good Luck ~
 I have arbitrarily chosen the conditioner , but the following applies to EVERY SINGLE product in this company line.It 's commonly known fact that most of the cosmetic companies claiming to be organic actually are NOT -LRB- such as Nature 's Gate , Kiss My Face , Dessert Essence , Jason , etc. -RRB- . The reason Avalon -LRB- NON -RRB- `` Organic '' is the worst offender in my eyes is1 . the fact that they actually have the audacity to use the word in their name , while their products still contain synthetic , and potentially carcinogen ingredients and2 . I have gotten duped by them in the past and spent a lot of money on their products before realizing how blatantly dishonest their marketing tactics were.It used to be even worse in the past when they first showed up on the market.Enticed by the name , I happily jumped on the bandwagon and kept buying their shampoos , conditioners and lotions -LRB- foolishly without reading the Ingredient label -RRB- , only to find out A LOT later that they all were laden with all kinds of harmful chemicals , there was just had some `` natural stuff ' thrown on top so it sounded more enticing -LRB- and misleading -RRB- . Even though recently they have ` cleaned their act ' significantly , and they now claim `` 70 % of ingredients are organic '' ... where does it leave the remaining 30 % ? -LRB- these ingredients , among others , are still questionable
 Be very careful about ordering this product . The formula has changed -LRB- per manufacturer -RRB- Note the `` new '' on label . First formula was heavenly -- the very best . This new formula is terrible ! And on top of that , you can hardly get it out of the bottle .
 I was hoping for a great organic conditioner that will help my hair to be healthy and look nice . This is not it . It is almost impossible to brush my hair after using this one -LRB- I have a straight hair , not curly and crazy -RRB- and it makes my hair greasy . Only plus-smells nice . Will not buy again .
 The conditioner was the better of the two , but I did n't care for this product . The scent does n't quite mix right to make a pleasant scent . It 's ok , I just think there are better products out there . My hair is mid length , natural curly and thick . I did n't think there was any advantage to my hair type as far as moisture or frizz free benefits go .
 AVALON USED TO SMELL GREAT , SO MUCH THAT I WOULD LOOK FORWARD TO A SHOWER , IT WAS LITERALLY AROMATHERPY , BUT NOT ANYMORE . THEY CHANGED THE INGREDIENTS BECAUSE THEY GOT BIG CONTRACTS WITH SUPERMARKETS , SO NOW THEIR PRODUCTS ARE CRAP , YOU CAN BARELY SMELL ANYTHING WHEN YOU USE THE PRODUCT , CHEAP CRAP THAT IS OUT THERE IS BETTER THAN AVALON IS NOW . I CALLED THEM AND TOLD THEM HOW I FELT , THEY SAID IT WAS THEIR FIRST CALL LIKE THAT , BUT THAT WAS NOT TRUE BECAUSE I SEE REVIEWS SAYING THE SAME BELOW THIS REVIW , AN DON MANY SITES . AVALON HAS FAILED BECAUSE THEY GOT GREEDY , THEY FOUND OUT HOW MUCH MONEY THEY 'D MAKE IF THEY TOOK OUT THE QUALITY STUFF IN THEIR PRODUCTS , AND SAID BASICALLY SCREW THE CUSTOMER .
 For conditioner , this did not do its main job very well
 I have thin fine hair and I am always searching for the `` miracle '' to a beautiful head of hair . This is not it . It may be organic and have less surfactants but , it 's the thinnest shampoo I 've ever used . Ca n't get it from bottle to hand to head without losing it down the drain . Stupid purchase . Oh well , next time .
 Something about this shampoo that although it smells good and refreshing , it makes my scalp itch . Could be just me . Would n't buy again .
 I washed and conditioned 1 a week but did n't see much difference . No thickening . May work for thinning but I have actual loss of hair .
 I bought the shampoo and figured I had to get the conditioner to go along with it . Nope . It barely did anything for my hair . It was like adding water to my hair . I even tried to mix it with another conditioner . Big mistake on that one . My hair felt like it was n't clean . Anyway , I would skip this .
 I BOUGHT THIS Avalon Organics
 After using the conditioner it did not make my hair feel soft . It felt dry and damaged and was not easy to comb .
 Based on the reviews I read prior to my purchase , I expected my hair to feel fuller and thicker . It did not ... My hair felt stiff and brittle . I tried it a second time and this time I could see my hair breaking off in my hand ... the smell was great and that is about all . I am so disappointed in the purchase , price and end result of the product that I could shoot myself for such a waste ... Do n't count on it working for you . : -LRB- while the conditioner is thick , it does not offer a silky feeling to your hair . I found my hair hard to untangle and I spent a great deal of time delicately untangling my fine long hair to prevent further damage.I have gotten better results from generic conditioners like Suave than I could ever get from this product.What an incredible waste of money .
 I have fairly sensitive skin and can get quite itchy if I use a shampoo or soap that has certain chemicals in it . So I 've been on a quest to find soap , shampoo , and conditioner products that have fewer odd chemicals in this . My quest is challenging because I also donate my hair to charity every three years . So I need my hair to remain thick and healthy while I do this . Otherwise my charity donations will make recipients unhappy rather than happy.The Avalon Organics Lemon Conditioner seemed like it would be just right for me . My boyfriend loves the aroma of lemon , so that would be a plus . It would have fewer chemicals . It says it restores natural highlights and color . It removes build-up . All great!So I began trying it . First , the conditioner is very thick , and the container can not sit on its lid . This means one has to really pound it to get the conditioner out . This is bad enough when the bottle is beginning , but by the end of the bottle it makes getting any out quite challenging . It means the last part of the bottle is wasted.Next , the instructions say to massage it in `` from the roots up '' . Hmmm . I 'm not sure how that 's even technically possible unless one had an eyedropper . If I have a dollop of conditioner on my hand , and I put it on my head , it is going to touch the top of my hair first . I then have to massage it down * towards * the roots . I do n't see how I could get it to start at the roots and then work its way out.The conditioner seems to get absorbed nearly instantly . That then means there is n't any left to `` massage around '' and get to the rest of the hair . Over my time with the bottle I used larger and larger -LRB- bordering on , to me , outrageous -RRB- amounts of conditioner on my hair . My hair is currently only just-past-shoulders length , too . It 's not even at its full waist length point . I would put a giant dollop in my hand , start putting it on my hair , and it would vanish nearly instantly . It 's not that my hair is super-dry either . If anything I 'd call it slightly oily . So I never felt as if I was getting all my hair conditioned.When I was done , the hair would feel squeaky clean - which is a problem . When I then tried to comb or brush it , it would tangle . The hair was not detangling as most conditioners would do . It would catch on the brush or comb . So this meant more hair would pull out during the brushing process.All of this was odd enough . I 've tested many , many conditioners over the years and not had this combination of issues happen before . But then the clincher . I was out kayaking with my boyfriend recently , and he looked at my head and then took a picture of it . Apparently my hair is now turning white at a prodigious rate where I am putting most of the conditioner . I have dark hair . I do realize that many people with blonde hair use lemon juice to bleach their hair and make it lighter . I should have realized this would happen.Because I am a sucker for punishment I will try the rosemary version to see if it 's any better , and post a review there when I 'm done testing . But I can unequivocally say that this lemon is just not for me . I would not recommend it for anyone with dark hair , or with long hair . It probably would be best for someone with short , blonde hair who likes the scent of lemon.I purchased this conditioner with my own funds .
 Product dried out my hair . I was disappointed since this is organic . I expected it to be better . But , Pantene works better than this and does not dry my hair out . Smell was ok . It was not overwhelming , but it did not smell great either . It did make my hair look thicker , but dried out .
 I expect a conditioner to prevent my hair from drying out . This is the first time I 've used an organic conditioner . Although the texture is thick like a cream almost , it seems to disappear and have almost no affect when I apply and rinse it off . I then try to compensate by applying more and more , but the texture of my hair is almost the same as if I did n't even use conditioner . I 'm trying to be more self conscious about the cosmetic/hygiene products I use but this particular line has been a disappointment .
 I have very curly dry hair and needed a conditioner that makes my hair smooth and soft . This one does n't help at all . It 's like using no conditioner and as such a waste of my money . I can not get through my hair even with the biggest comp after using this product . Beside that I do n't smell any Lavender , actually I do n't smell anything at all . Not a happy camper .
 Tried and used a whole bottle . Smell did n't bother me - what did was the fact that it barely conditioned - my hair was always tangled after use . Switched to another organic brand with MUCH better results !
 This product did nothing for my hair , I have a hair loss problem and it didnt even help a slight bit . after using it made my hair dry and brittle , no moisture whatso ever .
 This conditioner looks and feels creamy in your hands but does n't condition the hair . As one reviewer said , it feels like nothing and even applying more does n't help . I was very disappointed in this product . I used it in conjunction with the Avalon Lavender Shampoo . The shampoo is very harsh and seems to strip all natural oils from the hair and scalp . Others are commenting on the great smell - I did n't detect much of a lavender scent . It smells sort of like dog cleansing products .
 I have dark hair , just slightly lighter than the girl on the box . I have always wanted a blue streak in my hair , but I 'm old and doing something permanent is n't really an option for me . To have something that would work in my hair without having to bleach it would be great!It did n't work for me , though . Does n't show up at all . Does n't show blue , does n't even show darker.Yes , I read that it might not work on all hair types , so I knew I was taking a chance . I have super fine hair , and maybe that had something to do with it , but I would think it would work on my hair better than coarse hair , but that 's just a guess.The packaging is misleading , too . It shows a girl with very dark hair and yet she has blue streaks , right ? Wrong . It 's a color overlay on the packaging . She does n't really have any blue in her hair.So , why 2 stars instead of just 1 ? First off , they do have that little disclaimer -LRB- it would be nice , though , if they told you what type of hair it does or does n't work on -RRB- and second , the comb applicator is pretty cool . If you have lighter hair , I would have to guess that the comb would give you a pretty good look without a lot of mess -LRB- I tried the comb first , did n't see any results , so then just opened the bottle and applied it more directly , still no visable results -RRB- . The comb is also good because the product was a little sticky . I do n't think you 'd easily be able to comb through it after it dried without flaking off color or getting tangled.If you have dark hair and take a chance on this , I hope it works for you .
 Bought this for my daughter 's birthday slumber party . The blue only seems to show up in light colored hair . Brunettes do n't even look like they have any in their hair . Easy to wash off surfaces and skin and out of hair .
 Back in the day , they sold these sponges in real -LRB- heavier -RRB- rubber . I never used them to apply makeup , but to get the oil off of my face instead of using a napkin . The old 100 % rubber sponges leave my face smooth and completely clear , so , when I saw these on Amazon , I decided to purchase a bag . All I can say is that these are not like the older version from about 15 years ago , they 're much lighter in weight and just do n't do the trick . Sorry Amazon , but for me , this one is a bust .
 My initial response to the scent of this oil was not favorable . It had a medicinal odor rather than the rich patchouli scent I was hoping for . I thought perhaps my olfactory receptors were `` off '' so I shared the oil with five of my patchouli-savy friends and asked for their honest opinions . They are as follows
 I 've picked up other oils such as this one and the aroma of lily of the valley does n't compare well with others .
 I was excited when I first got it but then i noticed it had curved plates and got sad because thats not what i wanted . but i already opened it so it was too late to return it .
 It was disappointing . The reviews I read here said it was good with thick hair . It 's mediocre on the ends but that 's about it . I have hardly used it .
 Sheer , nearly poreless , coverage . Easy to apply , great ingredients , improved my overall skin quality . Does not , however , hold up to perspiration . Although I 'm 55 & wear it daily , so does my 15 y/r daughter ! We both are very picky about our cosmetics & Shat-It is agreeably the best .
 Product is not the one pictured . I received the wrong item when I wanted the one in the picture . Plus no returns .
 This seller delivered a fake perfume to me , some people may not realize that perfumes are fake but I could tell the minute I opened the packaging . The perfume bottle and the perfume were definitely fraudulant which is very upsetting since this was supposed to be a christmas present . sellers who promote false advertising and believe they will be getting a `` one up '' on their customers deserve not to profit from deceptive business practices . Please do not buy into this scam .
 I thought I was getting a good deal . The fragrance does n't even last an hour !!! Beware . GO ahead and get your perfume from the department stores . THe fine print on this is that you ca n't return it !!!
 not sure what is in the bottle but there is a smell that last 30 minutes only and not the perfume , I have bought before and it is great bought from Macys.Did not keep packaging as was excited and now stuck with it and out 46.03
 I ordedred this perfume Burberry Brit By Burberry For Women . Eau De Parfum Spray 3.3 OuncesBut to my surprize whenever my wife would use this perume its fragrance will just vanish in two hours . This is the worst Burberry perfume I ever got.I think its always better to spend some extra amount on Genuine perfumes at shopping malls rather then buying FAKE/DUPLICATE perfumes from vendors at Amazon.com . Its is total waste of your money .
 I have owned Burberry Brit before and was excited to get it for such a low price on amazon . It got to my house a few days ago . I opened it up-cheap packaging . As soon as i sprayed it i knew it was fake . SO MAD I SPENT $ 40 !!! PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS !
 I have used this perfume before and that was the reason I ordered it . This one is a complete fake , it does not even last for 60 minutes . Will not buy perfumes from Amazon .
 I did n't read other 's reviews before I ordered this product and I should have , the stuff I got I do not believe is real it does not smell the same as my other Burberry Brit , I 'm not happy I wasted my money on this ! Amazon should really stop selling fake stuff unless they want to be straight with consumers and tell them they are not getting the real deal ... should have known for the price I guess : -LRB-
 I bought this as a gift for my wife . She has always used this perfume and I thought this would be a nice gift at a little better price than perfumania or other retailers like Macys.But , the bottle to begin with looks fake . Cap doe n't fit nicely as compared to our previous purchases for the same item from other retailers . The price was not much lower , but the product seems to be inferior . Also , the perfume smell would n't last even couple hours which tells me that Amazon receives a different shipment from Manufacturers which is not the same as what Macys or any other retailers would receive for Fragrances.I would never buy perfumes from Amazon in future . Spend a little extra money to get the full worth of your hard earned $ $ .
 When i purchsed this cologne in here had a high expectation for it , i smell it before in macys and loved it but the price was a bit out of my buget so i decided to give a shout and buy it from here and save 40 % of the price ask macys . Big mistake !!! the scent is definilly weaker and not last more than 1 hour
 Do n't buy this product ! You wo n't be able to return it because it 's considered `` hazardous '' by Amazon , and I do n't think they mean the smell!I bought this perfume as a gift for my daughter , who loves Burberry Brit , but when she opened the box and sprayed some on her wrist , she knew immediately that this is not the same fragrance she has used for years.The product is not returnable to Amazon , so I have now spent over $ 41 for a musky stenchBurberry Brit By Burberry For Women . Eau De Parfum Spray 3.3 Ouncesperfume she wo n't ever use . This is the last time I 'll buy a fragrance from Amazon , that 's for sure !
 No long lasting ... worthless ... instead of this choose something else ... it 's not recharging tooBurberry I strongly do n't refer to anyone ... I used a degree sport it 's really worthy ...
 Smelled this perfume as a sample in a magazine and liked it . Unfortunately , when I bought it and tried it on -LRB- in addition to the sample from the mag -RRB- , I began to smell like an old woman . Too bad I ca n't return it !
 Unfortunately I did not read the one-star reviews because I already knew I loved Burberry Brit and I figured why do I need to read about how people do n't like the scent . But if I had read the reviews I would have found out that the perfume is not legit . It may be an old bottle of Burberry , but either way the scent does n't last long at all and it does n't smell right to begin with . And as I have been reading after the fact , returning is not possible , even though it does n't say that anywhere on the ad.So do n't buy this product . Honestly , do n't by perfume online unless it 's directly from Macy 's , Sephora etc. . Just pay the big bucks for it .
 The price is too good to be true for a reason ! The packaging is all wrong , and most importantly the perfume is n't burberry brit either . It 's the perfect scam , too , because the product is not returnable . AMAZON.COM PLEASE BAN THIS VENDOR !
 There are reviews that warn this is a counterfeit product , but I trusted Amazon . This was a true counterfeit of Burberry Brit Eau de Parfum . The inside packaging included the bottle being wrapped with a picture of a girl , which is n't normal . The spout smells like body odor , and the scent does n't seem to last more than a few minutes . BIG MISTAKE that I did n't see the note underneath the picture on Amazon 's page that this ca n't be returned because it 's hazardous material . They have no problem mailing fragrance to customers , but ca n't receive it in return ? Can I sue Amazon for selling a counterfeit product in which they refuse returns ? Time and money lost . Previously , I bought Burberry on eBay and it was counterfeit , but at least the seller issued a refund after I contacted eBay . Expensive perfume is expensive for a reason ! -LSB- UPDATE
 I received a fake Burberry Brit Eau De Parfum -LRB- 3.3 oz -RRB- from Amazon LLC . How do I know it was fake ? I went to a brick and mortar store that sells Burberry Brit , and they showed me all the details that were different between the authentic perfume and the one that I purchased . Not only was the perfume packaging fake , but the bottle was also fake , and the scent was similar to men 's cologne . So be careful , it might be safer to buy the perfume elsewhere , even if it costs more . And when you do receive your order , do n't hesitate to take it into a store to compare it with an authentic one .
 I was so excited ordering my first fragrance online , thought the price was great and had smell this scent many times in stores so I decided to buy it . I got it 2 days later and since I opened it I noticed it was weirdly wrapped , like re-sealed and the front tag was falling apart . The bottle design looks weird and I could confirm my suspicions when I sprayed it and the smell lasted less than 20 minutes . After that , it is completely gone . I tried to send it back but you can not since it is considered `` hazardous material '' . So dissapointed I spent that money , I will never buy fragrances online anymore , maybe it was bad luck . I never had a problem with Amazon with any other products I must say .
 I purchased this product assuming that the title was accurate and that it was in fact eau de parfum . However , upon receipt it was toilette spray -- there is quite a difference between the two . Do n't be deceived by the description , you are not getting the real thing .
 I ALWAYS buy Burberry Brit , however this is the first time I bought it on Amazon . I was so excited because it was so much cheaper on Amazon than it is anywhere else ... well there 's a reason ... the perfume I received did NOT smell like Burberry Brit at all and I 'm pretty sure it was tampered with because it does n't smell like any perfume I 've ever used . Very disappointed .
 Sheer , nearly poreless , coverage . Easy to apply , great ingredients , improved my overall skin quality . Does not , however , hold up to perspiration . Although I 'm 55 & wear it daily , so does my 15 y/r daughter ! We both are very picky about our cosmetics & Shat-It is agreeably the best .
 This tube wringer is a lot larger than any of the Dr. Hauschka tubes . Since it said that it was a tube wringer by Dr.Hauschka I just assumed it would be the correct size for the tubes . It does work , but it 's so large and awkward that I ended up not using .
 I was very disappointed in this hair dryer for travel use . It is twice as heavy as the dryer I was replacing . This would be a good choice for the person who wants a compact dryer for home use .
 This product did n't work well for me at all . I think I had an allergic reaction . My skin got all red and hurt .
 Do n't waste your money or time on this `` straightener '' . I thought it would be a great item because 1 -RRB- it 's a wet to dry iron -- meaning you can use it to dry and straighten your hair at the same time ; 2 -RRB- it 's curved design would allow me to curl my ends easier ; and 3 -RRB- the way the ceramic plates lay flush with the body of the iron , it 's less likely to snag my hair like my other ceramic iron . But the design is so awful that the plates do not fit perfectly together ! The section of hair I attemped to dry & straighten -LRB- yes , I only completed ONE section before I determined that this thing was going back to the store ! -RRB- did not dry completely . Nor did it get straight , even after I ran the iron the length of my hair 6 or 7 times . Definitely a waste of money .
 Only had it for 5 months and the thing blew up this morning , sparks flew and caught on fire , will never buy a Conair product again !!
 I was expecting this straightner to really wow me , but i was dissapointed . It took forever to dry DAMP hair and the end result was a total blahhhhh i would never repurchase ! the curve plates totally suck as well ! the curve plates are nothing but annoying make the drying process even longer . maybe this might work on somebody with really fine hair but for the rest of us ... . NO !
 BE CAREFUL DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY , i bougth tisproduct for my sister , and just work ONE TIME ... AND AFTER THAT . . NO MORE ... DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY
 This straigtner works as good as you can expect for the money . It is not very good with wet to dry , in fact I always wait for my hair to dry naturally now before using it . Using a straigtning cream or spray is a must because without either my hair is kind of brittle and sticky . I live in florida and I can say that these are NOT good for humidity because my hair usually ends up frizzy and curly after just 5 mins outside . I also have to re-straighten my hair in the morning after doing it at night because it just does n't last . Mine are still working after 2 years , however which is longer than some , but I am currently looking into buying a better quality one that will stand up to the floridian weather .
 We purchhased the straightener in February and it stopped working by March 15th . The warranty is only 30 days so we are out of luck buyer beware !
 I got this as a gift . The red coating has worn away and it really smells when you heat it up and it makes your hair smell really bad . I desperately want a chi !
 I have had this straightener for a couple of years now and have liked it , but recently when i plugged it into the outlet , there was a loud popping sound and a spark flared -LRB- from the outlet -RRB- causing me to have to reset the outlet . We just built our house last year and honestly I wondered if there was a problem with the outlet -LRB- however I 've never had a problem before -RRB- . The straightener still worked , so I continued to use it , although it made me nervous . A couple of days ago , I turned it on and this time a loud popping sound and a flare came happened within the actual straightener -LRB- where the irons are -RRB- and it died . I searched online to see if there had been a recall , because obviously this could be a safety hazard . I have n't found a recall but saw that another reviewer had the same thing happen . I would n't recommend this straightener due to this safety issue . I noticed it 's no longer sold at Target where I bought it , although again I bought it two years ago or so .
 I purchased this product after I had used a sample . Once I started using for just a few days my sensitive skin had a reaction . I actually had to return this product . May be good if you do not have sensitive skin .
 I have combination/oily , sensitive skin . I have had acne problems in the past . I love Boscia products for the most part . The cleansers and toners are great and worth the price . This moisturizer is not . It dried out of my skin , especially around my chin , nose , and eyes . I discontinued use after about a week . It feels like it is sitting on your skin instead of sinking in and soothing it . Made make-up difficult to apply . The only plus + to it is that it did n't cause me to break out ... but dry skin is just as unattractive as pimples in my book .
 Works well to clean hair . Have not had any new growth that I or my hairdresser could see . Not planning on repurchasing .
 I started using this shampoo and conditioner after reading all the reviews on many sites . I had gradual hair thinning and decided to start taking action , at 28 . Im female and have long blonde hair . I cut my hair , its still long , but i cut it to help the ease on combing to help prevent having to comb out so many tangles . I used this shampoo and you get that tingly thing yeah , but the shampoo itself sucks . the reason people say their hair looks thicker is because this shampoo makes your hair look horrible . maybe most everyone else on here has pretty short hair but it took a whole handful just to get a decent lather all over , and still then i as mostly only getting my scalp . I had also started taking hair essentials vitamins and had noticed my shedding had decreased quite a bit . but i was using pantene and loved it but read that it could cause thinning . so i switched to murad and after two weeks my hair actually started shedding worse ! a LOT worse , and my scalp was itchy and irritated all the time , which i was willing to deal with if it meant stopping my hair loss . i went to my dermatologist yesterday and showed her the shampoo , she said most of the things in that shampoo wont really be absorbed by the scalp anyways and that it was pretty pointless . she told me to start using a dandruff shampoo , rotating between two kinds every two weeks . today was the first day i used head and shoulders . my hair looks SO much healthier after just the first wash . murad made my hair look frizzy and fried , which is weird for me because ive always had really healthy looking straight hair . -LRB- what i have left at least ! -RRB- but she said the hair essential pills were great as far as ingredients , so im sticking with it . but not with the murad shampoo ... i plan to try to get a refund . i hated it !! i was so glad my dr told me not to use it !
 I have combination/oily , sensitive skin . I have had acne problems in the past . I love Boscia products for the most part . The cleansers and toners are great and worth the price . This moisturizer is not . It dried out of my skin , especially around my chin , nose , and eyes . I discontinued use after about a week . It feels like it is sitting on your skin instead of sinking in and soothing it . Made make-up difficult to apply . The only plus + to it is that it did n't cause me to break out ... but dry skin is just as unattractive as pimples in my book .
 i bought as a professional stylist . and i use it to cut tinsel hair extensions now . definatly not good enough to cut real hair with . split ends instantly
 Tugs horribly on the hair to the point where it 's shortening my hair by simply ripping it out by the root . Sticking with shears .
 If you want long-lasting lip color that makes your lips look caked , baked , flaked , and nasty , you 'll love the color half of this product . If you want a decent moisturizer for your lips , the other half of the product is fine . I predict CG Outlast wo n't last long on the market .
 If you use this brand you know that this color has been discontinued maybe a year ago . Several years before being discontinued the packaging had been changed from a cover with tapered tip to blunt . The product I received must have been years old . It is in the old packaging with the tapered tip , and actually goes on thicker and darker than expected for this color , probably due to its time on the shelf . The picture actually does show the packaging with the tapered tip , but they do n't tell you that not only the picture , but also the product is from the archives .
 The actual color is not as nice as the name suggested and it certainly does not last .
 I could n't find details about this Wella product . It may have been exactly what I wanted but since I did n't have a product description I moved on to other products .
 I fell for the hype and now am out quite a bit of money ... . Save your money , trust me ! I used this product 2-3 times a day until the entire tube was gone -LRB- took several months -RRB- and saw NO change whatsoever ! I have serious dark circles , which is what it claims to help . I am VERY disappointed with this company and their product and will never buy any item with their name on it again ! What a bunch of crap ... . BTW - look at * ALL * the reviews , this product is listed in several different places here and there are a bunch of poor reviews !!
 I really wanted this to work . I have serious dark circles under my eyes and have tried everything else . But I 've been using this twice a day for two months and I have n't noticed any improvement at all . Not even a little . In fact , my eyes might actually look worse . It has not faded the dark circles , nor has it improved the bags .
 My daughter and I both bought this . Different skin types and differing degrees of dark circles , so we figured it had to work for one of us . We 've both used it faithfully 2x/day for 3 months . ZERO results . Absolutely no difference for either of us . We might as well be rubbing water under our eyes . Save your money . This product is 100 % worthless .
 Hylexin is easy to use and apply . However I was not satisfied with this product . I used Hylexin for 3 weeks now . It did not gradually diminish the dark circles under my eyes , but instead increased them . I look worse now than I did before using the product . I tried Vitamin K gel in the past which did diminish the dark under eye circles and believe it is a superior product . I do not recommend Hylexin . It is too expensive to be that poor in quality .
 I wish I had read these reviews sooner :-LRB- This product does nothing for dark under eye circles . I saw more improvement from my Vitamin K solution I purchased at a drugstore for $ 10 !
 Hylexin was a waste of my hard earned money . I have been using a product called Ocuderm and getting great results . I wish I had heard about it sooner . My dermatologist told me about Ocuderm . I love it , the results have been great . Stay clear of Hylexin it is a rip off .
 Hylexin sucks big time ! I have been using it faithfully for almost three months and I have not noticed any improvements . Today I looked at myself in the mirror and could not believe this crap did n't work on top of the money I spent on it . I mean a little improvement would have been better then nothing at all . Please do not buy this product it is a COMPLETE waste of time . $ -LSB- ... -RSB- ... what a rip off .
 I recently bought this product and I have not seen any change at all . I am very disappointed . It costs a lot of money and it doesnt do anything !!!!!
 I fell for the hype and now am out quite a bit of money ... . Save your money , trust me ! I used this product 2-3 times a day until the entire tube was gone -LRB- took several months -RRB- and saw NO change whatsoever ! I have serious dark circles , which is what it claims to help . I am VERY disappointed with this company and their product and will never buy any item with their name on it again ! What a bunch of crap ... . BTW - look at * all * the reviews , this product is listed in several places here !!
 i rate hylexin low because of the price , but i am sure it works -- here 's why -- after some research , i tried the hylexin knock-off which has the same ingredients that they claim are the ` active ingredients ' , in a product called ` EyeBryten ' . although i have undereye circles , i was looking for something comparable to strivectin sd and strivectin eye cream . well , the eyebryten works . and it was only $ 20.00 for 1 oz . at major beauty and drug stores . it is better than strivectin -LRB- i tried that -RRB- , and it took the puffiness away almost right away . i see a difference already , and i am pleased . also , an inexpensive replacement for strivectin sd is dermectin -LRB- same and better ingredients -RRB- -- also $ 20.00 for 6 oz . do n't spend alot on some hyped up products ! do a little research and read your ingredients , you will always find something better for less !
 I have used this product for over 6 months with absolutely no results . I admit that I have n't used it very regularly , but I would expect some benefit after using it for 3 days a week at least . I think this is just a very expensive moisturizer
 I have dark circles around my eyes , and was looking for something that actually worked , also on a permanent basis , as this product describes.I was so excited when a person told me how this product works , and of course I read about it also in these reviews . I threw a hundred dollars in the garbage so to speak and was so disappointed . It did absolutely nothing , and I mean nothing ! I gave it one star for the delivery and packaging , but what a waste of money !
 I bought this product and have used it for almost 4 months . There have n't been any noticeable changes . In fact , the product created a new problem with dryness because it does n't hydrate well . This product does n't work at all .
 I 'm in total agreement with the one star reviewers . This product is absolutely positively WORTHLESS !
 My eyes look like I just broke my nose . I have 2 dark black eyes and have for 10 years . My issue is caused by broken capalaries `` bleeders '' . I did n't hold out much hope but I thought I would give this a try . Well it did not do a thing . I used it as directed for 28 days , documented progress with photos , but there was absolutely no change . I gave them two stars because they did refund my money since I returned the product prior to 30 days .
 Hylexin is easy to use and apply . However I was not satisfied with this product . I used Hylexin twice a day religously untill the tube ran out with no results what so ever . If anything , the cream actualy increased drynes around my eyes . I do not recommend Hylexin . It is too expensive to be that poor in quality .
 After I ordered this product , one of my co-workers told me about the reviews on Amazon . I checked it out and I was really surprised ! The reviews are poor . The worst part , though , is that the product is listed three times !! What 's the deal ?? A product gets a bad review , so they re-list it ... more bad reviews and they re-list it AGAIN ! See for yourself , do a general search for `` Hylexin '' and you will see several listings of the SAME product . Trying to out run bad reviews ???? I now think less of the product AND Amazon . Shame on you both !
 Listen to the other reviewers . I wish I had , I could have used the money for a really nice dinner out . I still look like a close relative of Richard Nixon after using the product faithfully until the tube was empty .
 I really wanted this to work . I have serious dark circles under my eyes and have tried everything else . But I 've been using this twice a day for two months and I have n't noticed any improvement at all . Not even a little . In fact , my eyes might actually look worse . It has not faded the dark circles , nor has it improved the bags .
 After two months using this cream , I have not seing any results . I am moving to a different product .
 Hylexin is a waste of good hard earned money , I have serious dark circles and after all the reading up on the product I was so excited that something was on the market that would help make my racoon eyes disappear , I used this product for months followed the directions to a tee and it did nothing . save your money , or if you must try it , try to get it at a discounted price so you wo n't feel like you were taken .
 I should have known better . People were telling me to use dermaAction from www.topicalbeauty.com but I wasted my money on Hylexin instead . Saw no results . DermaAction on the other hand is making a huge change in my skin and my eyes look way better now . Next time I 'll listen !
 are you serious I spent 95 dollars for this piece of crap.I have dark circles which this product promised would cure them , well it did n't . I noticed no change at all in my dark circles.I feel like I will continue my search for the next cream , but it 's getting really depressing especially after this one .
 I have had this product for a little over a month now . I 've been using it as instructed . I have not seen any results . I have had dark circles for as far as I can remember but this product is not working for me . I will continue to use it and see what happens .
 I can not express my disappointment in your recent false advertising of the Slumber Party Sleep Mask I have used for years . My roommate bought me the Slumber Party Sweet Dreams Package for my birthday to replace my older beloved 100 % silk mask . Everything was great , so it seemed , but when I pulled the mask from the packaging , I knew that it was not silk . I immediately look on the packaging and it claims that it is in fact silk/cotton blend . The blatant tag on the mask itself , however , did inform me that it is Polyester.Polyester vs Silk is quite obvious , but what about the lotions and sprays and all of your other products ?? Somehow I can not believe that the fabric of the mask is the only LIE.As a respected , very popular company I would urge you to fix this false advertising right away before you highly disappoint other loyal buyers and even possibly get yourselves into great trouble . In the mean time I will let everyone know about this and look elsewhere for a new silk mask from a trustworthy company with integrity . I really hope that this low quality polyester let down is the only lie for the sake of your consumers . And as far the poor clueless people sleeping in your polyester masks every night , their skin is probably breaking out because it can not breathe . I really hope you are not okay with that . And as far as claiming all of this to be an innocent mistake , do n't even try it .
 This is a soft mask , and generally well made . However , the Dream Essentials Contoured Sleep Mask is better because with the contours there is no pressure placed on your eyes .
 I 've had a few sleep masks in the last few years . This one is the largest by far and comfy to boot . However , it has a nasty smell that of course stops it from being useful . When you wear it you are surrounded by the stink ! I am hoping that washing it a few more times will get rid of the smell.Also - it did arrive here quickly ! : -RRB-
 The elastic strap ripped off on the first night of use . I barely even stretched it trying to get it off my head . While it was on it was comfortable . Maybe I just got a defective one .
 This mask was comfortable the first few nights , but after a week or so it became uncomfortable . It is too large ; light still can come in near the nose , and it presses down on my eyes . It has also been the suspected cause of a couple of sties . However , it is very thick , and light does not filter in through the material .
 This product works ok ... but when I use it , it hurts my eyes because it presses on them a little too much . Also the velcro backing is annoying when sleeping on your back , because it will get caught on the pillow if you move your head around .
 Not as comfortable as I hoped it to be.Wish it was a bit lighter and the band messes the hair and is too tight and the velcro stuck to my hair and bed . BAD
 Took A Star Off Because Of :1 . Weird Smell2 . Nose Area Cracks And Shows Light When Laying On Back3 . Stitching Scrapes Against Face While Sleeping .
 it would be nice if the nose area was a deeper/longer cut and the eye covers were longer up/down ... light just pours very easily at bottom of eyes ... not really usable . for me .
 The product was awesome , until the elastic band snapped a week later . Now , it 's just a waste of money . Cheap material ruined this product .
 I used it for a week then hand washed it . I see threads coming out everywhere although I used it for less than a month.I can tell that the fabric is made of cheap material . I guess the cheap price decides the quality in this case .
 Short and Simple-I did not like the product . I found myself removing it in the middle of the night because I could not get comfortable with how the interior of the mask rests on the eye socket.Before I purchase another mask I will try it out before purchasing so I will know for sure it fits my specific needs since you can not see a demonstration .
 Agree with others - this is a scented mask - the broker should honestly describe their product . I would return it but it seems like a hassle for a $ 6 mask ... Business should be upfront about the products they schlep .
 The thick Velcro straps make it uncomfortable on the tops of the ears and painful to wear . Find a mask with soft straps .
 I received my mask a few days ago . I briefly tried it on and it seems to block enough light . Unfortunately , mine arrived absolutely reeking . It smelled like it had been bathed in incense or potpourri . I 've tried airing it out to get rid of the smell , but no luck . This thing smells so bad I ca n't even use it .
 This is a well made mask , scented , satin and looks much more expensive than it is . I wish that I loved it more . The problems that I had with it were threefold . First , it sits right up against the eyelids , so that when I move my eyelids , such as when I turn over at night , it puts pressure on the eye . This may seem minor , but the rubbing of my eyelids against the mask was enough to wake me up , and never before was I so aware of how much my eyelids moved when I sleep . The second problem I found with this mask was that it let light in around the nose area . There are satin flaps sewn into the mask that I guess are supposed to fold out and block the light , but these did not work for me . Finally , the satin material is slippery and does n't stay on . I purchased another mask on Amazon , the Dream Essentials Sweet Dreams Contoured Sleep Mask , which was not as pretty , but works better on all three aspects for me .
 Title says it all . I 've had it for a couple months now and used it not quite every night and it has been just fine until the strap came off on the end of the mask when pulling it off one morning . I 'll be fine with hot gluing it but I would n't say it 's quite worth it after my experience . It did have a strange perfume smell at first that I was n't fond of but it went away completely after a couple days . I did like the padding over the eyes and the coverage is good .
 I bought this after seeing all the positive reviews . I 've never worn an eye mask before so I did n't know exactly what to expect . I have to say , it 's quite uncomfortable to wear . It 's mainly the strap . I tried loosening it and that did help a little but it still hurts to wear it . Not only that , I 'll wake up in the middle of the night to find that I 'm wearing the thing half on my forehead because now it 's too loose . I guess I 'm not surprised considering the price .
 This sleep mask is decently made for the price , but it 's been scented with something that broke everything it touched on my face out in itchy , stinging welts . My eyes were almost swollen closed when I woke up after wearing it overnight . Dermatologist diagnosed irritant contact dermatitis and put me on Prednisone for 6 days as well as a cortisone cream ... not to mention the fact that I looked horrible for several days . I do not ordinarily have sensitive skin , nor do I suffer any allergies . Ugh .
 I tried this one out because I had problems with a different brand slowly coming apart after 4 months . That one , at least while it was still intact , was very comfortable , especially in the nose area . This product , however , is less comfortable , mainly because there is no space for your nose to fit , so you may feel pressure -- albeit slight -- on the bridge of your nose , which makes napping and sleeping kind of difficult . It does block light pretty well , but I 'd love for it to be more contoured to fit your nose .
 THE MASK IS TOO HEAVY AND THICK FOR ME , IT MAKES MY EYE AREA SWEAT . NOT EASY TO WEAR AND SLEEP .
 This mask is very well padded and made my forehead sweat . There ARE thin but tightly weaven fabrics in the world that can make these stuff .
 I sleep with an eye mask every night . My old fleece one had worn out completely . I was looking for something comfortable and affordable and this mask appeared to fit the bill . You would think a good mask would be easy to design , but this one has some serious flaws.Pros : Opaque material completely blocks out light if you have a small noseMask made of extremely comfortable fabricElastic is adjustableCons : Shape does not work well for people with large nose bridges since mask is thick and does not have a cutout for the nose , it does not bend well over the nose and allows light in the bottomElastic is uncomfortable around ears or under earsElastic adjustment is velcro on the back of the head and so gets caught in long hairHad I known about these flaws I would not have bought this mask , fortunately it is cheap . As it is , I have covered the elastic with some softer fabric which takes care of the velcro issue and the discomfort issue . If I pull the mask down over my nose and tight the elastic enough it is mostly light tight but I find it slips upward during the night . I will be buying a replacement for this .
 The product arrived as described , although it just was n't for me . I had been having trouble sleeping ever since daylight savings time as I work evenings and the sun would come up very early in the morning . I purchased this to try and help but it is insanely uncomfortable . On the back of the product -LRB- the side that faces your eyes -RRB- there is a an extra piece of fabric that goes halfway up the mask , the end of this rests very uncomfortably right on my eyes and irritates me .
 Waste of money if the smell of the product is so strong you ca n't even sleep . Happy I did n't spend more than 6 bucks on it .
 The strap is too hard . It hurts my ears . I found this sleep mask too big and I have a normal size head . People with small head may not like this .
 this product is very uncomfortable ... the sturdy band hurts the tops of my ears and the eyeshade itself pushes on my eyelids . i 've had much better eye shades in the past ... purchased from a drug store . i think it might be a little better -LRB- not much , tho -RRB- without the fluffy filler material ... at least it would n't cause such pressure against my eyelids . i have n't been able to fall asleep wearing this . it looks good , but what good is that ?
 You shipped me air in a box . I would like a product . Please remit a real product ASAP for I would like this for X-mas .
 This product is awful . I wish I never purchased it . The product description should mention thatIt is not comfortable to sleep in for many reasons .
 The mask is nice , soft and smooth , but the strap that goes around your head is a cheap band that is painful on your ears . I tried to remedy this issue by placing the band higher above my ears but then it just falls off while I 'm asleep and ironically wakes me up . Find a mask that that has a nice strap !
 I always wake up with the sleep mask away from where it should be . There 's a design problem with the wristband , its thick and it has to go over your ears , which is not comfortable at some point when you want to sleep .
 I wanted to like this mask , and convinced myself the others complaining about the pressure against the eyes were being drama queens . They were not . It seems to be made of quality materials , and all of the fuss about the smell seems a bit overstated . Yes , it did smell of Eucalyptus after first opening it , but as you would expect , the smell fades rather quickly and by night time I could n't smell a thing . However , the design of the mask is such that when the band is tightened at all , it pulls in on the mask , forming a crease of pressure perfectly aligned with the eyes . Yes , you can adjust so the pressure is across the bridge of the nose , but then light comes pouring in from below and above . I 've had it for less than 24 hours and am ordering a different one as soon as I finish writing this .
 I got this eye mask about one and half yeas ago . I have to say this is a good product . However , the lease just keep loosing over time and eventually becomes way to big for my head and I have to get a new one . The lease just worn out . I dont expect things last forever , but I def believe there 's way to fix it .
 The mask is scented , which is not noted in the product description . After just a couple of uses , I developed a painful , itchy inflammation on my eyelids just like the allergic reaction I had to lavender oil on my pillow . I called the manufacturer and found the mask is indeed scented with lavender and valerian . How unfortunate the scent is applied to the inside of the mask!The manufacturer 's customer support was very unhelpful . I could not find out if I could wash the mask with laundry detergent . I followed the tag instructions and washed it in lukewarm water only , but this did not entirely remove the scent.If you are highly allergic , I would not recommend this mask.On the plus side , the mask is very soft , with the silk lining against the face . It is trimmed in polyester , but I found this did not sit against my skin . I guess the 100 % cotton is on the outside . The mask blocks out the light adequately except around the edges.The elastic could be narrower and more adjustable to fit more comfortably around the ears .
 Here 's the short version
 I 'm disappointed that 1 -RRB- I paid so much -LRB- $ 8 -RRB- for something that I would never pay more than $ 3 for in a brick and mortar store , and 2 -RRB- the strap rubs against the back of my ears a bit too much .
 The mask itself is soft and comfortable and cover my face nicely . However , the back velco strap is uncomfortable when I press my head against the pillow . I could totally feel it .
 Beautiful mask , but the seams rub in weird places and the elastic is quite loose . It also gaps around the face and lets light in .
 I was looking for a fragrance to replace my old pikake perfume that I ca n't get anymore . This one was way too weak and I had to keep reaplying it all day long . I 'll keep looking ...
 This sounded like just what I wanted . I do n't know if the one I got was counterfeit or spoilt , but it smelled of nothing but stale alcohol . I could n't believe it . I sprayed some on , waited awhile for it to settle , then asked my brother and sister-in-law to smell . The response ? `` I do n't smell anything but alcohol '' . I tried it several times hoping something would emerge , but no such luck . I had to throw it away since you ca n't return perfume on Amazon . : -LRB- You really should test perfumes before buying . The one star is for the lovely bottle and packaging . The contents ? Zero stars .
 When I bought this product , I was looking for the oil from the actual sagebrush plant . As this is not what I got , I was disappointed but my own fault for expecting the name of the product to BE what I wanted . It does smell ok , but not at all like the real stuff .
 The first week or two , it seems to work great . It did n't minimize the appearance of pores or actually reduce them , but it did seem to diminish the oil in the T-zone for a good portion of the day.I 've been using this product religiously for probably two months now and have been really disappointed . After two weeks , my face seemed to produce more oil which this product could n't even begin to control . My pores have not minimized even slightly , and it has n't once actually decreased the appearance of them.It sounds like a good product in theory , but I 'm very disappointed . I hope that others have had better experience . thanks for reading .
 You 're supposed to use a lot of this product . I have long hair , so it only lasted a few times . Plus once I used it , I might has well used shampoo because I still had to blow dry . I could n't imagine using it camping .
 I have a kid who 's skins is so sensitive to water , so I thought this would help her ... Problem is you have to add water to it in order for it to work ... Waste of my money .
 I used to use a Men 's Face Scrub from Bath & Body Works years ago . It was creamy and had a nice `` grit '' to it that felt like it really was smoothing my skin as I rubbed it in my face.This product is a cream without any grit . How can you scrub your face and smooth it out if it 's only a cream ? There should be little fine pieces -LRB- like ground rice -RRB- in it to do the scrubbbing.Very disappointed !
 i bought this thinking it will clear up my ance and black heads and it did the exact oppostie of that , it made my skin more oily and brought more pimples . The fact was I thought it was n't the cleanser , I thought my face was doing it so I used more and more and more of the product . It just kept getting worse and I am gladly switching to pHisoderm 4 way acne cleanser . The razor defense scrub clamis it clears up your skin , and it does for the first few days , but it goes all down hill from there
 Got so bad that my skin was flaky after use . I have fairly dry skin to begin with , so this clearly was not the best product for me . Too harsh for my skin at least .
 I bought this in hopes of having a good daily facial wash that does n't dry out my skin . This works in the sense that it does n't dry out your skin , but I have n't seen much improvement in skin texture or clearness . Occasional pimples reoccur just as they have always done on my face -LRB- not acne -RRB- . I think this is as useful as a regular bar of soap , nothing more . I 'll have to try something different .
 I used this and I had a horrible breakout ! It 's the worst i 've ever had ! Please do not waste your money on this !
 I was going to give this review 1 star , but I figured that it may have skin soothing properties beyond my knowledge and experience . What I have experienced , however , is a real hack job of a shave every time I use this . It almost seems like it doesnt have lubricants . I have no trouble with conventional shave creams .
 The only reason I gave this product 1 star is because of preventing acne and outbreak , I gave me really bad acne I never had before . As first I thought it was something I was using for my face so I stopped using all of them and just used this face wash . I then continued to develop really bad acne on my whole face . Now I regret buying this thing because I have three bottles I have n't used.While it did n't work for me , it might work for you . Not everyone 's skin is the same so this review is only for my face . It might work for you as it has for some of the people who have reviewed the product .
 I usually enjoy Neutrogena products but this face wash really missed the mark . The formula included a musk scent intended to make this more of a `` men 's '' skin care product . Just because a product is marketed toward a man does n't mean it has to smell like a forest or wet dog . Also , the fact that it 's a face wash and the scent is inches from your nose amplifies the scent . Keep it simple , make it work and you will have happy customers . Get rid of the scent in the future please ...
 For no apparent reason , the American version of the product contains menthol , which is known to be a skin irritant . This is probably why the product induces redness of the skin rather than preventing it . The similar product I bought in Singapore contained no menthol , had a more solid consistency , did not irritate the skin , and worked excellently .
 I was disappointed with the SkinMedica TNS LipPlump System 2 x 0.06 , considering how expensive it was.I had no noticeable difference after one month of use . Also the first tube is completely finished . That was sooner than I expected.It was a waste of money and I would not recommend it .
 I have purchased this product over the last several years and been happy with it . This time the tube stopped working within a week or two of it 's first use . I do n't know if the tube is jammed or empty but I am not getting any product . Not happy .
 The item is very POOR quality . My guess is it is home made . The worst part is they charged over $ 10 for shipping a 3 OZ item in a regular envelope ! What a rip off !!!
 This was a complete knock off , not the real product at all . Not worth the price whatsoever . The seller completely falsely represented the product , even to the extent of putting a fraudulent picture of the real product on Amazon so buyer would not know any better .
 Conair may have stopped making this particular model . Either way , I have to say that I really like this hair dryer ! The reversible diffuser has been one of the best I 've ever used , and my super-fine hair gets dried without becoming burned or frizzy.Now the bad news ... I 've owned 3 of these over the last few years . I know that a hair dryer typically has a rather short life , so perhaps my expectations are too high , but I 've had the same problems with the dryer each time I bought one : * The detachable filter is very flimsy and breaks very quickly . * The diffuser - although great - also tends to break at the point where it connects to the dryer , and then the diffuser will continuously flop around while the dryer is in use.Hopefully Conair can come up with a model that is similar without these flaws .
 I received a free sample of these with purchase of some opi nail polish . These wipes are just the worst . When you try to place polish remover upon one , they are not absorbent , like cotton pads , so the chemical gets all over your hands.They are terrible at removing polish as they ca n't hold hardly any chemical . If you want to see what these are like , cut a 1x1 square of paper and try to use it with polish remover on your nails . Not too effective-really-I 'd rather have some lint.Obviously , I would never buy these and will be tossing them into the trash-too bad .
 I am very disappointed and unhappy that yet again , from the make-up mall i have yet again not received my items ordered ! I can not review an item that i have never received !!!!!! DONT ORDER OPI EXPERT TOUGH NAIL WIPES AS YOU WILL NEVER RECEIVE THE ITEM ORDERED!OPI Expert Tough Nail Wipes Lint-Free 200 Wipes
 These wipes arrived and they were dry . Maybe I mis-understood the product description , but I thought they were wipes for removing nail polish . These were simply dried out cloths . Total disappointment .
 I wanted to love this product . I knew I had to be careful choosing a hydrating mask because I have oily skin so I thought this H2O mask was perfect to get me through the winter months . The consistency is pretty thick , similar to a lotion . The scent is pleasant . Even though I left the mask on for the recommend amount of time , it just felt like it was sitting on top of my skin-not really getting absorbed at all . After several uses and nearly finishing the tube , I have n't noticed any difference in my skin . I think this product is seriously overpriced and ineffective .
 I would not order this product through Amazon again . The shipping fee was out of reason . I like the product but will find another outlet .
 This is a moderately expensive small bottle of foam that has a medicinal smell to it but does n't do much else . I have been using it for about a month and have n't noticed any hint of what the product claims to do regarding hair growth . I wo n't waste my money again .
 I followed the directions carefully , but the product did n't seem to have any effect at all -- it still took an hour for my highlights to lighten and I did n't notice any conditioning effect .
 When I was a teenager , yrs ago ... . this was my fav ! Not quite what I recall . Smells like an old perfume from my Aunts ' collection on her mirrored tray on her bedroom dresser , that 's been there a little too long .
 SeaPlasma is fantastic stuff . I 'm writing this review to caution potential buyers that MyBeauty Warehouse charges 7.50 to ship a single 8.50 item - almost doubling your price ! Buyer beware .
 I have never minded a product 's fragance before , but this - blegh ! On top of that , it made my skin feel sticky , did n't improve my hair , and is all around pretty useless . For reference , I have long , thick , smooth wavy Asian hair .
 I ordered this because I read that it would be good for my 3 year old daughter 's thin , flyaway hair . It arrived today and the smell emerged as soon as I opened the shipping box . I do n't know how to describe it except to say that it 's extremely strong and highly unpleasant . Like really gross cheap perfume , maybe ? Vaguely like perm solution but stronger and more perfum-y ? Since so many of the reviews I read said the fragrance was pleasant , I thought maybe it would get better after a few minutes so I sprayed a half-pump at my daughter 's hair . An hour later she still smells awful . We are NOT picky about scents in our house ; we regularly use Bag Balm and some other stinky but good products , but SeaPlasma is so horrible that I have a headache ... daughter is going in the shower and SeaPlasma is going back . No idea how well it performs as a moisturizer because we ca n't get past the stink . Yuck ! Editing to add that I asked my mom to smell it and she was n't nearly as put off my the scent as we were .
 I had high hopes for this product on my extremely dry skin and hair but it smelled so bad I almost gagged . I am glad others like it but it 's not for me .
 Do not buy this product it smells terrible unfortunate for me it came from a private seller and would cost more to return.This product does n't make hair any easier to comb thru and it smelled so bad I had to rehash my hair before I went out !!! Yuck
 I have been buying this product for years . I use it on myself and children.I would have given the product itself 5 stars but ... I take a few stars away because half the spray pumps do n't work and the customer service is atrocious . I called the 800 number on the back to ask for a new pump . The message says they do n't open until 9:45 . So I call back . An older man that sounds like he is in his living room tells me `` why do n't you just take it back where you bought it from ? '' Really ?! Lastly , Harmon Face Value sells it for 4 bucks .
 I bought this product at Walmart and so glad I did because I only wasted 3 dollars . I did n't mind the smell , but it did considerable damage to my hair , making it dry and brittle as others have mentioned . As far as toning down the gold brass in my hair , I ca n't say it did anything remarkable to help this . It seems like there is a bit more ash in some areas and the gold has faded , but it is nowhere as effective as I thought it would be . I guess I should use it a few more times , but considering I have long and fine hair , I 'm afraid to do any more damage . It left my hair with the worst texture ever . I 've had hair dye that was less damaging .
 That 's harder to get rid of than skunk , and almost as bad ! No kidding -- made my hair smell like institutional floor cleaner mixed with sour clogged-drain odor , which you could smell at 10 yards away and lingered when I left the room . Scrubbed my hair with other shampoos for three days before a even small dent could be made in the odor , and to top it off , just one application of this essence de fishbait also left my hair looking like brittle straw covered with a film of old wax.Bought this as part of my search for something to replace the much-missed Silver Expression shampoo which recently stopped being produced . The search must continue ... I regret to say that somehow I accidentally bought two bottles of this junk , which is definitely like the old joke about first prize is a weekend in Cleveland , second prize is 2 weeks in Cleveland ... do yourself a favor , folks
 the product was okay but ordering from Amazon is a joke . When I found out shipping tripled the price I tried to cancel and Amazon would n't let me . NEVER AGAIN ! I found it somewhere else and got two bottles and shipping for half of Amazons price .
 I purchased this based on the reviews I read and was expecting a great replacement to Pantene . What I got was a product that dried my hair out making it feel like straw and smelled horrible . In spite of only using a quarter of the shampoo , I threw this out.In all honestly I could not and would not recommend this product .
 i bought this shampoo for my blonde highlighted hair after reading all of the glowing reviews . however , after i used it for about a month i realized that my hair was yellow and i thought i needed to get my highlights touched up . then i realized that it was the shampoo ! i immediately ordered Shimmer Lights and WOW my hair looks awesome . it got rid of all of the brassiness that this shampoo allowed my hair to acquire . my hair is now back to it 's ashy blonde hue that i love . get Shimmer Lights instead if you have blonde highlights !
 I have used Jhirmack Silver Brightening Shampoo for several years and feel confident that it is a good part of the reason I get so many compliments on my silver hair . I consider myself a young and active woman who happens to have gray hair and I love the way my hair looks . But I recently purchased a bottle of the new formula `` Jhirmack Distinctions Silver Plus '' -LRB- the old product was not available -RRB- and even though it now contains a little more than half as much product and is a bit more expensive than the larger bottle I was more than willing to give it a try . Huge mistake ! The shampoo itself seems to be about the same , maybe a little harder to rinse out of my hair , but the fragrance is horrible ! If anything was made to make me feel like an old lady this shampoo is it ! The fragrance is so strong and reminds me of walking into the room when my grandma 's sewing group was meeting . Way too strong ! I spent a couple of days hoping it would get less strong but next shampoo time had to use my husband 's shampoo after using my Jhirmack in order to wash out the smell . There is no way I could use my usual fragrance after washing my hair with Jhirmack . If Jhirmack brings back the old formula or brings out a frangrance free product I will go back to using it again . But until then I will be looking for a different silver enhancing shampoo .
 I 've tried the shampoo twice now and I do not like it . It did make my hair a little shinier , but did not remove the brass from my dyed blonde hair . Also , it made my hair so tangled after I towel-dried it that when I tried to brush through it parts of my hair broke off . It also did not moisturize at all , but left my hair more coarse and dry than before . I tried it because it 's cheaper than Shimmer Lights , but I guess you get what you pay for . I just purchased the Shimmer Lights shampoo in hopes of some better results .
 I ordered this because it had good reviews but tried it and it does n't do the job toning down brassiness . I have used simply silver by nexxus and it worked but i was out and ordered jhirmack silver brightening shampoo . You can find simply silver cheaper than on amazon , I just bought it from fasham beauty center , on line and with shipping it only came to $ 16.94 .
 I 've used this brand for many years . The new formula is watery and has changed my hair color to a yellowish shade . Another great product down the tubes .
 CAUTION -- this is the same packaging but the formula has changed dramatically ! Like many others I started using this Jhirmack product when Pantene discontinued its `` silver hair '' shampoo , and found it to be an OK substitute , but I just opened my replacement bottle and it 's not AT ALL the same as previous Jhirmack bottles . This shampoo is runny and pale , dries out my hair , and creates wave after wave of AWFUL smells , both in the shampooing and afterwards
 This product started working really well , but then ... JUST RUINED MY SKIN ! I felt like it was a waste because it only made a difference for the first week and then . . nothing . I do n't know how each indicidal will feel when they try this but personally I did not think it was that effective .
 I got this hair dryer in Fall of 2006 . It worked great at first , but after about two and a half months of using it 2-3 times a week , the dryer lost most of its power . Instead of taking 5-10 minutes to dry my hair , it took at least 20 , and even then my hair was n't completely dried . Skip this hairdryer , find something better .
 From my perspective , this product is WAAAY overpriced ! I was very disappointed -- and my eye doctor had recommended it . I wonder if he really understands.I was hoping to get a refund ...
 I was hopeful about TranquilEyes , but after using it -LRB- and having some compromised sleep -RRB- for 3 weeks , it has not seemed to make a difference in my night time dry eyes . While I am a sensitive sleeper , and know that not everyone is , the goggles were really pretty comfortable . I just did n't see any change in the dryness of my eyes from them .
 I have severe dry eye and my doctor recommended purchasing this item . I had high hopes that it was the answer . However , IMHO it does n't work . The pads do n't stay warm for longer than a washcloth soaked in hot water . And it 's more time-consuming to use . The pads do n't really touch your eyes and they do n't seem to create steam , so I 'm not sure what they 're supposed to be doing . I feel like the product is way over-priced . I would be less disappointed if I had wasted $ 20 for this product , but $ 45 ... what a rip off .
 I purchased this product expecting it would have the results it promised but I used it for one night and in the morning I woke up with red , tired and wirnkles around my eyes . I thought this would be something that would work but it did n't , the only positive comment is that if you have to sleep in the day you wo n't notice any light.I hope this comment is helpful .
 It 's dissapoiment , It 's really bad fragance . It is a product that seems rebuilt and really smells very badIt is a product that seems rebuilt and really smells very bad
 I actually have the 1.7 oz spray of horizion , thank goodness . Another scent that was short lived for guy laroche , whos best known scent is Drakkar . This scent reminds me at times of an older womans overpowering perfume , or the bad scent of original polo . It has a more mossy smell , and at time I swear it can smell like a locker room , not cool . Not close to his Drakkar line , thank goodness guy laroche did n't name it after it , because this may have stoped his sales . Something different , but not an every day scent by far , and use sparingly .
 I was n't really happy with the thinning shears because they really did n't do the the job that I was looking for them to do . For starters , when I received the shears , there were already chips on the blade . Every time when I used them , they got caught in the chipped part of the blade . They also would n't cut any hair at all . Also , when I closed the shear on the hair , they got pulled on the hair . They are a great price but you always get what you pay for . There are definitely better ones out there . If you want quality , sometimes you have to pay for it .
 Very disappointed . Paid for overnight shipping so I could clean-up my golden retriever before we go away for the weekend . Opened the package and the tip was gone from the scissors . Checked envelope to see if was the fault of the packaging -- maybe it got damaged in transit . But nope , no tip in the envelope -LRB- bubble-wrapped envelope only -RRB- and the plastic storage case -LRB- flexible plastic -RRB- and the tip was nowhere to be found . I was shipping damaged goods . Now I have to make a special trip to drop of the return package and will not be buying anything else from BigFlySports -- thankfully Amazon stands behind their sales !
 I have never received this order unitl today -LRB- April 26th 2009 -RRB- although my credit card was charged . Letter to Beautiful Perfumes was not answered . All my other orders from Amazon com in the past few years were without problemsAlma Dzubur Kulenovic
 I thought this would have a pleasant scent . To me , it did n't . It sat for months and I ended up throwing it away .
 The company canceled the item as they said they had no -LRB- refill -RRB- stock or supply .
 For the price , . . this stuff should do a better job of detangling and conditioning at the same time . I have a $ 3 bottle of detangler that does the same job . I had hoped this would be a whole lot better .
 The shower gel lacked any scent as well as it did n't lather much ! I was very disappointed ! I expected it to be much better ,
 This is a very poorly designed product , especially considering it is far more expensive than most sets I have bought before . The clips that hold the curlers in place are huge , there is no where convenient to put them like the small metal ones . They are heavy and feel clumsy on my head . There is no where nice to grab the curlers so I burn my fingers sometimes . I guess it heats up fine , but they are so difficult to deal with that I have yet to get a nice curl .
 I bought this because it contained Jumbo rolllers as part of the set . When it arrived , the largest rolller was 13/4 inches , not Jumbo which is 2 inches , I sent it back .
 I ordered the white version of these in early Sept. . They arrived in black . I sent them back and reordered the white . I had them for less than 8 months and only used them about twice a week . They stopped heating up in early May.Hot rollers are n't much good if they wo n't heat up . I 've purchased several Conair rollers sets over the years and each time they break earlier and earlier . If they did n't work so well with my hair I would n't have kept trying . But never again . I 'm going to try to find some that hold the curl , do n't get tangled or leave marks and stay functional for a reasonable length of time .
 These rollers fall out of my hair within minutes ... even those that stay in , they do n't curl my hair . I would definitely not buy this and will return it now .
 i was happy that i received the product but was not happy with the amount i got in the bottle , It was supposed to be a 1oz bottle but when i got it the bottle was 1/2 full .
 Ok , it did plump my lips a little bit , but it only lasted for about 10 minutes . It has a very strange flavor , I ca n't describe it , but it is odd , not very pleasant . I think I got a defective bottle because it was less than half full , but for $ 2.49 , it 's not worth complaining about . I gave it 2 stars anyways because it made my lips feel velvety soft .
 DO NOT BUY ! this is the worse product ever . it made my hair brittle and my hair broke with every washing and still continues to break . i do n't know what to do now . i had to buy another shampoo to repair the damage that this product did to my hair . its HORRIBLE !
 I do not usually buy hair color for women of color however , I thought since I am black that I would try the dark and lovely but I am going back to Garnier or Revlon . They cover gray .
 In my opinion this product is hard on your hair . The color is pretty after you dye it but the split ends , damaged hair & breakage is n't . Use at your own risk .
 I feel robbed because I paid $ 30 for hair color , an item that is usually $ 7 at the most . I 've used it because it was the color that I so desperately wanted , but just be warned ... whatever the price ... be sure it 's the quantity that you need .
 More softsheen carson crap . People , please wake up ! This company 's products use the same ingredients
 Hugo Boss cologne has a reputation with me for being strong , way too strong , almost choking . I like my colognes to be gentle , clean and long lasting . i usually go for Aqua like perfumes e.g D&G Light blue . I saw Aqua on this Hugo Boss and decided to give it a try , I am looking for something long lasting . Well this was a typical Hugo , choking and strong . It announces it presence way before you enter the room , its loud . There is no `` Aqua '' feeling in this one , certainly not light and watery . I discarded it quickly , but it may work for some others folks .
 I bought a Conair instant heat hairsetter and I need the clips for best results so I bought it too . The point is that the clips are weak and you ca n't grab firmly you hair on the roll . The result ... . bad curls !!!!!!
 I thought this product would solve the problem of hot pins on the scalp and the clips dont clip tight enough , and dont hold your hair in place either .
 These clips were a little cheaply made and the teeth were too long . I 'd recommend them only to people that are lookig for a cheap alternative . My advice ? Do NOT look for a cheap alternative .
 I already had some of these that I bought 3 years ago at a brick-and-mortar beauty supply store . These new ones , although boxed as Conair Super Clips , do not even come close to the quality of the ones I already had . These are made from inferior plastic - not as rigid as the `` real '' ones - and they are ever so slightly smaller . They barely work to keep my fine hair rolled in place . If you have thick and/or long hair , these will not do the job . Buy `` real '' ones from a brick-and-mortar store .
 I worn this perfume in the past , purchased from dept store . This product caused a rash on my neck . I tested it twice to verify . Very dissatisfied with the quality , smells like an impostor .
 just a bad scent , not at all what I imagined from description , smells exactly like the chemical ladden perfume counter in the department store .
 I bought one from Macys last year . This cologne is too strong and the citrus smell just makes breathing difficult . Two times I sprayed this cologne on my shirt , I had to wash them before wearing again . I stopped using this cologne after . -LRB- and gave it as a gift to one of my friends . . Shhh :-RRB- -RRB- I only gave 2 stars because , some people might like a very strong citrus smell but I personally prefer something lighter like Aqua Di Gio .
 La colonia que solicite -LRB- de esta imagen -RRB- no es la que me llego y tiene un olor muy fuerte y diferente
 I read all comments to make sure that this is the real one because it is `` sold and ship by Amazon '' . But I was wrong ! Absolutely disappointed ! Not even close to the real one ! You can not smell it anymore after 30 minutes except that you take your shirt close to your nose . No middle and last note , only strong and dirty citrus smell left on your shirt . Must be watered down or something in it . And I can not return !!! I will NEVER NEVER buy fragrance on amazon , for sure ...
 En realidad el producto no llegado a mis manos , no me percate que los perfumes son un problemas para despacharlos a otros paises . Necesito una soluci&oacute;n pronto .
 I just bought it and it has come with an empty bottle and the box without gelatin ... I was shocked . Plus I can not return the item and there is even no smell in the hollow . Manufacturing error !!!
 I decided to ignore the rest of these reviews saying the color does n't last long and bought the product anyway . I should have listened . I applied the color and the results were gorgeous . Three to four days later it had already faded significantly . So now I 'm on the lookout for a different hair dye that will last much longer .
 I used it and followed all the instructions at the back of the bottle , and did n't do any effect on my hair even if the I let it stay in my hair for 30 minutes . I 'm very disappointed , it feels like I just wasted my money by buying this stuff . . : -LRB-
 The contents of the jar I received were lemon-scented , with the consistency of watery play-doh . I can only assume that someone mixed the ink from a scented marker with some play-doh and kept the hair dye for themselves , since the lemon-doh did not change the color of my hair whatsoever .
 i bought this punky color turqouise to go over my light magenta hair based on the premise red & blue make purple well i only left it on for 30 min tops no heat and it turned my hair jet blue black disappointed next time i will use manic panic
 I used the color `` Flamingo Pink '' along with some `` Ebony . '' I created a chunking effect . The color is good , however it is EVERYWHERE now . It has been over three weeks since I colored my hair and if my hair touches anything , the dye transfers . It is really bad if my hair is wet , but even with my hair dry , there is a color transfer . My towels , pillows , sheets , clothing , parts of my shower lining , the shower curtain and many other things now have pink and purple splotches on them . The black hair dye transfers as dark purple . If I hug someone , my hair transfers a faded purple and pink stain that kind of looks like purple and pink dust . I can not wear any of my good clothing because the collar will be ruined by the dye transfer . So , I spent all of that time coloring my hair , and now I have to wrap my hair in a scarf to avoid getting dye everywhere . Not to mention the expense and embarrassment of accidentally getting color on everything .
 I was initially very excited to try Punky Colours because it seems to be recommended as much as two other great brands - Manic Panic and Special Effects . I 've tried and enjoyed both of those in similar shades , but though I 'd give this brand a shot to see if it was any better . To put it simply , it is not , and in fact , it is much worse.PROS : - Is packaged in a tub -LRB- as opposed to a squeeze bottle like Special Effects -RRB- so it 's easy to get the product out . - The color itself seems relatively true to what it should be . - Same price or a bit cheaper than its competitors.CONS : - The smell is very strong and chemical-y compared to other dyes . - The dye is hard to wash out of your hair and off your skin . - Despite the point above , it fades EXTREMELY quickly . - If you decide not to buy off of Amazon , It is harder to locate than other semi-permanent dyes.In short , my experience was this
 Bought this for my daughter and she has dirty blonde hair . We put it in waited and rinsed it out . After the first wash it was fine but the second wash took all the color out
 Let me start off by saying that I have been dying my hair with semi-permanent hair dye for over a decade.I have used a wide range of colors and am aware that results vary by hair type and condition.I was very let down to see upon opening the dye that its actually navy blue and not ebony as labeled.The color is extremely off . I will add that I did go ahead and give it a chance , still the results were terrible.Ebony means black not dark blue . disappointed .
 The color was n't what I had expected . It was n't anywhere near the shade of green that it was suppose to be . I 've been dyeing my hair for 7 years myself and decided to try this brand because I 'd never heard of it before . However I must say it did smell good .
 After reading such wonderful reviews about this , I thought it would work for sure . Well my daughter had just used Splat Blue envy in her hair , which was n't enough by any means to cover her hair , but the color was strong and even stained some of her scalp . So we went back to get more color and figured we did n't need a whole kit , so grabbed this one . Her hair had already been bleached , and colored blue . So you 'd think this woulda just helped intensify the blue . It turned out a washed out teal color . Not vibrant at all . It literally feels like finger paints and has the same consistency . It looks like her hair turned green from swimming in chlorine . We 're just gon na go back and get more of the splat to finish the job . So frustrated that this didnt work.BTW she left it on for about 40 min -LRB- on already blueish hair ! -RRB- which is longer than they recommend . If it does indeed work better after hours of leaving the product in , then I still fault the company for not stating so . This does NOT cover completely . It just gives a blue/green tint to whatever color you have -LRB- hers was a very light brown/blonde after bleaching . -RRB- I 've seen better results from halloween hair spray ! IT IS NOT DYE ! IT DOES NOT COVER !
 I 'm sure this is great for people with light hair . My hair was a light auburn this turned it black pretty much . You can very VERY faintly see purple ... It 's staining everything however ! lol . This did work better than Manic Panic for me . It 's alright .
 It was OK , but we have dark hair so it did n't shown up on us . I 'll not dye my 8 & 9 yrs old girl 4 the dye . I 'll just have 2 remember that product did work 4 us .
 The Good : No ammonia burn , pleasant grape-like smell , results
 I ordered Lagoon Blue thinking it would be a light sky blue , like it used to be but much to my dismay , it was not even close.I applied it over a section of platinum blonde hair and thought it looked kind of crappy as soon as I started putting it on but I hoped it might rinse to a better color . No such luck . I left it for about 45 min and it rinsed to a disgusting , swampy , ugly turquoise . It looked like I had dyed it Alpine Green 4 months ago and just let it fade to this mess.I had my hair Lagoon Blue about 15 years ago and it was a perfect shade of sky blue , I do n't know what went wrong.Waste of time . Waste of money .
 I got this dye a week after the expected delivery . Once the dye came , I left it in for about 4 hours in my bleached copper blonde hair , expecting it to be a dark but vibrant purple . The results
 I 've been a loyal user of this dye for a really long time now , I think I 've ordered at least 6 of these in the past 6 months xD But this time around the shipping was incredibly slow -LRB- I STILL do n't have it -RRB- and I really needed it today so I could redye my hair before a concert I 'm going to tonight . Sigh . I 'm mostly disappointed because in the past I 've received my orders within 4 days of placing them , and it 's been a week . Oh well . I 'd recommend this product to anyone wanting perfectly purple hair , but if you need it fast , use another seller : /
 I got this color to dye my human hair platinium blond extensions . Left it in for an hour and half of it did n't even stay . Was left with part blond part nasty looking blue hair extensions . So I used a second bottle and left it for four hours and the same effect . Going for color jamz now .
 I bleach my hair before any dying so the color takes well , but this turned out too dark , it 's like black and only purple when light 's shined on it , it smells good though
 I bought this for my daughter . She wanted streaks in her hair and I did n't see the point in buying something that would wash right out . I did some research and this product got pretty good reviews so this is what I decided to use . I washed her hair right before and did not condition . I dried her hair and then added this product . My daughter has non treated dirty blonde hair . I left this product on for an hour . Using heat from the dryer to help it stain the hair . After rinsing and conditioning her hair was left with a beautiful purple color that she totally loved . It lasted 1 shower . Now you can barely see it !! It went from this vibrant purple to barely there !! Totally disappointed !
 I saw this and thought it was a very bright red , I purchases the purple and it was amazing , unfortunatelly I have to send this order back for a refund , I am sure alot of people will like it this is not the bright red I had expected
 dont apply this product to blonde or light hair expecting it to be `` semi permanent '' ... its not , so i guess if you want the colour to last then its great . its also not violet , its more of a very dark almost black ink blue . it has a strange chemical grape fragrance too .
 Very subtle . Also similar to Manic Panic . Looks ok when it is newly on , then rinses out off putting pink color . In no rush to use it again . Does n't color gray very well , even salonist said so when cutting my hair .
 I bought this product for my daughter we were told it was better then Manic Panic , it is not ! It fades very fast and when it fades its very green in color , and it rubs off on towels and bed sheets and everything else !! I would not recommend it if you are looking for lasting color .
 I do n't like punky colour at all!I have tried several different semi-permanent hair dyes including manic panic and splat and this is definitely the worst!To begin with , it has an awful grape medicine scent and this color bleeds like crazy ! It was just ... EVERYWHERE.And after all the trouble I went through , it did n't even show up on my hair!At least manic panic 's vampire red tints my hair.this did pretty much nothing.never buying punky colour again.maybe it would work on someone with bleached hair .
 All this did was dye my scalp . Beyond a waste of money ! Not only did it not color my hair , it 's only one use , despite being a large container !
 I normally use Manic Panic Rock N Roll Red or Pillarbox Red , but Sally 's was closed and I needed to spruce myself up before an event the next day . So I headed over to Ulta to see what I could find . I am a huge fan of Manic Panic as it is a natural , vegan , non-damaging product and I figured Jerome Russell 's Punky Color was equivalent ... Not so much . The bottom inch or two of my hair has been breaking off ever since . To be fair , the color is nice and the product smells great -- It does stain the hands a lot more than MP , but lasts longer in the hair . I 'm not sure what the difference is in the formula , but I will definitely be going back to Manic Panic because after using MP my hair actually feels softer and more conditioned than before using it . I highly recommend Manic Panic over Jerome Russell 's Punky Color .
 This product is NOT PURPLE , !!! this is a bright magenta at most this color has a lot of pink in it ! Do n't get this ! it 's very ugly !
 i ordered this color because it looked red on here . when i got it it was an orange instead . tried it anyway thinking maybe it would darken , it did n't , in fact it barely deposited any color . next time i 'll stick with the brands i know work instead of going for a cheaper one .
 I purchased the Atlantic Blue color , and after totally stripping my hair of any color , until it was white blonde , I applied the product . Even with baby oil it still stained my skin terribly , in fact the stain on my skin lasted longer than the color in my hair . I left it on for 15 minutes past the stated time , just in case , and when I rinsed it out , the bottom half of my shoulder length hair was Atlantic blue , and the top half washed out to a teal green . This after just rinsing the dye out from the original application ! I had the color in for 10 days , and today I just dyed my hair back to it 's original red color , as the blue was so faded there was hardly any color left at my crown and the bottom length was a sickly teal green ... after only two washes . I was very disappointed.I stripped my hair so the color would take , and now it is a dry and brittle mess , and for nothing.The good parts : It smelled really , really good , like blueberries.It was easy to apply.It is pretty thick , so it did not drip much.The bad parts : The color does not stay true.It stains the skin HORRIBLY , for days , even when using some kind of oil to prevent it , and it will not come off with anything , not even acetone.Even with barely shoulder length hair , one bottle was not enough to really do the job well.It will stain sheets and pillows for days afterwards , even if hair is totally dry.All in all , I was very disappointed in the experience . The color looked better before I washed it out , and once the water got to it , half the color was gone simply from rinsing the dye out , even after leaving it on for longer than indicated by the directions .
 I bought the 1.2 ml JPG sampler to see how long lasting it was . Unfortunatly when it arrived it only had ONE small spritz -LSB- not even enough for a small sample application -RSB- . It did smell nice but I could have gotten a better sample from a magazine scratch and sniff . With shipping it cost me almost 7 bucks , what a rip off .
 Where is my order ? this is the second time it took so long to get it ? and your account doesnt have any contacting number/seller ? So , when i am gon na receive it ?
 My understanding is that this fragrance is no longer manufactured . This is not what I thought to be the last bottle in town lucky find . What 's inside the bottle is bogus . It does n't even smell like the original fragrance gone stale . Stay away and save your money . The company I bought from said to return it -LRB- at my expense , of course -RRB- . I am not spending another dime on that rip off . I do not waste money but I tossed it into the trash and took the loss . That mystery stuff could be toxic .
 I did not like this product at all . It does not smell like I remembered this fragrance to smell ; It seemed and smelled like it was outdated , cheap and very old . Poor Quality , not happy at all .
 I purchased the perfume as a gift . When I opened the package I could strongly smell the perfume and discovered that it had leaked out of the top of the bottle onto the bottle , box , and packaging . Some of the perfume was missing as a result of this . If I was purchasing this for myself , it would n't have been as big of a concern , but it was embarassing giving it to someone as a gift with some of it missing .
 I ordered Lutece by Dana , but what I got is by another nameand the fragrance is not the same.Amazon was very kind to make a correction on the order . So Istill do n't have the fragrance I ordered.What happened to Dana?If Lutece by Dana is available I would like to reorder.Edna Tamarin
 I bought this item based on reviews . Definitely not to my liking . Not sure how to describe same . Going to give it to relative . Hoping her taste is different from mine .
 I remember this smelling much better about 20 years ago !!! My mother used to wear it and I would sneak and use it as well . Once upon a time I love it but the smell is waaaaaaay different now !!!! I now have 2 bottles of something that literally makes me sick !
 I was looking for a travel bag that had various compartments to put your personal grooming items in . The item description says `` Features special compartments '' which is not the case at all . The bag is flimsy and has one plastic pouch on one side . Definitely not worth the price .
 Nivea 's `` Renewal Night Creme '' is -LRB- was -RRB- one of its best products . However Nivea discontinued it quite some time ago . Whatever old stock of it is left is still available here and there - - but it 's extremely over-priced . I purchased it for several years at prices ranging from $ 5 to $ 10 - - and now it 's in the exorbitant range of $ 25 to $ 30 !! As such , forget buying it here - - or anywhere else it 's offered . I recommend the alternative of Nivea 's `` Soft Creme , '' which is essentially the same as the former `` Renewal Night Creme , '' and can be purchased at Walgreens , CVS , Target , etc. etc. for between $ 6 and $ 7 .
 I could n't wait to try this lotion , since I usually love Nivea 's products ... but I was let down . Josh bought this for me , and it 's a good lotion , but not worth the money they want for it . I have moved onto a much better lotion , and I reccomend you skip this one , atleast until the price comes down .
 I wanted the microfiber towel but the beauty shop I was in did n't have it , just this head wrap . I tried for a few weeks but could n't get it to work satisfactorily , so I took it back in . The clerk showed me how to use it , though , and I tried again but it still had the problems of it being unwieldy and too tight that others have reported.Trying to make it a towel , I then attempted to remove the elastic , but it 's sewn in , so I just chopped the blasted thing apart and use it as a strange , star-shaped towel .
 I would have preferred to give this product zero stars but the form did not provide zero as an option . First it has a noxious odor which remained after 7 washings . Next it was very difficult to twist and attach the end to the button . Finally when it was attached and in place it left my hair wetter than it usually is when I wrap it in a simple cotton terry towel . Do n't waste your money . Use a towel . I would have returned this but for Amazon 's 30 day policy .
 UPDATE
 This product is extremely hard to put on your head . You have to put in on , twist it and then button it into a small loop on the back of your head . At that point , it slips back on your head and your hair falls out . My daughter was unable to get it to work properly either . I may return it , but with the price of return shipping , it 's almost not worth it . I would be embarrassed to give it as a gift . I have purchased a microfiber hair towel from this same company and it works great but I would not recommend the hair turban at all .
 this towel stinks ! it 's a cotton towel not a magic hair dryer !!! it does n't dry your hair or stay on your head !! i returned it as quickly as I could !!
 Not easy to figure out how to use , took a couple of tries . Dries NO better than wrapping your head in a towel !!
 This product was a complete waste of money . I would have returned it if I could . It is no better than a towel and much more expensive .
 I should have read the reviews BEFORE I went and bought this item ! You will have to guess how to apply this turban to your head because the picture is quite vague . However , the key is to stretch it , then twist it , and then button int he back . This does n't work , because the item is EXTREMELY SMALL . I have thin medium-length hair btw so I can not imagine who this product would be useful for , except possibly a very small child.I wrote to the company to inform them I was VERY disappointed . I am glad however I bought one first , before getting one for a gift !
 This hair turban is a weird shape and hard to use . Spend the extra couple of buck and get the real Aquis turban . Its MUCH better .
 I had trouble getting this to fit on my head . It seemed small , even though I do n't have a huge head . Twisting it and getting the button attached were a hassle . I 'd be tempted to think it was my own lack of coordination , but I have no problems with the Twisty Towels I got at Bed Bath and Beyond . Also , the Twisty Towels were cheaper , and the fabric was just as nice.So , if you like a challenge and want to spend twice as much , then buy this product . Otherwise , try the Twisty Towels .
 The fabric and size of this hair towel is the worst I have ever used . I have at least one of every hair towel on the market from over the years because my hair takes forever to dry so I need to wrap and then blowe dry after awhile of soaking the water out.The size is ridiculous - it squeezes my head so hard it gives me headache in 5 minutes or less-granted my head is sensitive but has never been sensitive to a hair wrap . It 's agony to wear this . The fabric has an awful static quality to it - it sticks to everything , zaps your head or hand with static , collects everything from the dryer , lint , strings , anything it can suck off of other fabrics , it does . But the worst part is that it is rough on your hands . The inside is soft but the outside snags and catches on your hands , or a blankets/pillow case if you lay down , it 's just the worst quality and most expensive hair towel I have found .
 This is a nice idea that doesnt work at all . I bought this to have a small , light , neat way to keep my hair out of the way while using facial masks , bubble baths etc. . . but the thing wont stay on your head , it rides up so your hair is exposed , it pulls uncomfortably at the front of your hairline -- it 's pretty useless.Stick to using a towel and save your money .
 This is the worst product - I washed the turban ONCE -LRB- before I ever used it ! -RRB- and the button fell off . I sewed it back on . I used the towel twice , and on the second try the loop snapped and so I ca n't use it at all anymore if I wanted to -LRB- it is n't large enough to just twist and tuck under -RRB- . Horrible . Not to mention this does n't work any better than a regular old towel . PLEASE do n't waste your money !
 I have had microfiber hair turbans in the past and I must say that I am the least satisfied with this one . The elastic is constantly riding up and the turban just pops off my head . Maybe I have an odd shaped head . This product would be much better off without the elastic . I am thinking of trying to take it out somehow . It is basically useless to me . I would definitely go with the other ones . On the bright side , the packaging is really cute .
 I bought this towel with the intention of using it turban style to `` plop '' my curly hair and dry it faster . The turban style is hard to accomplish -LRB- it took me several tries to figure out how to make the little rubber band go around the button to make a turban -RRB- and not good for plopping . I use it sideways so I can plop and encourage curl formation . So for curly heads , if you want a microfiber towel , stick with the regular ones . The turbans smush your hair and wo n't really work for plopping unless you use them just as you would a regular t-shirt or microfiber towel.The Diva Dryer does not dry my hair faster , as advertised . I do n't notice any difference when using the Diva Dryer compared to using a plain old men 's t-shirt . Both will absorb excess water -LRB- the t-shirt will feel wetter -RRB- and my hair will not be discernably drier after using the Diva Dryer . Thus , I do n't think this costly towel is worth the money .
 This is an absolute waste of money and it is ridiculously hard to maneuver . Thumbs down . I returned mine .
 I bought this as a gift for the holidays for someone who loves soaps.Part of the appeal of this was that the image above shows a charmingly designed box.However the seller placed the box in a padded envelope so it arrived crunched and in poor condition.I could not give it as a present because the box was all caved in and looked like it had been sat on.The seller needs to not send this item in a soft padded envelope .
 I was so excited to get this product , that 's until I put it on my head . My hair started falling out immediately , and I 'm not talking about a couple hairs , I am talking about a brush full of hair . It scared me , I thought if I keep it on all night like it instructs you to do , that I would be bald the next morning , so I washed it out . It continued to fall out while rinsing it in the shower , the only thing that seemed to stop the hair from falling out after the rinse was the washing of head and shoulder shampoo on my scalp . Now I 'm not sure if this is true or not , but I was told that Asian hair products are way too strong for Caucasian hair . Does any one know if this is true , because if that is the case that might have been why it did n't work for me . Does anyone know ?
 I put the headband on one time and one of the Velcro tabs came off . After , I re-attached the tab it was just fine . Mitt is nice and soft .
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- I read the product description ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- I read the glowing reviews ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- I bought the product . The product arrived ... boy , am I sorry I ever sorry I took the first step.The headband , at 3 inches wide , is too wide to be used as a headband without slipping , and unless one has a large head that does not slope inward and upward for those 3 inches , it will not stay positioned ; I do n't . So , I tried folding the headband in half -- of course , that renders the Velcro dots unusable . Tossed the band aside and preceded to slip the `` mitt '' over my hand . LOL . The mitt was formed for the hand of a nine-year child . I barely managed to get my thumb into the opening . The entire thing comes to no more than 2 inches below my wrist and I find it very awkward to use . I considered carefully cutting the seam to open the mitt up ; that is , create a flat strip of material , however , the fabric would unravel because all the edges were not finished off.I sure am glad I only paid $ 10 for the thing and I am equally sorry I paid $ 10 for the useless thing .
 Years ago my girlfriend bought the HEART one of California Baby as a gift for her friend - who turns out LOVE it . So I decided to order a variety of small bottles to give each a try . Plus , the toy duck looks can be a cute gift.It turns out the picture is fake - no toy duck , only a small `` natural '' sponge . It has shells and other debris - I guess this is what they call natural . At least , I have no interest to try the sponge.The bubble bath itself is even worth . It 's hard to get the bubbles formed . You have to really mix it hard . And the bubbles wo n't stay - they turns into plain hot water with some fragrance after a few minutes . And the bottles are very tiny . Due to its hardness of forming bubbles , I almost finished up one bottle the only time I used it . I guess it might results from the changing of formulas from California Baby.But I have to admit the bottles and the whole set make an adorable decorations on my bath tub . The smell is good too . Beside these , they do nothing better than decorations.Anyway , I 'm still looking for a good and long-lasting bubble bath .
 I love the taste , smell , and feel of this gloss . I used it almost religiously as a young girl . Recently I bought some new sticks of this , and my lips got itchy and puffy . Apparently Avon has reformulated this stuff . I am very disappointed . This stuff is awful . : -LRB-
 The ingredients from the bottle are below . The product contains more vegetable oil than brahmi . Vegetable oil is suppose to be a good emollient but if I wanted that in my hair I could easily buy a bottle for less at the store . I found the oil did not absorb that well but then I saw it had mineral oil , and now realize why . Also silicones can cause build up over long term use and does not do well with everyone . I think for a really good oil that absorbs well stick to extra virgin coconut oil . As for the smell , I did n't like it . The consistency is thin like coconut oil and the color is green . Alma supposedly darkens the hair color but I would n't know if this product would do so . I threw it out after a couple uses . I tried to like it but it 's not for me.Ingredients , for those who may not know the ingredients on the bottle is listed by the largest quantity to smallest.Vegetable Oil , Paraffinum Liquidum -LRB- Mineral Oil -RRB- , Cocos Nucifera -LRB- Coconut -RRB- Oil , Centella Asiatica -LRB- Brahmi -RRB- Extract , Ricinus Communis -LRB- Castor -RRB- Oil , Phyllanthus Emblica -LRB- Amla -RRB- Extract , Parfum , Isopropyl Myristate , Evolvulus Alsinoides -LRB- Shankapushpi -RRB- Extract , Celastrus Paniculata -LRB- Malakanguni -RRB- Extract , Vitex Negundo -LRB- Nirgundi -RRB- Extract , Acorus Calamus -LRB- Godavaj -RRB- Extract , Cyclomethicone , Ethylhexyl -LRB- Octyl -RRB- Methoxycinnamate , BHT , Cl 47000 , Cl61565 , Cl 26100
 I was happy to find a oil , but I thought it would really moisturize my scalp and hair . It is oily but it absorbs and drys out the hair , my hair broke off instead of growing out which is what I was hoping for .
 As I went through the reviews , I noticed some women said it made their hair soft , others said their hair broke off . I decided to give it a try . I have natural , thick 4a hair , one try and this stuff DEFINITELY dried out my hair and made it brittle . If your hair is natural , do NOT use !!! Some women with relaxers seem to like it
 this product does n't have a pleasant smell . It also has mineral oil in it . Does it work ? I need to give it some more time since I just bought this product to see if does help stimulate the hair follicle to make your hair grow long and thick .
 there is nothing natural about this oil ... it is mostly artificial junk and did nothing for my hair . supposed to be herbal and natural but didnt work .
 I was so excited when I first got this product . because I thought is was going to really grow my hair like it claimmed to on the back of the box , but I felt disappointed because it did not live up to it 's name .
 So I bought this oil for my hair for all the reasons others have stated . Hair growth , strength , density etc. . The first night I got it I went ahead and slept with it on my hair . It does smell very bad but with a shower cap it was n't too bad . The worst part was the shower cap itself but oh well . I did then mix a little the next day into my powders . Again with a shower cap the smell was n't horrible and left the paste on for about an hour . I shampoo/conditioned my hair and made sure everything was out . I did dry my hair as well and the smell seemed to be completely gone . HOWEVER you can not get rid of the smell completely . A few days later I went to get my hair cut and as soon as it was wet the smell was back . Also I am a person who works out and sweats a lot . I was so embarrassed by the smell that I had to leave spin class early and have completely removed this oil from my routine . I do still use amla powder but it does not leave such a potent lingering smell as this amla oil does . I have switched to the vatika oil instead and although it does n't smell great from the bottle there are no after effects and I can now go back to doing my regular spinning and body pump classes . I guess this oil is ok if you do n't sweat , plan on getting you hair wet in the vicinity of people or do n't mind walking around smelling like rancid , old , stale perfume . But I would suggest looking at the vatika oil instead and love love love all of my powders that I am using on my hair and face . But this product was not worth the money , as stated go try the vatika oil instead .
 SO I bought this Brahmi Alma Oil for my hair . My hair has dry ends and I thought this was going to help out as the explanation on the back side of the bottle claims it should . What happened is entirely opposite . I felt as though I was actually rubbing baby oil onto my scalp . It smells and feels just like baby oil =] However , it was so bad on my hairs . The next morning in my shower I noticed little peices of my hair everywhere on the shower walls and on my shampoo bottles , every where.I could n't believe it . What seemed to be so easy to use and gentle was DEFINATELY NOT . It would be fine if it did n't break off my hairs , and if this oil had a more natural list of ingredients .
 As one who rocks the Pompadour I found this product to weak to hold the glorious shape of a Pomp . I am sure for a more conservative hairstyle this might do the trick but for a Greaser style avoid this product.The consistency is that of hair gel as opposed to the waxy goodness that is Murray 's Pomade or even some of the other Dax products -LRB- Wave and Groom looks a lot better -RRB- . So if your looking for the Greaser look and need the strength to hold a Pomp , pass on this product .
 this stuff , ... is average at best . It 's sticky , . . and it made my hair seperate into chunks of some sort . It was just uncomfortable , for lack of a better word , . to have in my hair . It also made it quite dry .
 There are lots of bad things I can say about this product but I 'll cut to the chase . It smelled terrible . I opened it up to put some on my skin just so I could smell it & my hand instantly started breaking out in hives ! That has never happened to me before . I 've never been allergic to anything in my life or had a reaction like that from a product -LRB- I 've tried a lot of different products , food etc. -RRB- . I also thought it was an oil not the thick cream that it turned out to be . Worst of all the bad smell is hard to get rid of . I just washed my hands and I can still smell it . Anyways , I will more than likely throw this away if I cant find anything else to use it for which I doubt I will . I definitely wont give this away to someone.Also , It does n't tell you in the description but I think its imported from India . It had a lot of their language on it .
 not recommended this one not really cool the smell like for old taste not for the young I chose the wrong one .
 I love the kabuki brush but did not get the flawless face case -LRB- which is why I bought it ! -RRB- . The item -LRB- s -RRB- are now discontinued ... ?
 So I was super excited to get this cologne and all the reviews I read seemed positive . If there is one thing I have learned it is never to blind buy , ALWAYS smell and test a fragrance on yourself before purchasing it . This was difficult with Twice though since it is n't retailed in America.REVIEW : By itself the scent was quite powdery and smelt like something a 40 something year old man would wear , perhaps while taking a business trip on an airplane.On me the fragrance started out pretty non-descript , it smelled nice -LRB- like most perfume -RRB- but totally forgettable . It had a very floral/cream soda-like note to start ; a close comparison would be the Kilo body wash by Axe , not exactly what I expected from a cologne . This faded pretty fast , `` thankfully '' . The next phase was quite nice , it reminded me of a clean jasmine green tea and clover honey . I definitely enjoyed this phase of the scent although I do not know if I liked the smell on me . The scent lasted for perhaps 5 hours or more , the nice mid-scent did n't last incredibly long and instead gave way to again a powdery and non-descript smell ; not bad , but not that interesting either.Overall I would n't recommend it . It 's a tad too floral and the best part of the scent was a short middle and the dry down was pretty bland . I will keep using it to see if it grows on me , but I am doubtful .
 even brighter in person than in pic and once on . maybe at my darkest in the summer i would wear this . almost neon .
 Ask plenty of questions about product and merchandise as these items appear new in picture , but merchandise clearly been used or were tester products .
 Sea Breeze has been my favorite Essie color , and since it such an old color , most stores no longer carry it . So when I discovered it listed with this seller on Amazon , I was pleased . Unfortunately , the polish that I received was nothing like the original Sea Breeze that I have so enjoyed . I 've simply tossed it rather than go to the trouble of returning it . I DO NOT recommend this product as offered by this seller !!!
 If you want a natural nail tint , that looks like color of the real nail bed , this is the shade for you . It is not as pink as the photo ; it 's more cream . Really sheer , just perfect for a french manicure . Not for me though , I like my colors more saturated , even with a Fnch.ManiFollow up April 30 , 2011
 this color is way too light and to get the white-ish color you have to have 3 coats . The seller is the BESTS -LRB- not the first time I order from them -RRB- but THIS particularly nail polish is not great ... I 'll just stay with Opi < 3
 It 's a really nice color if you apply one coat , but we all know with colors like these you have to apply at least 2 , but once you apply the 2nd coat the color changes . Also after a week I removed the nail polish and it stained my nails . Do n't recommend .
 I bought this based on the reviews . VERY unimpressed . I touch up chips twice a day ! I usually use OPI , which will last two weeks with minimal maintenance . This did n't make it 3 days . The colors are pretty , but even Sally Hanson outlasts Essie , and at a third the price . My first bottle will be my last bottle .
 I really have no idea what the fascination is with this brand . I 've tried so many shades hoping that maybe the last was a fluke . But , this brand is awful IMO . It 's difficult to apply , applies streaky , and chips so easily . I much prefer OPI .
 This nail polish is a good one . But I was expecting more of it . First of all , I say it is very expensive so I thought it would be a great quality , I wanted it for french nails . but for my suprise it came to my house with a thick consistency . I do n't know if all essey nail polish are like this , but this was my first essey nail polish and all I can say is that I prefer buying the inexpensive revlon I have always buyed .
 I received the first bottle and KNEW it was not authentic . I wanted to return it but they only offered to replace it . So they sent another bottle and it was the same thing . I have been using Lancome Absolue for years and I know the product and the scent . I am so disappointed ! I will go back to buying it from Nordstrom even though it 's very expensive .
 I tried LaPerla once while shopping in duty free . The fragance is not quite as I recall it . While it has some pleasant undertones , it is quite harsh when first applied . If I had to do over , I would not order this product .
 The picture shows the yellow witch hazel bottle , but instead I was sent the witch hazel in the blue bottle .
 I have n't used witch hazel as a facial toner before , but based on the reviews I thought I 'd give it a try . After a couple of weeks , I can say I do n't really see that it has helped to soften my skin . And if I had known how awful witch hazel smelled , I definitely would 've tried one of the many scented witch hazel products out there instead ! I 'm going back to using the Avalon lavender facial toner and this will go in the cabinet to try on bug bites in the future .
 I bought this rather than other brands because it specifically contained only `` 100 % distilled Witch Hazel '' with no added alcohol . But this morning when I opened it for the first time , unfortunately well past the return-by date , I smelled a strong smell of alcohol . Sure enough , when I checked the ingredients , you know what was written ? `` 100 % all natural witch hazel , containing alcohol 14 % '' . Well how about that ! The 86 % witch hazel that 's in the bottle is 100 % natural . Good to know , but I do n't want the stuff and it was a total lie to say on the website ingredients list that it contains only 100 % witch hazel .
 For the price , . . this stuff should do a better job of detangling and conditioning at the same time . I have a $ 3 bottle of detangler that does the same job . I had hoped this would be a whole lot better .
 So apparently the product expires 24 months after the date on the box . I really wish they would point that out in a note somewhere on the box . For those of us who are used to expiration dates versus packaged dates being on the box it can lead to some annoyance . I normally have fair and clear skin , though it got considerably dark after a trip to the Caribbean . Any ways , I 'm in the process of figuring out if the product works or not . I 'll post up anothe review in a few weeks worth of time .
 You need to be prepared for broken , leaking tubes from J F Lazartigue . And , do n't bother to contact the company , their customer service is terrible . So , occasionally you will have to return an item.But , the good new is , the products are much less expensive on Amazon than direct from JFL .
 I 've had two of these mirrors in the last 18 months . I love the way it looks . When the light quit working I bought the second mirror , thinking the 1st one was just a fluke . WRONG ! Less than a year later , the light 's gone out on the 2nd mirror . Wo n't buy Conair again .
 This eye liner is not worth the price . By the end of the day , the eye liner I had applied on the top lid had smudged to lower lid .
 After reading the first review , I was really expecting something special . This body wash is sooooooo not worth the money . There is absolutely nothing special about it . The fragrance is faint , it has a slightly medicinal odor , and it has n't done anything special for my skin . It also took forever to get it . Save your money .
 What was adverised was the `` perfume '' however what was delivered was the `` Toilette spray '' . very misleading
 Do n't buy this . Seems to be fake or Perry Ellis is not worth it . Not even stands for 2 hours . Really felt bad for not buying Burberry / Hugo products .
 I gave them the benefit of the doubt the first time . It is hard to find this type of soap . But the soap is not aesthetically pleasing and while I understand and appreciate the handmade nature of the soap , it just is sort of slimy and the smell is not the usual Savon de Marseille smell . On the plus side , it is a big bar and the shipping was timely . I will use the soap - it 's not that bad , but I wo n't be ordering again .
 This soap came and it had n't even finished curing . This is very disappointing because we only ordered one bar , so it is almost not worth the trouble to return it .
 Pros
 Cons : - smells HORRID-doesnt moisturize , and leaves a wierd feeling on your skin while and after you are finnished bathing . have you ever took your hand and ran it along the roof of a car ? felt awkward didnt it ? not smooth , soft and supple ... just awkward...-it was so difficult to grip the bar of soap because it was so big and it didnt have any type of a string or anything tied to it.-doesnt lather well at all-crumples easilyPros : - long lasting -LRB- sometimes it felt like i was bathing with a big rock -RRB- - a generous sized piece of soap-its mild and gentle yes . . : -RRB-
 I have used this soap many times in the past , and usually love it . However , this batch is a real disappointment . I ordered several bars as Christmas gifts , but when they arrived and I opened them to have a look -LRB- glad I did -RRB- , they are not even completely cured . The bars are discolored and white-edged and squished around the edges . Very wet , and wrapped in paper that is stuck in many spots.Can ' t even read the logo on the bars . Guess I 'll keep these for household use , and start shopping again for the daughters-in-law . I 'm happy enough with the timeliness of the order , etc. .
 Do n't buy this from Amazon . They take an eternity to ship the product . Once they eventually get around to shipping , they put it on the slowest method they can find to ship even if you have Amazon Prime . Unbelievable . Not the usual slick service you expect from Amazon . I suggest the following personal algorithm , if you must
 This Borghese Make up I purchased seems to be extremely old . The texture is not what it should be and it has an odor . I 've been using this product for a number of years and it never looked like this .
 I found this product difficult to handle on my own . Another person had to help me insert it .
 Was a bit dissapointed in this cleanser . This must be a new formula - it 's not as thick and creamy as in the past . Please go back to the original formula .
 The first time I used the true ceramic pro , the red ceramic coating on the plates flaked off . It was definitely not worth the money .
 The iron is good but not as good as the CHI brand . I just checked online and the price between the two is about the same . They had to send me a replacement because the plates of the first one started to peel off .
 DO NOT BUY THE TRUE CERAMIC PRO ! It is not truely ceramic ! Mine broke after only 9 months , which is probably why it only has a six month warrabty . The first iron they sent me stopped working after two days , and the second they sent to me had chipped plates , and the third stopped working after only 9 months and the painted on plate coating chipped off VERY quickly to reveal METAL plates , NOT CERAMIC ! I regret buying mine , it was not worth the money . The quality does not match the expensive price . This item should be priced at $ 1.00 for its quality . SCAM !
 DO NOT BUY THE TRUE CERAMIC PRO ! It is not truely ceramic ! Mine broke after only 9 months , which is probably why it only has a six month warrabty . The first iron they sent me stopped working after two days , and the second they sent to me had chipped plates , and the third stopped working after only 9 months and the painted on plate coating chipped off VERY quickly to reveal METAL plates , NOT CERAMIC ! I regret buying mine , it was not worth the money . The quality does not match the expensive price . This item should be priced at $ 1.00 for its quality . SCAM !
 I purchased TWO True Ceramic Pro in December of 2006 ... one for myself and another as a gift . The one I gave as a gift broke in June of 2007 and mine broke in August 2007 . I went to the website because they have a warranty and will send you a new one upon approval . Only problem , I was not approved for a new one !
 This hair color washes off like shampoo . For weeks the color `` runs '' when washing . It left my hair brittle and hard to comb without using industrial strength conditioner . I have used other hair coloring for many years and was never compelled to write a review but i want to let others know not to get this horrible product .
 this product dont even deserve one star i use goldwell 9NA with 9 % hair developer all together i spend 30 $ and its like i wasted my money on junk trust me it wont work , i am amazed to see so many good comments about this product it just waste of money
 Product do not work , my hair remain the same colour after applying the dye and they wash off like shampoo . No response from the seller at all after my complain very disapponted with the service .
 I received an email that the item had shipped 6 days ago but my tracking confirmation has still not confirmed this . A little disappointed because we were hoping to have it by Christmas . Do n't order through PrettyOwls unless you have time to wait !
 This product I gave a couple of weeks worth of tries , but as much as I wanted to like it , the end result was dry , straw-like hair and a drain-full of hair that fell out as I was washing it !
 It has a very strong alcoholic odor that burns your eyes and skin . It is terrible on your skin , or atleast it was on mine . I would n't waste my money on this ever again . It made me break out worse than I already was . .
 I found a product named Coconut Cream by cake in Home Goods . Sudsing ingredients listed were &#34; derived from coconut . &#34; So , I was very excited about finding this bubble bath from the same company . Unfortunately , this product contains Soduium Laureth Sulfate so I will be returning it .
 The Rush bottle is probably glass , but it is encased tightly in it 's unusual red plastic . This package was mailed in a much larger than necessary box with something like 100 sheets of tissue paper . This is overkill . I 'm an environmentalist and will recycle it all for years to come.Also , I had n't realized that I was purchasing the 1 ounce bottle for the price . I thought it was the next larger size up . I felt cheated . My husband paid $ 27 online for the larger size .
 YUK ! Really bad taste . Do n't buy this if you are looking for a good tasting oil .
 I would n't buy from this seller again . The product was fine , but the service was n't that great . It took multiple complaints to the vendor and at least 3 weeks to get my product . While they were apologetic , they were slow at responding and correcting the issue .
 I 've been looking for the soft sponges you get in the makeup cases , and these are not it . These are rough and somewhat rubbery if you can imagine the cheap kind you get at the grocery store . It 's great I guess if you cake stuff on , but it 's not very practical.The sponge absorbs a lot of makeup in the little air holes but it does not spread or come off on my face at all . It might depend on what kind of foundation or concealer you are using , but just keep in mind that these are not soft , they 're the sticky kind .
 I ordered perfume from this seller , and it was not the real perfume inside the bottle . The lid does not even fit the bottle properly . The bottle has been refilled with a perfume that is not even the same color as the real perfume . The contents smell like a cheap old lady , rather than the sweet smell that I paid for . Do not buy from this seller .
 I was not a fan of this lotion . A few years ago I had purchased a Savannah Bee Company lotion in an airport and absolutely loved it . It was n't greasy and smelled heavenly . I attempted to order more , only to find it was n't made anymore , so I tried to substitute with this lotion . I did not enjoy the scent of this , nor was the feel the same as what I had previously . A great disappointment .
 I ordered this for my daughter for Christmas from a vendor other than Amazon but through Amazon . It arrived with its pump top having been opened and the product was rancid . I actually purchased 2 lotions at the same time from the same vendor . One was wrapped in bubble wrap and may have been ok I we had unwrapped it but since the other was not wrapped at all , and had leaked on the wrapped one , and was rancid , I decided to send both back without trying to determine if the other was ok .
 I bought this along with two other products of this line . Guess what ? I used this stuff about 3 times only to get the same result , even after washing my scalp and hair together . The result was flakes and oily buildup . That is embarrassing to notice this while at work after washing your hair earlier . The product commercials looked promising but I now know better . People , you 're better off trying the natural oils this product claims it has , which is toward the bottom since it is mostly mineral oil and water . You 're paying mostly for mineral oil which coats hair and skin keeping it from breathing and water ; please think again . Use natural oils for your hair and scalp . Why would softsheen-carson do right for consumers using highly effective oils which cost more than mineral oil and water ? Do n't buy anything from softsheen-carson , which is MOSTLY mineral oil and silicones and other chemicals like propylene glycol -LRB- anti-freeze -RRB- . If you want healthy , uncoated hair , then use natural oils without the solvents , or buy from businesses like brownbutterbeauty.com or littlepenguinsonline.com that sell natural products already made without artificial ingredients . Both your hair and skin will thank you , and yes , this step has worked WELL for me . No , I am not affiliated with any company but have tried them without experiencing adverse effects whether I like them or not . Buyers beware !
 Cake Beauty Satin Sugar is not for dark hair . The darkest shade I would use this on is a medium to light auburn . It 's a reasonably dark tan color ... if it were powder makeup . On my dark brown hair , it made my locks look dull and well , coated with something lighter brown . Now that my hair 's back to natural black , I 'm definitely not using this anymore . * sigh *
 Just received this and can not get it to open so the powder will sprinkle out the top ... maybe it 's defective ? Also opened it up and saw that the tiny little container is only HALF full of powder . It 's a shame they waste all that packaging material to make this product look more substantial than it is . It smells delicious but definitely not worth the money for what you get .
 Rather than refresh and de-grease , my hair looked dull and felt dirty . I was very disappointed with this product .
 I am a total dry shampoo girl and wanted to give this a go . Unfortunately I was not pleased . It turned a cinnamon like color and you could see it in my part as if my scalp was a tan color so very obvious . I can barely dust this on and it still gives that effect . It also did n't add any volume or make my hair feel clean . I wo n't repurchase . The spray dry shampoos are just better . Period . -LRB- On a side note , I recommend Pssst dry shampoo-smells like coconut and never leaves residue in my dark hair , also very inexpensive and can be found at Ulta -RRB-
 would not recommend this product to anyone trying to get the same results from original healing garden zzzsprayhas unpleasant aroma
 Too visible to be worn anywhere except at home , too weak to hold for a long period of time . I gave all mine to a friend who seems to like them .
 I buy it but on the advertisement there is no indication that it was a tester , I should tell the customer if it is a tester , It make me made a mistake and I have to spend extra money to buy another one that was not a tester .
 I really did n't care for this perfume at all . The notes were extremely masculine to me , and frankly I did n't feel there was anything too unique about it . I think Burberry in general smells wonderful on men , but I have yet to find a perfume of theirs that I would wear .
 I really like Burberry The Beat for women and wanted to try Touch . How far off could they be ? Night and day . I like more sweet smelling perfumes . This one totally reminds me of Axe deodorant . It 's very woodsy . To me it smells way to masculine to be a female perfume . Nauseating .
 i am still using it but it did not work for me at all :-LRB- ... what a big disappointment !! dont bother save ur money !
 i tried ordering this from the perfumeguys but they sent the wrong item , then said they were out of stock and would give me a refund which i never got . so i ordered here instead and received a worn out looking thing with a broken nozzle which i superglued back on . it was still full and smelled like the one i had before .
 I bought this cream because I was looking for a stretchmark cream that was n't too expensive and had decent reviews . I used this product religiously and slathered it on my belly twice a day for 8 months ... the smell of the cream is awful but I ignored it thinking it would prevent stretchmarks . Well , I was disappointed when in my 7th month of pregnancy I got a TON of STRETCHMARKS . My doctor told me that stretchmarks are ultimately determined by your genetics and there is no product out there that can completely PREVENT stretchmarks b/c it depends on the elasticity of your skin . I also read in a book that the skin breaks from underneath vs. creams that only treat topical skin .
 The worst smell ever , I ca n't pass that . Plus it 's not greasy but leaves weird feeling , like my skin does n't breath . Palmer 's olive and shea butter are so much better .
 I used this stuff twice daily since the moment I found out I was pregnant until I gave birth . My stomach got COMPLETELY covered in stretch marks ... worse than I 've ever seen . And for some reason I kept using it !! There are plenty of women that gain 70lbs when they 're pregnant and do n't get a single stretch mark because of their genes , not a lotion . The girls this `` worked '' for would n't have gotten stretch marks whether they used the cream or not I can guarantee that . Otherwise it would have done SOMETHING for me . Total letdown
 Used every single day , twice a day throughout my pregnancy and it did n't work . I used the cream to prevent stretch marks since I did n't have any previous to getting pregnant . I do not recommend this product .
 I develope some stretch mark due to gain and lost some weight . I used this product religiously every single day and all the way . There is no difference between now or first day that i used this cream . Same stretch mark and NOT a change . This product did n't work for me . So i give one star because it did not deliver what it suppose to do , HEAL OR REMOVE STRETCH MARKS . I will use Nivea Q10 cream instead .
 I used this product faithfully and saw no results . It doesnt work well for stretch marks that are old and highly doubt if they will work for new ones as well , save your money !!!
 I was pregnant with my first child & used this product religiously with no results . I am now treating extensive stretch marks that this product failed to help prevent .
 This did n't work at all . I have pretty bad stretch marks on my breasts and stomach . I used this religiously for almost 3 months straight and I have n't noticed any difference whatsoever . Plus it smells horrible !
 I started using this product when I was pregnant with my daughter . I used it daily on my belly , breasts , and underarms but still got tons of stretch marks . I continued using it for a year after my pregnancy and never saw any results . My stretch marks are still here with no lessening . The smells is yummy , and it makes your skin very soft , but I wish it actually made the stretch marks go away .
 I am 5 months pregnant and just became educated on ingredients in the products I have been applying to my hair and skin . So often we do n't think past the food we are ingesting when we worry about chemicals . This product contains at least 4 ingredients -LRB- PEG-8 , Yellow 5 , Propylparaben , methylparaben -RRB- that are known carcinogens , can effect your liver and kidneys and endocrine systems . Remember , if it can effect your body it can effect you baby . -LSB- ... -RSB- I have been using a product called Belli Elasticity Belly Oil that has all natural ingredients . I got it on -LSB- ... -RSB- and it may be spendy but I love the way it makes my skin feel . I will continue to use the Belli products even after my baby is born !
 I started using this the moment i found out i was pregnant . I used it 2x at least a day and it did nothing for me at all . Do n't waste your money thinking this will prevent stretch marks !
 I have been on this cream for 2 months and do not see any result . Might be good as prevention cream ...
 Like another reviewer , I bought this creme to help with KP . The first thing I noticed is the intense chemical-y smell of this lotion . It smells like truck-stop restroom hand soap , and it does n't fade . It really lingered almost all day . I did n't buy it to smell pretty , so I moved on . The next thing I noticed was the thick , greasy feel of it . It 's so thick it 's actually difficult to spread around . Imagine the consistency of honey , without the actual stickiness . The third thing I noticed is it stings ! One of the crummy things about KP is sometimes having to shave over those tiny bumps . This lotion helped me find every minute nick , and with alacrity . It spread over my body like a cheerfully sadistic hunting dog , pointing `` Here 's one ! And here ! And here , as well ! Oh , that one smarts , does n't it ? '' It really does repel water , as a third review stated , and made my skin actually shiny - like it was perhaps coated with silicone or seal blubber . Finally , this product , while quite expensive in my opinion , did NOTHING for my KP . I did notice my skin was a bit softer after using it in the morning , but it also had a filmy feel and was stinky . Of course I still had loads of little bumps , except the acid also made them an angry red color and they felt sting-y . I used almost the entire tube before I gave up and just started using it on my heels . Still , it was mediocre.This is only my experience . Other people might have had better luck with this stuff , and if you have KP you 'll pretty much try anything . With respect to that , I 'll tell you what has worked best for me so far
 I have been trying the various eucerin alpha hydroxy lotions for the keratosis pilaris I 've had on my arms since my teens . I have no idea how effective this cream is . After applying it , my skin felt like it had a thin layer of glue over it and attempting to wash my hands was like trying to take off scotchguard or something . The water just beaded up and resisted even soap . For me , not worth putting up with this discomfort even if it worked like a champ .
 I 'm so disapointed I was using this product with a soap each morning and night for 2 months . The result , I became most darker and darker . If you are a black african please do n't use this product it 's a waist of money !!
 I know a lot of people are happy with this product . That is why I bought it in the first place . Unfortunately , this product almost made my face fall apart . It covered my face with terrible acne and I have been dealing with it for over a year . I still have acne scars.I did not know that a product could change my life this badly . Maybe it is just me , I do not know . Just be careful .
 I 'm not too sure if this product works . After a few days of use -LRB- once a day -RRB- , i broke out in areas where applied and it was very drying .
 I had high hopes that this product would be helping in evening out my skin tone and fading the sun damage on my face -LRB- living in Phoenix , our skin is under a constant sun -RRB- . Unfortunately , after using it for over 2 months , I really have n't noticed any significant improvement in skin evenness or fading of the discolorations on my face.I had mixed feelings about using this product in the first place , primarily because it does contain Hydroquinone , a known carcinogenic . But I was willing to give it a try , based on the good reviews . Pleasant , but strong smell , absorbs quickly into the skin , great price , but did not do much of anything for me .
 Photo is great - but this bottle we recieved has turned -LRB- old ?? -RRB- and the smell is very off . Have ordered this from amazon years ago , and was fine , but this last bottle we ordered was horrible .
 Lagerfeld Spray bought here did not have the same scent as when I bought it in other stores like BURDINE 'S from the US or at El Corte Ingles from Madrid , Spain or at Duty Free Airport Stores . Lagerfeld Spray had practically no scent with a predominant alcohol smell .
 Used Lagerfeld many years ago and loved it . Now it seems like somethingis missing in both and Photo and the Clasic . The scent 's disappear rapidlyand are certainly not long lasting . There are other colognes by other makersthat are far superior . Will not buy again .
 This is straight baby powder smell . Not `` oh , smells like a baby ! '' but very artificial , strong , powder smell . I only use it to spray in my daughter 's diaper genie .
 The scent is very good for little kids , but the product arrive without box , cover and with a sticker `` tester only , not for sale ''
 I have been wearing Perry Ellis 360 Black for 6 years and this is n't 360 Black that was delievered to me , it 's either a knock off or the wrong spray . It kinda smells and look like the 360 Pearl . I am not happy and I bought 2 bottles of this !
 I ordered 32oz , you sent me a 16oz bottle . I would like another bottle to make up for the difference please .
 I ordered a 32 ounce bottle of lotion . I received a 16 ounce size of this lotion , not a 32 ounce size . When I purchased the product it was listed as 32 ounce , but the seller has now taken that off of the description . However , the 32 ounce size lotion is still pictured . I contacted customer service , and they said they could only give me a 50 % refund . What a shame !! If you want a lower price and the full 32 ounces , order directly from Amazon at this link
 May state that it 's hypoallergenic but it still contains a perfume that caused rashes on our infant . Confirmed with pediatrician that it was a skin rash and not baby acme . We switched to Cetaphil RestoraDerm body wash and the rashes quickly went away . Would not recommend for any sensitive skin infant .
 I read all these reviews and thought this must be a great hand cream ... unfortunately its very greasy and takes forever to soak into your skin . I wanted a skin cream that I could put on my hands while I 'm at work and after using this stuff I left little visible finger prints all over my desk after I tried working this stuff into my hands for awhile . It smells nice , but I 'm very disappointed .
 This product smells positively edible , but it leaves your hands as greasy as if you rubbed them with cooking oil . This creme has actually left permanent grease stains on one of my t-shirts , just from touching my hand to it ! If you 're into Burt 's Bees , stick to their other lotions ... this one 's an oil spill waiting to happen .
 After reading all the glowing reviews , I decided to give it a try . Frankly , I feel ripped off . First , the consistency . I ca n't even call this a cream . It is very thick , almost like fat that has hardened up a bit . When I spread it on my hands -LRB- a small amount as the label recommends -RRB- it did n't spread smoothly . Additionally , my hands were sticky , as if I had spread softened wax on them . The smell is not bad , but it is n't the `` yummy '' scent that so many people seem to be drooling over in their reviews . My skin did n't absorb any of it , even when I kept rubbing my hands together for a while , in the hopes that my body heat would `` soften '' the consistency . I ended up having to wash my hands with soap , and after that my hands felt itchy in some spots . The jar is going to the trash . This definitely is not what I was expecting after I had read all those fantastic reviews .
 Pros
 I do n't recommend it . The scent is very unpleasant and the paste is too thick for a hand creme . .
 I bought this because the backs of my hands were dry and cracking from the cold weather this winter , but this product is very greasy and does not absorb in the skin very well . After using it a few times , I now get an immediate rash that stings on the backs of my hands after applying this creme . Do n't purchase this product ! I wish I had read the reviews before I bought it . Waste of $ 8.00
 I have been a faithful user of Pacquins Hand Cream for years . Since it was discontinued , I have been trying to find a hand creme that would duplicate what I loved in Pacquins . Read about Burt 's Bees and thought that I would try it . In three words -- Do n't buy this ! It is extremely greasy -- I was afraid to touch anything after I applied even a small amount . The fragrance is weird ! When I put in on and walked into the room where my husband was sitting , he wanted to know what that weird smell was . I really wasted my money on this one . It 's going into the trash . I did find a great substitute for Pacquins , however ! It 's Udderly Smooth Hand Cream . Yes , it was originaly made for cow 's udders but it has the same consistency of Pacquins and is NOT GREASY ! Works great ! I got the Fragrance Free type because I was a little worried about what it would smell like but I 've already reordered more and am trying it with fragrance .
 The creme is a bit greasy for me , but I used it on my daughters hands and elbows and she immediately broke out into a severe rash . Her skin was swollen and looked like she had been burned . She rubbed her face and her face swelled up very badly . Her skin was very hot as well . DO NOT USE ON CHILDREN ! They should really put this on the label . My daughter was miserable .
 I want to like it ... but I do n't . It just does n't feel very good on the skin .
 Damaged item , u can hear the inside moving , and a squeaky noise when on.I do not recommend this item not Always Bargain Seller , worst customerservice experience ever.Even 1 star is too much for this item and the company who charged me a restockingfee for a damaged item .
 It just did not appeal to me . Reminded me of a past furniture polish .
 I really like the Body Shop 's `` Nut '' Body Butter . Unfortunately , it 's $ 17 a tub . Someone suggested that I might like the Tree Hut version , at a fraction of the price.Like the Body Shop version , the Tree Hut Brazillian Nut butter has a very strong fragarance . They do n't smell the same -- the Body Shop version smells to me a bit like baking bread . The Tree Hut product smells more like chocolate chip cookies.Unfortunately , their TEXTURES are no where near the same . The Body Shop version is creamy and is easly removed from the tub at room temperature . It glides on to your skin in a nice , thin , layer . In contrast , the Tree Hut product seems very waxy . I 'd compare it to trying to rub chap stick on your arms/legs . It 's quite hard at room temperature , and is fairly similar to trying to spread too-cold butter onto something . It 's sort of lumpy and does n't glide well . Also , after a few minutes , it does n't `` dry down '' the way the Body Shop version does . It leaves your skin somewhat sticky/waxy . I 'm really disappointed because it smells GREAT . But , I 'm going back to Body Shop .
 This product is not what the real stuff smells like . It has a strong alochl smell . I thought it was to good to be true and it was . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!!! Wast of money ! ' !!!!!!!!!!! ,
 Despite some of the reviews stating that this cologne was a fake ... I ordered it anyway . I have been using Polo Black for many years . As soon as I put on the cologne ... the scent instantly went away . `` Uh Oh !!! '' I immediately went on youtube to see if there was a way to test if cologne is a fake . I found a video saying to spray it on a piece of paper and see if it drips like water ... or is oily like cologne should be . As soon as I sprayed it , it dripped like water right off the paper . The paper had no smell . `` Uh Oh !!!! '' Frustrated , I put on about 8 sprays . The scent was there and then ... it was gone . I asked my friends if anybody could smell it ... and not of them could . Now , I know Polo Black , and all you need is just one little spray and the scent lasts with you . Now , there are different sellers selling this cologne here . I got mine from , `` The Perfume Spot . '' I immediately contacted them . They said that if I did n't use it then I can return it . I wrote back , not wanting to have a problem , and told them of my like twelve sprays . They said that I could send it back , but I would have to pay for shipping . I was pissed , and so I contacted Amazon . Immediately , they told me to contact them with the price I paid for shipping , and they would credit me that amount off my next order . SATISFIED . That is why I love shopping at Amazon . Next time I will heed the reviews ... like this one !!!
 I GOT WHAT I ORDERED , UNFORTUNATELY THE PICTURE ON THIS REVIES IS NOT WHAT I ORDERED . FOR THE COLOGNE THAT I RECEIVED , IT IS THE RALPH LAUREN 2.5 OZ COLOGNE SPRAY . IT WAS NOT AS STRONG AS IT SHOULD BE , BUT I CAN NOT COMPLAIN . I GOT WHAT I PAID FOR , NEXT TIME I WILL BE PURCHASING FROM A LOCAL STORE INSTEAD .
 This polo black I got from amazon appears to be duplicate . After spraying significant amount I still ca n't smell it nor people around me . Also amazon wo n't take it back . Plz beware before u buy this item from amazon .
 I think the polo black sent by amazon is either a duplicate or an expired one because being a vivid user of polo black when i applied this copy sent by amazon the smell is just like a plain alcohol and nothing like the original black.all the aroma of mango and other ingredients are just not there . so watch it before you order from amazon .
 When i received the item the cologne had leaked out of the top and all over the bottle which dissolved the paint on the glass making a large mess , the seller replied with a large partial return of 50 % of the purchase price , while at first i chalked it up to great customer service , i now think it was more likely due to guilt and an effort to save his behind , the smell is strong for maybe 30 minutes then its almost gone , noone can smell it at all , whereas in the past i 've purchased from the store and it was great all day long , while not over powering , fragrance is great , but watered down
 I purchased this as an exact replacement . The first use was extremely disappointing . It is about half as potent and does n't smell the same as the old bottle that was almost empty . I had my wife also smell the difference between the bottles . She laughed and said they were not even close . I do n't believe these are real .
 I purchased this as an exact replacement . The first use was extremely disappointing . It is about half as potent and does n't smell the same as the old bottle that was almost empty . I had my wife also smell the difference between the bottles . She laughed and said they were not even close . I do n't believe these are real .
 the product it self is great and it smells great and stays for a while -LRB- I had 2 other bottles before whitch I bought from macys but this time I orderd from amazon cause it was cheaper , but my friend bad news , the one that I received does not smell nearly as strong and it is almost like water < I even sprayed 10 times on myself and the shirt I was wearing but I can smell it just a little and only when I get my nose close to it , so do not buy from beacutyencounter or will end up returning it . I would have returned mine but I threw away the box . the reason of this problem -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- could be because it is too old or they keep it in a hot warehouse or for other reasons and there is a reason why it is cheaper than department stores .
 El producto recibido no era lo que esperaba , la fragancia tenia un olor diferente a la original y no me gustogracias de todos formas
 After ordering this product , retailer never communicated . Amazon informed me that they had not heard from retailer either and went ahead and cancelled the order for me . I wrote to retailer , and they never responded .
 I have tested this spray before but after owning it I really do n't like it . There is a strong bad smell right when you put it on that gradually desolves but a little always stays . I like the other Polos much more
 Each time I used it I broke out in red whitehead-like pimples . I do still use it on my hands and body in the shower as it is a good exfoliator but will not order it again .
 I just started using the product and tried it only once . That is why I can not rate it . My first impression is that the product smell very strong and bothered my eyes for about 30 min . I 'll continue to use it to see how it will work on my skin .
 I tried this line during a facial . They talked me into purchasing the entire line . I 'm picky about my facial cleansers . This cleanser did nothing for me . I used the entire line for nearly 2 months , spending close to 300.00 and saw no real difference . I have no problem spending money on a great product , but `` more '' does not necessarily signify `` best '' . Save your money and find another product that will work better and at a quarter of the price of this line .
 the product was not worth the price . i used it as described but did not see a difference over much cheaper creams . okay but not worth the price . will not buy again .
 I ordered this product in early November . No word from Seller.Amazon notified me weeks later they had n't heard either , then got a cancellation notice from Amazon.Item was still listed online , so ordered again , now after a week , second cancel notice from Amazon . Item is STILL listed in stock for this vendor ! 1 -RRB- DO N'T LIST ITEMS YOU DO N'T HAVE TO SELL2 -RRB- Let the buyer know yourself what 's going on3 -RRB- Follow up on orders earlier so we can plan aheadBAD experience with this retailer
 This product arrived quickly , but despite previous reviews and giving it a month to work I 've seen no improvement with puffiness or squint lines .
 This eye cream does not do much for your eyes . It does not moisturize enough and it also does nothing for wrinkles . For what the product does , the price is way too high even for Amazon !
 One use of this cream made my eyes puffy for 3 days . I 've used other Murad eye creams and had no problem . I am currently trying to get a refund from Murad . I do NOT RECOMMEND using this product . If you are compelled to try it , make sure nobody is going to see you for a few days in case you puff up like I did !
 I recently rec 'd a facial that used the Murad products . The technician recommended this eye cream . After a couple of weeks use , I found it to be very drying to my skin . I 'm now trying to reverse the damage it did .
 I was looking for an alternative Rose scented soap so thought I 'd try Dr. Bronner - Organic Castile Soap . I wo n't buy it again . It smells more like bad soap than rose and does n't lather very well , not even in soft-water .
 this iron does not get hot enough to do anything for my hair , i have very thin hair , its not that hard to straighten and it does absolutely nothing to my hair , very unimpressed . it does n't seem to hold a charge very long either .
 I purchased this flat iron a long time ago from a popular liquidation store , charged it , attempted to use to use it and was highly disappointed . It somehow singed my hair when it was n't even warm enough to straighten my hair . I should have returned it what a waste of money .
 I 've never had a bad reaction to a facial product before , but this one made both my boyfriend and I break out severely . I 've used products with all but one of the ingredients before , so I have to conclude this was because of a sensitivity to witch hazel or because the product is at least somewhat comedogenic .
 The item pictured is the old square box holding a jar of eye cream . In fact , what is shipped is a thin rectangular box with a small tube of eye cream that is thinner than the old product in the jar . It is also difficult to use since it is impossible to control the amount that is squeezed out at any time and impossible to see how much is left or use the last bit of cream in the tube.Three times I have called Amazon to try to verify what would be shipped and three times got the wrong product -LRB- surprised at Amazon ! -RRB- Do not purchase without knowing what you are getting .
 I use a number of Murad products from the Redness Therapy line daily . I have red , sensitive , 40 + and -LRB- usually -RRB- oily skin . Of all the Murad products I use , this is my least favorite , and I do n't think I 'll replace it when I use it up . I 'm not sure what it actually does in my skincare routine ! It does feel soothing , like all Murad products do for me , but besides that it just seems like an extra layer . If I use too much it might peel off later in the day -LRB- under the SPF 15 Correcting Moisturizer -RRB- . It does have a nice light scent and seems to do no harm , I just do n't know why I need it . To be honest , I do not use the powder in the Redness Therapy line , which is recommended and partner to this product I think . There 's a limit to how many products I can handle in my routine . Correcting Moisturizer SPF 15 does it all for me !
 I purchased this at the local Sephora store and used it everyday . I have very senstivie skin and rosacea . This did not do one thing for it at all . I still suffer from redness and it does n't seem to matter if I use this product or not . The redness is still there . Save your money .
 There is something in this gel that my skin REALLY does n't like . I have pretty sensitive skin , but after using this for a couple of days , I have n't seen it get this red and irritated in years . Tread with caution if you have sensitive skin .
 Loved the feel , look and smell of this product . Unfortunately something in it made me break out horribly . Had to give it to my husband .
 Wish i could give them zero stars . I just received my product from this seller and I had hoped that the product would be better than what the previous reviews had stated , well was I wrong . I called Neutrogena and asked them to look up the lot number and of course this product is expired . It was made in 2005 and has a 24 month shelf life so even with the two years added to 2005 it has still been expired for 5 years . This seller is providing damaged goods . I have been trying to request a return but they still have n't labeled it as sold so i contacted Amazon and complained . Do not buy from here its not worth the hassle . The product does n't work when expired , normally the lotion is white but in the bottles i received it was brown so that was the signal to call and find out if it was even a good product . No wonder why its such a good deal , its because they are n't selling legit products .
 very dissatisfied with product - does absolutely nothing !!! Do n't know why because I used to use this all the time & swore by it but they changed the bottle & obviously the product .
 I bought this because a very similar sounding product that I used to use was discontinued -LRB- why does that always happen once you find something that you like ?! -RRB- , hoping that I would like this as well . I have pretty fair skin , so I wanted something gradual so I did n't end up with too much color too soon . I VERY carefully applied this one morning after showering , exfoliating , etc. and waited for it to fully dry before doing anything or getting dressed . By the evening I seemed the slightest bit darker , and the next morning when I woke up , my legs were orange and streaky ! Like unbelievably streaky ! I could n't believe it after I had so carefully applied it ! I wanted it to work , so after it wore off , I tried it a few more times to see if I could get it to work , with the same results :-LRB- Would n't recommend it at all ... plus it really stinks !
 I ordered two of these . When the order arrived I noticed the cream was dark brown and had a strong smell . Being I 've used this product several times before , the lotion was always white and had very little scent . I called Neutrogena and ask if they changed their formula . They said no . I gave them the LOT number which gives the Julian date and year is was bottled . They were bottled in 2005 and have a shelf life of two years so were expired in 2007 . This is 2011 . I contacted the seller , they did n't have any fresh product so promptly refunded my purchase . I 'm thankful for that . I ended up buying fresh bottles at Target , which still had white lotion inside . I 'm sure it was an honest mistake and am thankful for the refund however , I hope they pay closer attention that items are not expired before shipping .
 I could n't get over the smell . And it did n't have a very nice tone to it . Only use if you want to darken an already dark tan . Does n't blotch at least .
 So i 've always have been really pale white , and I decided to get a tan without going to the beach , cause i usually burn . Also i 'm not into spray tanning at salons , so i thought this item was perfect and the price was n't to bad . The first application came out really nice though it was just a little bit darken than my skin . I contined using it for an additional 2 days and got to the color i wanted which was n't too dark , except for the fact that i now look like an oompa loompa as i 've turned orange . I 've found out the only area that looks good is my legs but i would suggest using it on your arms and hand , or feet . Mine are really blotchy and look dirty now , also my face is a little lighter in some places , and i followed the direction to a T. i even put it on thick just too make sure i did n't miss any places . But now i have lines everywhere and i look horrible . Hopefully this dissapears within the week as i am having my b-day party and i do n't really want to be seen looking like this . Also be careful as i 've noticed that even when dry it does tend to wash off on stuff , like my really expensive white sheets that are now ruined ... So again I would not recommend this product , just stick to the old fashoned way unless you wan na look like one of those girls from jersey shore , and aweful ...
 I normally like Neutrogena products , but this product turned me orange -LRB- I 'm fairly pale -RRB- and made me break out all over my skin . Not recommended .
 This seemed like a great solution to getting a tan during the winter time . I do n't want to go to tanning salons so I thought I would try a tanning lotion . I got a bit of a tan going but I noticed that it washes off . If you use a washcloth or something to scrub with , you may just wash off the tan like I did . I rate this product with 2 stars because it does n't work for me .
 This is the worst company I have ever dealt with BUYER BEWARE !!!! This dryer is a piece of junk . I woud n't recommend this to anyone !!! Do not buy Hot Tools junk !!
 This is a badly designed dryer . The hose is attached to the bonnet with a flimsy plastic ring that will fall out of the bonnet while you are drying .
 this product is good if you seldomly use it . Well I need to use it once a week and now that I 've had it for about 2 months , the hose connection does n't connect to the bonnet . ALL the hot air blows out of the bonnet . OK , how can I dry my hair now ? you ca n't reconnect the connector to the bonnet at all . not even with crazy glue ! HORRIBLE quality and it takes FOREVER to dry my hair and that 's even if it drys at all .
 This hair dryer -LRB- The Hot Tools Soft Bonnet Hair Dryer , Model 1051 -RRB- was a big disappointment . After only three uses , the bonnet area where you place the hose ripped and the hose falls out . The hose is very short and makes it inconvenient to find a comfortable position to dry your hair . Also , there is air that leaks out from somewhere along the air hose which means that I have to sit for 2 hours to dry my hair . Very poor quality .
 The motor/blower unit is actually quite good , but the air tube is not long enough . Where the tube meets the soft bonnet is a very weak area and when heated up to highest temperature becomes weaker . The bonnet does not provide even heat to entire head . If they could perfect the air tube and bonnet , this unit would be worth the price . It 's so hard to find a good soft bonnet hair dryer ! This would be perfect for traveling if it just did what it was supposed to do .
 Had to send the first one back and got another because the motor sounded so loud I thought something was wrong . Tried out the second one , the motor is still very loud , unlike other Hot Tools hair dryers I have had . Nothing against Cosmetic Solutions , but I think the product is not very good . Guess I keep it and hope the motor gets quieter with use .
 This product did not meet up to my expectations and I will be returning it . Please let me know where I can return this product . It does not work properly - it goes on and off when I am drying my hair . It just is not what I thought it would be . .
 Loud not enough power . When you have the heat on it makes a louder sound . I was hoping it was more powerful .
 Pears soap 's formula has changed as of 2009 . It is no longer the wonderful , natural product we all knew and loved.Original ingredients
 BEWARE . unilever has messed this up big time . original formula for 200 years had 8 ingredients . Now it has 24 ! it is not delightfully mild smelling or long lasting . I urge you to research this product before buying . I learned the hard way . It is not what you have fond memories of . Very disappointing .
 This Pears soap is absolute rubbish , nothing like the original at all . Why do they pay idiots to `` improve '' on a tried and true recipe ! It smells horrible , looks cheaply made , and is so watered down it only lasts a couple of weeks , instead of months for the old type . Of course that is probably a good thing . I mean to use it up washing the dogs .
 The set I received does not match the descrtiption as far as thefragrances go . I was looking forward to trying the almond , orange , andwildflower scents so I got this based on the description saying thesescents were included and they are not.Under `` Product Features '' it says : `` Presented in a ziptop tote bag are .66 fl . oz . Herbal Baths in Almond , Eucalyptus , Juniper , Lavender , Valerian & Hops , Wildflower , Melissa , Rosemary , Orange & Linden Blossom and Spruce . `` Here are the fragrances in this set : MelissaValerian and hopsLavenderWarm Embrass -LRB- which has almost no scent -RRB- Pure blissArnicaRosemaryJuniperEucalyptusSensual SeductionMajor disappointment when I got them and now have to send them back.I have only used the bath salts in this brand so was eager to try thesebut unfortunately I will have to wait a while longer .
 I did not purchase this product or have I used this vendor before but , I do recognize the image being for this product . It is actually from a website called sheabutterhut.com ... unless ... this website actually stole it from this vendor . Not sure just thought I would make a note of it . I only gave it 1 star because I had to pick something in order to post my comment : -RRB-
 We were very disappointed with this lotion . I have always loved Supre products but this has a huge negative . It leaves your hands VERY stained .
 Keep coming off when tanningDoes n't seem to show actual heartBecause it rips easy n comes offNot happy
 This is my 2nd paddle brush . My previous one had straight , thin bristles . The bristles on this brush look like little plastic nails - the bristle comes out of the base of the brush and then there is a plastic knob at the top of the bristle . The bristles ' tops catch in my hair and yank the bristles right out of the brush . After 3 months , I probably lost about 20 % of the bristles .
 I received these fast but the downfall was the small size and i assumed that it had the out line as a sticker as well.i am not going to be able to use these to tan with.it will just show up as a small blob.i am upset i had to spend around 7 dollars on this and i can not use them = /
 I bought a bunch of samples , Quorum being one of them and put them to the test with a bunch of different women . I expected different results and what women liked differed , but young , old , goth , cowgirl , etc. . . NONE of them liked this stuff . EVERY woman suggested I just throw this stuff away ! How this is listed as one of the top male colognes is beyond me !
 um what can i say about it , it smells a bit strong , its a very mature scent and a bit flowery , personally i find it has me smelling like a 50yr old man , a nice 50yr old but i 'd rather smell a little less old >_> . i guess its one of those scents that you may not like but women will LOVE on you kinda thing . i say give it a test run if you get the responses you looking for then by all means , if you like stuff like cool water and hugo boss energise then this may not be for you . = -LRB-
 I do n't have like it and I do n't recommend to anyone . You wear this for a date with a non-smoker female you will regret it .
 My hair is so damaged it does n't hold color very well , but this product was the only one that washed out almost IMMEDIATELY ... within the first shampoo ... Clairol professional reds last alot longer ...
 My hair type , very fine . Was damaged after using this product . It might work for others .
 I am very dissapointed after recieving this product , i paid the Fanci-full Haircolor Stain Remover in bottle and paid more than 10 including the shipment.But what i got is 1 pc . towelette after long time waiting.Fanci-Full Haircolor Stain Remover Towelette
 This product left my hair very dry after dying . The packets that came with the dye -LRB- shampoo and conditioner -RRB- were literally only enough for 1/4 of my hair . I would not recommend this hair dye . Creme of Nature products have something in them that leaves your hair more dry than if you did not use it and I am not sure what it is . The color was intense and what I expected -LRB- which is why I give 2 stars -RRB- , but the quality of my hair after dying it was horrible . I had to co-wash my hair the same day to get some moisture back into it .
 This Borghese Make up I purchased seems to be extremely old . The texture is not what it should be and it has an odor . I 've been using this product for a number of years and it never looked like this .
 First , I will start with the positive , i like how the soap leaves my skin feeling clean . Now for the negatives , it does not clear up breakouts & maybe even causes them . I was hoping the soap would help with dark spots but so far no results & i have used the soap regularly for about a month now . Just not the results i expected .
 So I order this soap because of all the good reviews and let me tell you its horrible !! One bar lasted 5days , mind you I shower twice a day . It DRIED my skin out !! My husband thought it smelled ! Dont be fool , I 've been using real Black Soap and this Ambi Black Soap is garbage !! Do yourself a favor and order real Black Soap you will notice the different . I will never go back to regular soap !! I rather pay $ 23 - $ 30 for 12bars of real black soap , then $ 2 - $ 3 a bar for Ambi Black Soap . Just my 2cents !!
 This Borghese Make up I purchased seems to be extremely old . The texture is not what it should be and it has an odor . I 've been using this product for a number of years and it never looked like this .
 Dove came out with a facial pillow that would puff when wet . These pillows DO NOT puff as described . In addition , the image that is shown is not the same image I have on the packages that was sent . If I had known that ahead of time , I would have NEVER purchased this product . VERY VERY disappointing and MISLEADING ! I was very excited to purchase this item , thinking they were the puff facial pillows , spent more than I wanted to , because I thought after reading the item over and over that it was the correct one , esp with the image that was displayed , only to find out that they ARE NOT ! Buyer BEWARE !!!!
 It looks lovely as travel size Tiffany Shower Gels go ... I mean the bottle is very nice you understand . But when I opened it and tried the gel ... It was ho hum . The scent was all right but nothing all that elegant or even comforting , just yellow soap in a lovely bottle . Do n't get me wrong , I did n't get the mean reds when I used it ... . it just left me a little blue . So the next morning off I went downtown to the real Tiffany 's , ate a Danish , had some coffee and window-shopped . Calmed me down right away .
 Pros-Smells great , moisturizing and it does give a subtle colorCons-The color however is on the orange side so it is n't all that different from other products -LRB- self-tanners -RRB- on the market and I would not describe it as a `` glow '' I would describe it as slightly orange color.Jergens Natural Glow works much better amd actually gives a natural looking glow and I highly recommend that instead . It does leave a slight shimmer , which may not be something everyone would like . They have a product for your face or you could just use the body lotion . It actually does give a healthy natural looking glow that does n't look orange .
 I was hoping someone else had tried this product before , but I guess that I 'll be the first to warn you . As I look at my arms , I do see that they are sparkling . I 'm not sure if that necessarily means that I am `` brighter '' , but none the less , I am glowing . This is my first time wearing this lotion and I am utterly hating it . The moment I put it on , I knew that it was a mistake . The smell is awful . You certainly could not wear purfume and this lotion at the same time ... the smell would be too much . It is extremely high in fragrance , and not the good kind . I feel like I fell in a vat of cheap purfume . I am even getting a headache from it . Please ... if you like a subtle smell or even no smell at all , skip this product and buy something else .
 This product , like all of Dove 's products , works exceptionally well . The lotion is nourishing , and leaves you feeling smooth and sexy.And , also as with all of Dove 's products , the scent is way WAY off base . It 's very floral , overly feminine , but also cheap . It smells like the kind of perfume you could buy at five and dime ... or , like my mother says , `` it smells like a whorehouse . '' But , not only is it rank , it 's cloying . It 's too heavy , too strong . You certainly could n't wear it with another perfume.So , as much as I 'd like to give this no stars at all , I 'm going to give it one . Not just because that 's the lowest you can rate anything , but simply because it does work . If you can get over the smell . If you would like to buy this product I STRONGLY RECOMMEND that you do NOT buy it without smelling it , first .
 Whyyyyyyyy do companies change their products and ruin a good thing ?!!!! I was in LOOOOOOOVE with the scent of the old Dove Daily Moisture Therapy Conditioner !!!! I ca n't stand the smell of this new one !!!!! I 'm going to have to find a new conditioner !!!! Uuuuuuugh !!!
 I normally use dove nourishing oil care . I love that one , so I thought I would try the Energize sent to keep the mosquito 's off me when I am out side . However , after using this sent it has dramatically dried my hair out , and I have pretty bad breakage that I now have to deal with . It is highly annoying to take my hat off , and my hair has major static . This has never been a problem for me until I used Dove Energize Shampoo and Conditioner . To fix the static frizz I have to leave the Nourishing Oil Care in my hair for 30-60 min . This has allowed my hair to better absorb the nourishing stuff and it has started to help .
 I have never had dandruff problems with my hair , and I have used all sorts of products over the years . After using this conditioner for less than a week , I suddenly have flakes ! I will not ever be using this conditioner again , and I am sorry I spent the money on it in the first place.Maybe you 'll react differently , but I would never suggest using this product !
 I first received this shampoo and conditioner in a bath set for christmas -LRB- it came with the cucumber and green tea scented body wash and body spray as well - both of which I use frequently and love so I thought the products for my hair would be just as good -RRB- . And for the first week it was . My hair was soft and clean -LRB- having long hair I wash it everyday -RRB- . The best part was 8 hours after I washed my hair people would still be telling me how good my hair smelled , and that has never happened with any other shampoo/conditioner . However , about a week and a half after I started using it , after my hair would dry my part all along my scalp would feel and look greasy . I thought it was an issue of me not rinsing it all out but my hairdresser told me the intense repair was stripping too much from my hair and leaving it gross . Overall this shampoo/conditioner is too harsh for everyday use , and I ended up switching back to Aussie which works much much better for me !
 I have very curly and coily hair . I usually have luck with conditioners and have been using Aussie Moist for about a year and wanted to try a change . Learned not to fix what is n't broken!This particular conditioner did absolutely nothing for my hair but make it smell good . I used it for about 15 minutes under a cap , no heat , and rinsed my hair with cool water , as usual . My very coily hair did not bend an inch ! I was so very surprised ! Water alone curls my hair but I had never experienced any conditioner to leave my curls looking so tacky and undefined . I think the conditioner actually uncurled my hair . It also did not feel too moisturized . I did not use the conditioner as a detangler so I can not comment on slip , but the consistency is very thick -LRB- which I like for detangling -RRB- and the product smells nice . I am returning to Walmart and will not repurchase . -LRB- BTW , the shampoo version works wonders and is a staple for my hair ! Odd huh ? -RRB-
 My hair is chemically straightened . After using this product , my hair was dry and brittle . I would have been better off not using any conditioner . I 'll be throwing this out tonight !
 I have very sensitive skin prone to acne and contact allergies . I absolutely LOVE the All in One Facial Cleanser with Toner , Hydra Pure Oil Free Moisture , Hydra Pure Intense Moisture Cream , and the Alpha Beta Extra Strength Peels -LRB- in packets -RRB- , but this product is not for me . I used it the first day and thought it was a nice moisture with just a bit of tint , which was a perfect base for my powder foundation . Unfortunately , within 2 days my face was covered in the beginning stages of a massive breakout . I stopped using it and the next morning my skin already looked better , but cysts had already formed and ended up being pretty deep . They have taken a few weeks to heal , which has been extremely embarrassing and I hope they do n't leave scars . As much as I love the other products , this one has been a nightmare . If your skin is n't sensitive , this might be perfect for you , especially during the dry winter months , but if you have problem skin I would stay away from this one .
 Alright so a friend bought this product for me as a gift . Hince , im untrusting . Anyways this is total bs . My money 's on , that is pure toliet water inside this fancey bottle . So if you do purchase it make sure it 's for someone you dislike . Then , tell them to spray it all over , including their face ! Dont waste your money !
 Who know 's and is anyone 's guess . I have bought 2 bottles of this so called `` Trust '' Pheramone and I do n't think it provides much more than a ` false ' sense of protection . I believe while you have it on , your confidence is stronger simply believing that you have something helping you . I did n't notice any diffence in the way people treated or responded to me . Even using much more that I should have still provided no real effect . A much cheaper , scented pheramone that is around 7.00 works much better -LRB- pure instinct -RRB- scented oils . This is really not worth the bottle it 's packaged in . I did by the way , do extensive research on this pheramone `` oxytocin '' before my purchase as I do not have money to toss away on such items . I bought it for an `` honest '' purpose and it certainly failed to deliver any of the claims it was marketed for and I can only add that while it is unscented , it did have a slight chemical odor of some kind that I immediately responded to with negative respiratory effects and the next day of excessive use , I became ill with bronchitis which is RARE for me . My dogs had the same respiratory reaction . Not a product I ever plan to repurchase .
 Ladies and gentlmen , do not waste your money on this product . First , it smells like rubbing alcohol , which it probably is , just put in a nice expensive bottle . And honestly , as far as social settings . I 've noticed nothing better or worse . Guys , if you 're having a hard time picking up women , dont try pharemones , work on your personality and self-confidece .
 Trust me , this stuff ... and anything `` oxytocin '' is complete snake oil . I guess if you believe strongly enough that spraying tap water on yourself will attract women , then it will ! lol Save your money dudes !
 First , the facts . Oxytocin -LRB- OXT -RRB- is used to stimulate abortions and speed up labor , and it lasts only a few minutes in the body -LRB- see Wikepedia for verification and more info -RRB- . The nasal spray cited in the research papers only increases trust and generosity in the person who sprays it up their nose shortly before playing a money exchange game . Then it wears off . The FDA would come down hard on anyone offering nonprescription OXT , which is why this company tells you to spray it on your clothes . Trust is built by reading the other person 's facial expression , and by being physiologically relaxed . Even alcohol is more effective than OXT in lowering defensive distrust . The studies were designed to help understand the role that OXT plays in pleasure , attachment , generosity and trust -LRB- see papers by Paul Zak for more info -RRB- . And do n't believe word-of-mouth `` evidence ; '' placebo accounts for 25-75 % of all subjective improvements in health . So why do people continue to buy ineffective products like this ? Read Newberg ` sWhy We Believe What We Believe
 There are a lot of less expensive ways to achieve the same results . Try putting pure alcohol in an atomizer and spray it on . This is junk and does not work !
 I love the color and have used it before but this product seems very dry on my lips so I have to mix it with lip moisturizer
 I ordered two Paul Dorf Lipsticks . They were awful , awful . Both were rancid . They were so old , neither lipstick went on smoothly . They went right back . Also , I did not receive credit for the postage to send them back . Another customer also wrote a similar review . This is the last time I purchase cosmetics from Amazon . Obviously , there is no way to check for Q/A .
 This went on cakey and tasted absolutely awful . It ca n't be returned because it has to be unused and I touched it to my lips once . I got it from Beauty Encounter , maybe it was old , or bad , other people seem to like the product . I 've never written a review , I buy a lot of cosmetics , but I had to write in case it keeps someone else from throwing $ 20 in the trash .
 I bought this after reading all the positive reviews . While it is REALLY sudsy stuff so a little goes a long way , it leaves my hair LESS curly and limp . I 've been using it daily for over a month now . So sad I bought multiple bottles , do n't know what to do with them .
 Crap dryer , 1600 watts does not make a good professional hair dryer . Athough it was easy to handle The price was too expensive and compares to something I 'd pick up at Walmart for a few bucks . The concentrater nozzle kept flying off and hitting my clients in the face . I returned it to seller Discount Jungle and as of this posting 12/31/07 I have n't gotten a reply as to whether they recieved my return via UPS .
 I 've had two of these and initially loved it but one burnt out after about a year , the other caught fire after 2 months ! I will not buy another one as I think they are dangerous .
 This blush was very fake and unflattering . Kind of on the `` cakey '' side . I sent it back after trying it .
 I was not at all impressed with this product.My hair is shedding and breaking just as much as ever even though I have been trimming it . I 'm going back to Hair formula 37 which is more expensive but I have n't found anything that compares out there .
 Unfortunately , the bottle I received was expired . After taking these supplements , I became sick . I called Nexxus diretly -LRB- 1-866-913-0015 -RRB- , and they asked what the printed expiration date was on the bottom of the bottle . My bottle had NO EXPIRATION DATE , only a Lot Number -LRB- LOT #H 05029 -RRB- . Nexxus informed me that ALL THEIR CURRENT BOTTLES NOW HAVE EXPIRATION DATES . I have asked Costsell.com for an apology and full refund . Below is the email I sent Costsell.com today : ----------------------------------------------------- Hello , I ordered the Nexxus VitaTress Food Supplement from you -LRB- on Amazon -RRB- . I am writing this complaint letter because you have sold/shipped me an expired product ! Please note
 The first thing I noticed was the really bad smell when I opened the bottle-the smell of eggs -LRB- yuck -RRB- . The second thing was - the no expiration date . For the amount I paid for this , I could 've bought the same active vitamins at a drugstore for much less , without the smell , and with an expiration date . Skip the purchase and go to Target/Walmart and just buy the main active vitamins-works the same !
 ON APRIL 8 , 2010 MY DAUGHTER FELL ON THE TENNIS COURTS AND SHE HAD TO BE AIRLIFTED TO PITT DUE TO A 2CM SKULL FRACTURE . APRIL 9 SHE HAD TO HAVE AN OPERATIONS - RIGHT PARIETAL CRANIOTOMY , ELEVATION AND DEBRIDEMENT OF COMMINUTED DEPRESSED FRACTURE AND RE-CONSTRUCTION OF COMPLEX FRACTURE . IT HAS BEEN ADVISED BY OUR DOCTOR THAT DUE TO THE CORNERS AND EDGES OF THE DICE IT IS THE DIRECT RESULT OF MY DAUGHTERS SKULL FRACTURE . MY DAUGHTER HAS MILD TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY -LRB- TBI -RRB- DIRECT RESULT OF THE INJURY . THIS PRODUCT IS NOT SAFE !!! WE WILL BE MEETING WITH THE US CONSUMER ON MAY 18 , 2010 TO HAVE THIS PRODUCT RECALLED . PLEASE DO N'T USE THIS PRODUCT ... PLEASE CONTACT ME IF YOUR DAUGHTER HAS ALSO BEEN INJURIED IN ANYWAY . THANK YOU . STANLEYSFANS@AOL.COM
 The daughter of a friend is currently in the hospital after an injury from these . She tripped and fell and the hair ties caused a skull fracture . Do not use !
 This the last time i will order from this company . I contact this mutiply times over the last month and crappy replys . So now the time frame is up i am requesting my money back and discounting my 6 year long service with them .
 I must admit I was thrilled when I came across this hot pink cool looking hair dryer . Just in time for Christmas . When the girls opened this up that where so excited . Well that is about all it delivered was something bright and cool to look at . It start smoking 2 days ago . Did n't even last4 mos . Read the reviews and definately pick another hair dryer for your daughters .
 ONLY HAD THIS PRODUCT FOR LESS THAN 3 MONTHS AND ALREADY QUIT WORKING !! WHAT A WASTE OF MY MONEY !! IM REALLY DISAPPOINTED !!
 Not quiet as advertised . Very loud , louder than most hair dryers . Pretty pink but that 's all . Just ordinary hair dryer . I do n't use daily , wanted to keep in office for gym -LRB- the same buliding -RRB- . I paid less than $ 8 on sales so ca n't return it -LRB- because of postage -RRB- .
 Bought this a back up just in case something happened to my good one . It was a waste of money , even on sale . I caught my hair in it numerous times and it just generally does n't work as well as the pricier ones .
 This the last time i will order from this company . I contact this mutiply times over the last month and crappy replys . So now the time frame is up i am requesting my money back and discounting my 6 year long service with them .
 I received the `` white '' pillow a few days ago . It is completely discolored - mostly beige . It appears to have been sitting on a shelf for many years . It is only white in the area that the packaging covered . It did , however , adhere well to my whirlpool tub after a serious sanitization process -LRB- hot water , soap and bleach -RRB- . I should have spent a few more dollars for the better product .
 This pillow is okay for the first 2-3 months of use . It does n't slide much and is comfortable to lay against in a bath . After the 3 month mark , it starts to mold from the water getting stuck in the porous cover , even after squeezing it out after each bath . Unless you want to keep buying it over and over again , I would suggest another pillow . : /
 The pillow developed a leak/crack after a couple uses . This caused the pillow to fill with water . When it 's full of water it 's too heavy for the suction cups to secure to the tub easily . Also , it 's kind of icky to leave old water in the pillow , I can just imagine the bacteria and whatnot it 's harboring inside of it ...
 This is the worst hair setter that I have ever purchased ! They get too hot to handle , but the worst are the flimsy clips they give you to `` hold '' them in place . They are so cheap that when you slide them in over the roller , they stretch ; therefore , not holding in the curler . They fall out as soon as you let go of them !!!!
 There are two thing that I do n't like about this set . The curlers get too hot to handle and the lid is n't attached to the base which is very inconvenient . I would n't recommend them .
 I had the curlers less than 2 months , when I first received them they worked fine , within 2 weeks ago , the `` ON '' switch would light up , but the curlers would not heat up . Because it is beyound the 30-day return period , I called Vidal Sasson and was told to return the curlers to them , which I did yesterday . Hopefully , I will be replaced with a new curler set that works properly . In the meantime , I had to pay $ 14.85 in postage to return the curlers and an additional $ 6.00 to Vidal Sasson for shipping and handling fees .
 I bought these rollers to replace my very old clariol rollers . I absoltely hate them . As soon as I put one in my hair another falls out . The teeth on these rollers do n't hold . I am very unhappy with them . If I were Vidal Sasson I would be ashamed to put my name on them .
 This the last time i will order from this company . I contact this mutiply times over the last month and crappy replys . So now the time frame is up i am requesting my money back and discounting my 6 year long service with them .
 I am a 20 year user of several Remington products , but I must admit they missed the mark in improving this shaver . The Remington ES-1000 Utra Smooth Bump Control Shaver was designed to replace the original -LRB- BMS -RRB- Black Man 's Shaver which was discountinued several years ago . I recently purchased and used the ES-1000 and was quite disappointed with its performance . The ES-1000 performed so poorly that I had to use my BMS that I had purchase 20 years ago to remove facial hair the ES-1000 shaver could not and did not remove . The product should be called `` Ultra poor with a sandpaper finish . '' The product needs to be put to death by using an ultra smooth bullet . For anyone with curly hair problems , you may want to consider comparing this product against the Wahl 5-Star Series , Model # 8061 . I think you will find there is a major difference in the products .
 I had bought this razor after reading some of the reviews . I used the razor as directed in the instruction manual . The manual said when you first use the razor your beard would get used to it after a few weeks of use . I used the razor for a few weeks and with ever week the bumps got worse . I had to stop using it entirely for my skin to heal . Do not buy this product .
 Razor bumps are very fickle and hard to deal with , so while I ca n't call this product a complete failure , I have to be fair and say that it did not work as advertised , and sometimes appeared to worsen my condition . As of now , I just use a trimmer for my facial hair , and cut close but not too close .
 I 'm 52 years old and never had an electric shaver draw blood . It does n't look defective in any way , but the shaver tears up my skin . I was looking for a shaver that would n't shave so close , but this one goes beyond close .
 This the last time i will order from this company . I contact this mutiply times over the last month and crappy replys . So now the time frame is up i am requesting my money back and discounting my 6 year long service with them .
 I was surprised at this product , It was the same size as the travel size , I thought it would be bigger . Not much in the can for the price . Seems to work okay .
 I bought this moisturizer at ULTA , which was recommended by staff . I returned it after a few weeks of use . I found it to be very greasy and it took a long time to absorb . I finally decided to return it after swimming a few times with my kids . The moisturizer would run into my eyes and it really burns . That was it for me.I instead bought Neutrogena Visibly Even . I really am happy w/this product . Half of the price , absorbs quickly , non greasy and smells great .
 Hi there , I havent returned it but I am very disappointed with this product , it says oil free but it seems to be very thick and greasy and has caused me to break out worse . I am taking the time now to send a review .
 After trying to use this a couple of times , I gave up because it just weighs my hair down . I would n't recommend it to anyone trying to get full , thick looking hair .
 it gets streaky . i didnt really like this product . i suggest buying the cosmedicine tinted moisturizer .
 These eye make up remover pads are just horrible . Andrea EyeQ 's are thin pads which are completely soaked in oil , to the point where they 're difficult to get out of the container one by one . After using these pads to get your make up off , you 'll have to use another product to get the oil off your eyes . Frankly , you may as well save your money and by a bottle of cooking oil and plain cotton pads and use that instead , because that 's what you 'll get when buying these remover pads ...
 I bleached my hair twice to get it to a nice pale blonde shade . Then I applied Manic Panic 's purple Haze to second day hair and left it in for 12 hours with heat from my hair dryer on and off.I was expecting a nice clean shade of light purple , but what I got was a weird pink-orange streaky MESS . I 've been coloring my own hair with other Manic Panic colors for years and never have I had a problem like this.Please , do NOT waste your money . If I could give it 0 stars I would .
 I 've been bleaching and dying my hair all sorts of colors for like 15 years now ... Manic Panic was always a pretty solid brand , and I 've stood by it for I think too long now . For the last year or two I have been trying not to lose faith in the brand , but ... it just does n't seem to be the same formula or something . I 've tried the `` amplified '' version with slightly better results , but miss the days when dumping the money for `` the good stuff '' yielded better results than some off walmart brand . Sadly , I think it 's time for this old bat to switch . :'-LRB- sorry manic panic
 I have naturally black hair so I decided to do a strand test . I bleached first and the overall turnout was very dull and lusterless . Maybe I did n't leave the bleach or dye on long enough . I did use a hair dryer on the dye portion of it . It also damaged my hair horribly . I will use it more and try the bleach longer , but I was not impressed at all with this product . BE WARNED !!!
 I had mixed this dye with the virgin snow toner and the color result was kinda this cool purple-ish gray color and I enjoyed it , in spite of the taunts thrown at me by the elders that they `` earned '' their grays lol . This product still disappointed me though , as it did n't last very long and on manic panic 's website they make it sound like you only have to redye it every so often . I will most likely not buy this again , nor recommend this to a friend .
 I used this product for some highlights , and was expecting it to stay for several weeks . Not true ... It lasted maybe 2 days before it faded into an ugly lavender shade . It was completely out by 5 days . Really dissappointing ! So , if you never wash your hair , I guess it 'd work . But for me , I 'll just have to find a more permanent dye .
 I 've used manic panic in my hair before -LRB- vampire red -RRB- , but this color just seemed to fade to white every time I showered . The red had stayed in for weeks , maybe it was just the amplified version that last a lot longer . But this purple ca n't compare . Really really disappointing . : -LRB-
 Alright I did everything it asked and then some , I waited 2 hours to wash out the dye , and well , it did n't work out to well as expected , after your hair dries the dye is still gon na stick on everything.Keep in mind that I bought Rockabilly blue , it just made my head semi blue and mostly black , never mind that this stuff gets all over me ! I woke up the next day and my face was blue ! Alright not totally blue but a tint of blue . To sum it up , this thing sucks . I think they paid the other people to write good reviews for this thing.Don ' t waste your money .
 It 's a really nice color if you apply one coat , but we all know with colors like these you have to apply at least 2 , but once you apply the 2nd coat the color changes . Also after a week I removed the nail polish and it stained my nails . Do n't recommend .
 I bought this based on the reviews . VERY unimpressed . I touch up chips twice a day ! I usually use OPI , which will last two weeks with minimal maintenance . This did n't make it 3 days . The colors are pretty , but even Sally Hanson outlasts Essie , and at a third the price . My first bottle will be my last bottle .
 I really have no idea what the fascination is with this brand . I 've tried so many shades hoping that maybe the last was a fluke . But , this brand is awful IMO . It 's difficult to apply , applies streaky , and chips so easily . I much prefer OPI .
 This nail polish is a good one . But I was expecting more of it . First of all , I say it is very expensive so I thought it would be a great quality , I wanted it for french nails . but for my suprise it came to my house with a thick consistency . I do n't know if all essey nail polish are like this , but this was my first essey nail polish and all I can say is that I prefer buying the inexpensive revlon I have always buyed .
 this color is way too light and to get the white-ish color you have to have 3 coats . The seller is the BESTS -LRB- not the first time I order from them -RRB- but THIS particularly nail polish is not great ... I 'll just stay with Opi < 3
 If you want a natural nail tint , that looks like color of the real nail bed , this is the shade for you . It is not as pink as the photo ; it 's more cream . Really sheer , just perfect for a french manicure . Not for me though , I like my colors more saturated , even with a Fnch.ManiFollow up April 30 , 2011
 even brighter in person than in pic and once on . maybe at my darkest in the summer i would wear this . almost neon .
 Ask plenty of questions about product and merchandise as these items appear new in picture , but merchandise clearly been used or were tester products .
 Sea Breeze has been my favorite Essie color , and since it such an old color , most stores no longer carry it . So when I discovered it listed with this seller on Amazon , I was pleased . Unfortunately , the polish that I received was nothing like the original Sea Breeze that I have so enjoyed . I 've simply tossed it rather than go to the trouble of returning it . I DO NOT recommend this product as offered by this seller !!!
 I bought this product hoping to have a decent hair-mascara to cover up my gray hair in between colorings . I bought both the dark brown and the light brown , not knowing which one would be appropriate for my hair . When I received them , I was horrified . The `` dark brown '' was actually a metallic , shiny copper , and the `` light brown '' was a metallic , shiny gold . They look like something you 'd get out of a cheap Halloween shop . They should not be represented as something to cover gray when they are for costume hair streaks only . I had to pay shipping for these , but since they 're inexpensive -LRB- the ONLY good point -RRB- , it 's not worth it to ship them back . So ... I have to eat the cost , which upsets me since I bought this product solely based on how it was represented . It seems like false advertising to me !
 Smells like perfume I 've had lying around for 10yrs ... or , Raid . . not sure ... . not what I 'm used to ! Should 've stuck with Vera ...
 I bought two of the hair mascaras - one light brown and one dark brown - to see which one worked better on my medium brown hair . Both of the hair mascaras were the wrong color , and I honestly do n't know how they would be right for anyone since they were harsh metallic colors . The `` light brown '' was actually metallic gold color , and the `` dark brown '' was actually metallic copper . These might be used for costume hair streaks but never for everyday use to cover up or touch up gray . I think the ad for this product is misleading . It should advertise this product as being for fun or for costume use only .
 NO was not happy when I opened my package !! The PICTURE that was DISPLAYED when I ORDERED was that of the old product called TRANQUILITY what I received was the new product called TRANQUILITY CHAMOMILLE.That was quite deceitful buy the seller and was false advertising ! Anyone who has used the old product knows it is not the same . BEWARE if you are looking for the old product contact seller and make sure that is what you are getting !!!
 Very inferior . The off switch collapsed into the handle the first time I used it . Returned it for a refund.A far better product of this type is the Conair BC84JCS Instant Heat 3/4 Inch Hot Brush for $ 12.99 , also available from Amazon .
 Received this item out of box in a flat rate envelope . Swabs were made in China and the wood seemed of poor quality with frequent breaks and the cotton application tip was quite thin.I would NOT purchase this brand again !
 This got to be a joke!They sent me the product -LRB- Suppose to be 1000 Q-tips -RRB- in A USPS FLAT -LRB- !!! -RRB- rate Mailing Envelope.Inside the envelope , it 's an EMPTY COLLAPSED Packing with ABSOLUTELY NOTHING inside!I would like to give them the benefit of doubt that this is a shipping error but seriously who in the right frame of mind would throw $ 10 out there so to get an empty box of nothing?The seller is DIRECT CARE STORE in Houston , TX
 This the last time i will order from this company . I contact this mutiply times over the last month and crappy replys . So now the time frame is up i am requesting my money back and discounting my 6 year long service with them .
 I bought this product because it showed up on the fist page -LRB- best selling product -RRB- + it had a good rating as well.But I was really disappointed because it hurts your skin when you use it to clean your face . Maybe good for foot?Although I 've tried to use this gently -LRB- not giving too much pressure + making a circle -RRB- it will irritate your skin.If you are going to buy this one for first time , then I do n't know what to tell you . If you have a sensitive skin then I would recommend you to get a gentle one . but this one was not good for me .
 This the last time i will order from this company . I contact this mutiply times over the last month and crappy replys . So now the time frame is up i am requesting my money back and discounting my 6 year long service with them .
 still waiting . correspondence with co. was good but no results why must I write more words ??????? I said what I wanted to say ... la la la la la la
 Leaves oily residue . A lot of it . Needs more than just one swipe to take off all of your makeup . Goes easily on your skin .
 I generally trust Neutrogena products - dermatologists have been recommending them to me for years , they 're good for sensitive skin , etc. . But they totally dropped the ball on this one . I 'm sure that by some definition , the product is oil-free , otherwise they would n't be able to market it as such , right ? But somehow , it feels exactly as oily as my old Maybelline oil-full eye makeup remover . Plus it says you have to rinse your eyelids after you use it , which seems kind of suspicious , because what would you have to rinse off if there was n't oily residue everywhere ? And why , as the instructions say , would you have to shake the bottle to `` activate '' it before using , if you did n't have to mix up the oil ? As another reviewer pointed out , you can see what appear to be oily bubbles in the bottle , and there 's a clear `` line '' in the middle where the two types of liquid separate from one another . The last product I used was the oil-free Almay eye makeup remover pads , and they were n't greasy at all . AT ALL . And no instructions to rinse afterward , as far as I can remember . They were great , but the Neutrogena was a better buy at the time I went to the store , so I took an unfortunate chance , and here I am . Feeling obligated to try and save even just one poor soul from the ickiness of greasy eyelids .
 this review is not about the product , as the product is FANTASTIC , i have been using for 2 years . The delivery however was disappointing . one of the 2 bottles broke in transit so i ended up getting just 1 of the 2 ordered bottles , and paid double prices effectively ...
 I 'm 5ft9in woman with a normal/thin frame . I bought this towel to take to the gym . It was just a few crucial inches too short and narrow , such that I could n't anything in the gym without one hand clutched to keep the towel carefully position for modesty . It would barely overlap when I wrapped it around myself , was a bit too short for comfort , and would n't stay wrapped -- definitely an irritation if you 're trying to stay a little modest in a communal locker room . Getting dried with it was a bit like getting dried off with a generous hand-towel -- sure you can do it , but it 's irritating.The actual fabric is fine , about what you 'd expect for a travel towel -- not plush but it gets the job done . I just think the whole towel would benefit from adding 2 inches in each direction . I 'm going to try ordering the next size up .
 This towel was very absorbent . It was great for wriging out clothes in because it would absorb a ton of the water out of them . Unfortunately , wringing it out is much more difficult and since it holds so much water , it does n't actually dry very fast . If you really soak some water into these , they take quite a while to dry hanging by their loop - it certainly wo n't dry completely overnight .
 Sorry L'Oreal , but this stuff makes my eyes red and causes tears each time I apply it , even though I avoid using it around my eyes ... Also , it 's very greasy , it does not properly absorb into the skin and leaves it very shiny ... smell is bearable though ... Had to throw it ...
 I 've tried using this a few times . I am pretty bad at staying still after painting my nails and usually manage to ruin at least 2 nails per hand every time . It 's really time consuming . So I thought this Quick-E drying drops would be my magic cure . I really could n't tell a difference in drying time and I STILL smudged a nail or two . I also was n't sure if these funky little bubbles in my polish were cause by the drying drops . I mean is there such a thing as applying it to soon ? I just do n't know about this product ... I feel like I MUST be doing something wrong ! : -LRB-
 My salon charges an extra dollar for this product and though it may dry the top of the enamel it does not dry through all coats 3 hours after my pedicure I needed to put heels on and my pedicure was ruined . My nails were still wet 3 HOURS later How is that a quick dry .
 I have to say that I had high hopes for this product , the reviews were good , and the shape made sense -- add to that the cleanser , and I was excited to receive it.Unfortunately , the sponge does not do the job well , nor is it firm enough . Regarding cleaning it , the enclosed pads do n't do the job as well as water and some soap if neeed . Needless to say , I 'm disappointed -- this is not the `` better mouse-trap '' I hoped for.I say skip this product as is , and let 's hope they improve it , and not just be a girly-girl pink gimmick . The packaging is darn cute though < g > . just my .02 for free
 Save yourself time and go to the dollar store , buy a bag of sponges and cut them down ; like I did after I got these .
 I think you need to be a pro in order to make use of this little tool . I usually use my fingertips and do n't do much contouring . You should wash this after every use , which I find a little impractical .
 Do n't waste your money on this ! It is a weird shape and does n't get clean completely . the pointy end is useless .
 Ok , so this is the thing ... sponges are great for applying foundation ... but you could you get a pack of disposable ones for less than half the price without jeopardizing your skin . The shape of this sponge is nothing special and the brightly pink dye on it bleeds out . The foundation stains it , and it gives the appearance of being something dirty even though you know it is n't . All in all not saying it does n't perform , it just is n't worth it in the long run ... save your money and keep it fresh and buy makeup sponges at you local drug store and apply accordingly . I also prefer foundation brushes over wasting any change on this obnoxious item .
 I had high hopes based on reviews -LRB- on this site and other sites -RRB- , but there is nothing special about these . I wanted something to help ensure smooth application of make-up , but the Beauty Blender did nothing much different than any other discount store sponge . It was more awkward to work with , too .
 These are really nothing special . They do n't seem to improve the appearance of my foundation at all , and the pointed end is useless . I am disappointed . They are also extremely difficult to clean .
 When I use this sponge to apply foundation , tiny hot pink specks remain on my face from the sponge . I 'm back to the drawing board , trying to find a sponge that will replace a brand I 've been using for years that is no longer available .
 I 've only used it a few times but was n't impressed - especially for the cost . I got better results by just using a primer before makeup without applying with sponge . This seemed to make the makeup look thick on me and made pores look huge even with primer first . I personally would n't recommend it . ~ Melissa
 The photo showed 2 sponges and I was so happy I thought I got a good deal . Who knew , when I opened the package , I only saw 1 sponge and I was extremely disappointed . I 'm sure its good , everyone says it is , but I am disappointed to be paying so much for only 1 sponge .
 I read about this in a magazine where the reviewer raved and raved . I figured , why not and ordered it even tho it was pricey . It 's cute , you bet , but just try cleaning it after the first use . What do you mean it wo n't come clean ?? Try soap ?? Still nothing ?? You can still see and feel the make up ?? So , now I have this cute , used to be pink , thingy on my counter . Ca n't get it clean no matter how I try . My advice would be to stick to your old foam wedges that can be cleaned .
 i was disappointed ... i thought it was larger than it was and then i saw the exact same thing for $ 5 in TJ Max !
 I suspected these were fake when I bought them from this amazon seller months ago -LRB- as I had bought previous Beauty Blenders direct from the company and these felt different -RRB- . Over the Thanksgiving holiday I bought two from the Sephora store and my suspicions were confirmed.How I know the ones i bought from this amazon seller are fake
 I 've used beauty blender bought from sephora for the past 6 months and buy my third one from amazon.com for the first time.The bounciness and fine consistency of the sponge felt very different from the one I had before . Do n't know if the company change the product to the much worse material or I received the FAKE one from amazon . It felt very rough and not bouncy though the color look real . Too bad , I coud n't return this as it already open and I bought the 2 sponge pack . Still do n't know what to do with them . Does amazon sell fake stuff or anybody has the same problem as me ?
 Way too expensive for a piece of foam . I tried using this for a few weeks , and gave up , going back to using my fingers or brushes . The sponge gets stained easily , and doesnt really blend as well as it is portrayed to . Does not live up to the hype !
 Not sure if I was sold a fake version of this but I have had it for about 3 weeks and it has completely fallen apart . Not sure why but it is coming apart in pieces .
 I purchased this item over the summer because of hearing good reviews on you tube , delivery was prompt but the product did n't really make much of a difference to me . I have used wedges , brushes and sponges in the past and the beauty blender does n't apply foundation better than any other sponge or brush i 've used . I do not have alot of scars/blemishes on my face but i love using full coverage foundation to hide those scars that i do have and i 've found that my revelon concealer brush or a round brush applies foundation most wonderfully , the look is natural and never cakey . After purchasing and using this item it just went into the basket i store my other sponges in - i gave this item a two because delivery was good and it 's my favorite color - pink ! I would recommend if you 're looking to buy a good sponge but in my opinion it 's not the best one out there
 i did not understand this product , first it only smells lavender -LRB- nothing like coconuts -RRB- , and then , the product is so thick that it would n't come out off the bottle . I tried to press it so hard but nothing happened .
 I would not suggest buying this , I put it in my hair ... smells awfull , and it does n't even work . Very disappointed in it , I thought I 'd have straight hair or at least slightly straight hair . It did absolutely nothing for me and I followed the instructions as told .
 This product is horrible . It was a great idea
 The dryer works great , although I would have liked to use it safely at both speeds.Note that -LRB- according to the instructions -RRB- the dryer switch must be in and remain in the `` low '' operating position when using 250 volts ... Too bad !
 I never received the correct model as pictured on web site . The one that came had a folding handle and was not what was represented or was ordered . Customer service was very nice and promised to send the correct dryer . The box arrived shortly thereafter but still contained the wrong model . A 2nd call to customer service again revealed the bar code on the manufacturers box was correct but the dryer inside the box was wrong . I asked for a refund and they were very nice about putting it through .
 Item picture was different than product shipped . Picture needs to be updated to new model design . Item had to be returned .
 This is sort of a lacquer with small black fibers . After putting it on my eyebrows , my eyes started to water and burn - I guess due to the chemicals in it . All it did was make my brows look as if I had used a thin black pencil on them . Spend your money elsewhere .
 This is the WORST product !!!! If you notice , all of the positive reviews are from at least a few years ago . Sally Hanson has since changed the formula . The original formula -LRB- which is discontinued and can not be found anywhere -RRB- was amazing . Never streaked , sweat off . It made your legs look and feel flawless . I used it religiously for years until they came out with a new formula . It sweats off , smears on your clothes , chairs etc -LRB- I left an embarrasing orange powdery streak on my friends black leather car seats -RRB- , and it just feels thick and sticky on your legs . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY UNLESS SALLY BRINGS THE ORIGINAL FORMULA BACK ! You 'll see the same kind of review as mine if you look on the Sally Hanson website itself . Awful product when it was once so amazing .
 You know how a turkey on TV looks ? All dark orangey brown ? That 's what my leg looked like when I put this stuff on it . It 's DARK CRAZY ORANGE , like back in the 80 's when albino white girls would put on that dark orange self tanner -- it 's like that . Maybe my mistake was that I just picked a color that was too dark , but really even if I had a nice summer tan this stuff would still be WAAAAAAAAAAAAY too dark . Maybe if you 're a light skinned african american , this stuff would look rockin ' hot on you , but white girls
 I 'm a mideastern woman , with very white skin and dark hair . I do n't recommend this product for others like my skin color . When I apply this product to my skin , it turns to an ugly orange color that differs completely from my hands and face color . My legs appeared as someone else 's , not as mine . I think it will work with women of darker skin .
 I have an opinion about the product simply because it did not arrive at my house . And the deadline for the day was up 9 / 7 .
 I really did not like this fragrance . Not something that I could wear . Rather than sending it back which I probably could n't anyway , I sold it to a friend - she loved it .
 i am very displeased with this product . no noticeable difference in skin texture/look and i 've used most of jar trying to give it a chance . i 've used it 1-2 x per week for a few weeks now . i 've used another product for a few years , but i thought i should change it up a little . i will be going back to my original product .
 I was so unbelievably dissapointed . This item is actually about 1 inch by 2 inch . The picture is very misleading.I would not buy from this company again
 I have very thick toenails so this product looked to be a godsend . I followed the directions exactly . Final analysis ? Does n't work . Save yourself some money and do this instead
 This is the third hot air styler I 've purchased , and by far the worst . Granted , these kinds of products are not made to last very long , but I 've had it roughly 3 months and it 's already showing its shoddy design.My biggest complaint is the barrel does not stay securely on the device , so brushing my ends actually makes the barrel twist on its base -LRB- and sometimes it just pops off -RRB- . My hair also continually gets caught in the space between the handle and the barrel , which usually means losing several hairs during each use . I really wish I kept the receipt so I could return this piece of junk . I paid $ 20 for it , which was $ 20 too much .
 This particular hot air brush does n't get hot enough . It works OK , it should just get hotter ! If you have curly hair and are planning to use this product , do n't bother . It may work better on straight hair , but I can not attest to this .
 The fact that this brush rotates freely and has an interchangeable head is the downfall of this product . The heads just snap on and off , and they have flimsy plastic teeth to keep them in place . So , when it is in your hair it will actually snap off while you are using it.Also , the thing that keeps it from rotating is made out of plastic , so when you are running it through your hair , it will start clicking a little and rotating slightly even though you are n't pushing the button.Please do n't waste your money on this . I have been using this type of blow dry brush for 7 years and this is the first one I 've had a problem with . I replaced it withRevlon RV446 1200W Ion Select Ceramic Hot Air Kitwhich works well -LRB- but is a little too loud -RRB- and Conair also sells some nice ones .
 Do n't buy thinking you are getting the older model version . It is the newer version which is a very poor design .
 This was not the hot air styler I wanted . I was looking for the RV444 without the letter C at the end . I 've purchased this product before . Now each time I order the Rv444 , I 'm sent RV444C . I 'm guessing the RV444 is no longer available . I would like to have been told the RV444 styler is no longer available if this is the case , because I must have 8 of the RV444c in the attic . Not being used.Carolyn Lewis
 I had a Conair product similiar to this for years . I finally had to replace it and thought Revlon should make a good product . I could not find another Conair blow brush dryer at the store I was shopping at so decided to go with the Revlon . It really is poor quality and will go in the trash . I will look until I find a better product . Very disappointing ...
 Is this package really new as the print-out white label claims ? Anyone can put that label on . It was not in a box as the picture showed , it came in a plastic see-through bag . It does n't even have instructions as a new product would have . I am dissatisfied !
 I love the other Revlon Air Brush , 1200 watt and pink , but mine broke after a year , and i was on vacation , so the only product they had at Walmart was the Revlon 444C . works okay for straightening my bangs , but it took a while to straighten my hair with it , and it still was n't that smooth . i have naturally curly , coarse thick hair , but I loved my other Revlon Airbrush .
 I bought this hair dryer about 3 months ago . It has 3 heat settings , cool , low , and high . I 've noticed for the past few days that the low setting was not making contact some of the time . Today the low setting cut out completely , and I can only use the dryer on the cool or high settings . I would return this dryer immediately , but I do n't have the receipt . I like this type of hair dryer because it makes it easier to work with my hair , but Revlon makes a lousy product .
 As soon as I plugged it in the first time , it made an odd noise , started smoking and smelled strongly of burning plastic . In just that few seconds , the handle also became hot . So , obviously , I did n't even get to try it . I 'll return it , but I 'm almost afraid to buy another .
 I have used the hot air brushes for years ... . I LOVE THEM . I have wavy to curly hair that is very frizzy . My hot air brush recently burnt out and I ran out to the nearest store and found this one it was the same brand but a different model . As soon as I plugged it in I knew it was weeker and did n't get as hot . Also it was so light and as soon as I started to use it I almost broke it because the one I had could handle double the hair and the pull from the strands of hair to straighten them . If this sounds like your hair Revlon still has a great product for you it is the white one with the 3 attachements 2 round brushs and the angled blower . It is loud but it sounds like a good blow dryer does I rate it a five star . I used this dryer when my hair was long and now that it is short it is still wonderful . I wish I knew the model # . This is a good dryer if you have straight to slightly wavy hair or if you have more time to do it . It takes about 20 min when the other one takes 5 to 10 minutes depending how wet your hair is .
 I purchased this product and upon the first time using it , the attachment came off . It is poorly designed -LRB- the button to remove attachments is where you put your hand to hold the thing -RRB- and cheaply made -LRB- feels as though it is about to fall apart -RRB- . The heat does n't come out of the holes on the roller , instead the heat comes from the main unit . I used it one time and gave it away . I later purchased a better brand where the heat comes through the holes on the roller as it 's supposed to ! I would not recommend this product .
 When my Revlon hot air dryer broke after many years I replaced it with another Revlon hot air styler . What a mistake , the new version was terrible . The barrel constantly fell off and it did n't dry anything like the original model ! So when I saw the older version online , -LRB- at least the picture shows the older version -RRB- , I ordered it . But what I received was the newer Revlon hot air dryer and as I mentioned before the new model is useless . Had the correct picture of this Revlon product been shown online I would never have ordered it .
 I just received my brush -LRB- es -RRB- hair dryer yesterday 3/9/07 ... tried it out today - for 5 MINUTES ... I absolutely hate it . It 's the worst , by far , hair appliance I 've ever owned . I guess you get what you pay for ... but I 've owned Revlon products in the past , and this was absolutely the biggest waste of money . I can not return it , because the return cost would be too expensive , too much trouble , and I guess it will go in the dumpster . I hate it - do n't make the same mistake I made . One big problem is that the bristles are so lousy - not firm and does n't grip the hair . Just take it from this written testimony - it 's a piece of junk .
 Hate it but could not return it as I dont want to pay for the mailing cost
 I have very thick straight hair and usually dry it then use the curling iron . This blow dryer is not hot enough to dry my hair , even if I take small strands at a time . It does n't seem to curl my hair either . I guess I will try to dry it with a regular blow dryer most of the way then try and curl it with the brush , which will defeat the purpose of why I bought it . Also , I 've switched brushes a couple times and now the brush falls off while I am blow drying my hair . I feel I waisted my money . Another product I wo n't use .
 I have owned one of these Hot Air Stylers for many , many years and thought I should replace it with a new model.What a mistake !!! The handle on this Styler is so large you can not get your hand around it . I suppose a large man could get a good grip but I have never seen a women 's hand large enough to fit around it . The next thing you will notice is the fact it does not get as hot as the old model . Even worse is that air blows out of vents at the bottom of the brush in the top of the handle so your hair is blowing all over the place.The only good thing is that it is much more quiet than the older model . Maybe I am just too set in my ways but I would love to have my old model back .
 This hot air dryer has two brushes that can be changed depending on which size you want . Both brushes were very difficult to pull off the dryer body . After I used the thing about 20 times , the seat for the brushes broke.Too much trouble to return it but this product is useless .
 Do n't waste your money !!! The air blows out of a small hole and it takes forever to dry my hair and its NOT that thick !! Last week It burnt out!Now it doesnt work ! Total waste of money !!!
 There 's a reason why this thing is so cheap
 When purchasing this on Amazon the photo is of the OLD model which was what I was loooking for . Not helpful when you are sent the new model which I could have purchased locally . The new design of this product does not allow it to be used as it was prior to this change . Air flow is newly directed and unable to achieve desired reults of older models . Then the website did not allow me to return the product - only exchange . Had to spend two phone calls and numberous explanations to accomplish returning ... not a pleasant experience and still not able to find the older model .
 It was very poor quality . Kept turning while using and afraid it was going to fall off . The button to turn it off and on stuck more than once and now is completely stuck ! I bought two and am returning them both !!
 I only got 2 months of use out of this product , which I bought at a local store . After that short time , it would only heat for a minute or less before the heating element turned off and it blew only cool air . Fortunately , I was able to return it to the store for a refund . It was n't very expensive , but 2 months is absurd . Wo n't buy this brand again , that 's for sure .
 This was a gift to replace an ancient , sadly-deceased Conair model . I was n't crazy about it at first but managed to make the large barrel work for me . -LRB- The small barrel allowed too much air to blow everywhere . -RRB- My kinky/frizzy hair was smoother and straighter but still had body , unlike when using a straightening iron , so it was okay . After three months the large barrel base cracked so it would n't lock into the base . I used the small barrel , with much cursing , to semi-control my poodle hair . Two weeks later the unused-by-me `` rotate '' button fell off , allowing the barrel to spin freely.The device itself is a good styling tool , but 4 months is too short a lifespan , even at this reasonable price . I hope this was just a bum item and not a design flaw , but I 'm still rating it a one .
 I see they have changed what was originally advertized . The original item stated ... Ceramic , Black and Purple , which was the style my wife loved . I ordered two , due to the fact that it is an older model , and Revlon said that Amazon bought all their stock . The one 's recieved were ... Ceramic , Black and Red , which my wife has currently and does not like . Needless to say , they were sent back for a refund
 I orderd this item , despite the bad reviews i read . All the bad reviews i read were correct . The barrel does not spin as described , in fact , you press the button and it does absolutely nothing . I returned the 1st one , acepted the replacement , and sure enough the 2nd one did not spin either . This product should be removed from the market . Waste of time . Gave it one star becuase you cant put zero stars .
 I had a way older model just like this one that was fantastic!The rotate button was so easy to use BUT on this one it is anabsolute joke , not to mention the brushes WILL NOT stayon the wand . Into the garbage it goes !
 This item has too little wattage to achieve the straight -LRB- no curl -RRB- effect I want . Perhaps the manufacturer assumes the customer understand the difference between wattage and styling . I did not . It would have been helpful if more information had been included in the description .
 I purchased this hot air styler about a year ago and only used about 3 times . My hair turned out fine the 3 times I used it but it stopped working all of sudden . I 've owned many hair styling products which lasted for years . Revlon should just stick to what they started with , makeup .
 I have purchased the Revlon Hot air stylers for many years . This one though , I must say it 's a piece of crap . Please do yourself a favor and do not buy .
 I have used a similar item for years until the heating element broke in it . I bought this one to replace it and was horribly dissappointed . The air flow is so weak that you HAVE to use another dryer to dry your hair before you can use this to curl your ends . The barrel loses its grip with the slightest resistance , which means that every time you hit a tangle the barrel rolls and straightens your hair instead of curling it and you have to take the dryer and push the barrel back on it . And then it broke after only 3 weeks of use . What a waste of money ! I will keep looking for the old model that I used .
 Where do I start ? Air flow too weak . The plastic `` seat '' for the smaller roller unit broke when still fairly new . Neither roller units were easy to clamp in and once in they loosened and fell out . Handle too thick to turn easily . I do n't know what country this thing was made in but Revlon should be doing more product control on what they put out on the market .
 I did not order a used brush/dryer , but it arrived with a large scratch on one portion and there were hairs in the smaller brush attachment !!! I was n't happy .
 I got this because I thought it would cut my time in half when blow drying my hair . Here is why I give it only one star :1 . The first thing that I noticed is that there is not a lot of power behind it , but it did add shine which I liked . 2 . The first time I used it , both barrels came out as I was using it . I have kind of thick hair so i always separate it into smaller sections so as not to overpower any tool I 'm using , but this could n't take even small amounts without falling out of the dryer .3 . It is supposed to spin , but even before I ever put it to my head , it never spun . The only think it did was loosen if it got tangled in my hair4 . The second time I used it the barrel split in half in the middle of using it , again on a small section of hairOverall a good idea , but poor quality . Frankly i expect more from Revlon .
 the hair dryer/curler looked used and it had hair rolled on it ... it said it was new on the amazon review . The barrol didnt even spin !
 This Revlon product should be recalled . The barrels do n't stay in while you are drying your hair . I 've even had them fly out across the room . I 'd return it , but I do n't know where the receipt is .
 Very weak hair dryer and the barrel never would seat properly . I only bought the RV444 because the store did not have the RV440C . Just found my receipt so I can try to get my money back.A much better choice for about the same price
 I did not like it ! The Revlon RV 444c hot styler because it falls apart in your hand while you are trying to dry your hair . It is not sturdy and it makes it really hard to you use ! I sent my back and got a Conair one that it is a lot more user friendly and durable !
 My previous Revlon 444c hot air brush just died after about two years so I bought the same model again -- but the new 444c is a total redesign and not what is pictured on Amazon 's website . The newer model has fewer rows of bristles in the brush -LRB- much smaller surface area -RRB- and the handle base is not only fatter but constructed of really cheap and flimsy plastic . The brush attachment is a little wobbly too . Compared to the previous model , I do n't think this one is going to last 6 months . I 've lost loyalty to Revlon now . Pay attention corporations -- I 'd rather pay MORE money for a better quality item !
 The styler pictured is the older model , which I loved . Each time one would wear out , I would replace it with the same model . The new model is terrible . It 's bulky to handle and they have re-styled the airflow . It blows air out at the base of the brush and blows your hair away from the styler . It 's impossible to style your hair with this product now . I 'm looking on ebay to see if I can find one of the old models . Otherwise , I 'll be looking at other brands . Revlon needs to go back to the original design.Helpful tip
 I ordered the Revlon RV444C hot air styler and dryer because I thought I would be receiving the same dryer as pictured in the ad . I had purchased that same styler from Walmart some years ago and loved it . Since I could n't find the same hot air brush dryer in stores , I ordered it from Amazon since it looked the same as the one I had . I was very disappointed as the handle was thicker and clumsy to hold . The air flow too strong and the brush head very sparse so my air blew all over the place when using it . To make a long story short , I sent it back . Why manufacturers choose to change a successful product like this is beyond me . The newer version is bulkier , brush heads very skimpy and cheaper all around . I do n't recommend it for anyone looking for more control when using a hot air brush dryer .
 This hairdrier has been redesigned . I am very upset with the Revelon Company for doing that . The brush surface has been shortened and air vents put in the brush attachments . That makes it very difficut to dry the hair because the air from the vents blows the hair that is not on the brush and disturbes the styled hair that has already been dried . The handle has been made larger around . That makes it very hard for someone who has difficulty gripping to use it . I have used the earlier designed hairdrier for years and loved it , but this one leaves a lot to be desired . I wish Revelon had left the design alone and not made the so called improvements . I know the person or persons who redesigned the drier never dried their hair with it . Because if they had , they would have never gotten through the styling process .
 I bought this hot air brush at KMart , its the only one they have with a larger size barrel . This is the third one I bought in a less than a 2 year period . I use it daily , and it gives great results . However , it does not last more than 4-6 months . The point at which it breaks each and every time is where 2 flimsy screws are attached to the barrel . I am now looking here at Amazon to find a different brand , for when my current airbrush breaks I will not buy another Revlon one . If it was n't for the barrel breaking off so soon after purchase I 'd give it 5 stars .
 I have had a half a dozen of these hair dryers over the years before they introduced the rotating barrel `` feature '' . This is THE most annoying thing you can imagine . It is impossible to control once it starts spinning and it is impossible to keep it locked in so that it does n't spin . This product is the only thing I know that can make me curse first thing in the morning . I was so happy with the old hair dryers without this `` feature '' . I have switched to a similar product by Conair .
 I have had 2 Revlon brush blowdryers in the past several years and have liked them very much . However , the brush barrell eventually broke apart from the handle -LRB- from much use -RRB- so they had to be replaced . I recently purchased Revlon 's replacement model and do not like it at all ! I have to agree with some of the previous negative reviews . I have short hair and use the smaller barrell . The old style brush blow dryers have always worked wonders for me . I ca n't say anything good about the new model . While I am curling and drying a section of my hair , the open space between the handle and the barrell is blowing air toward other sections of my hair -LRB- curled or uncurled -RRB- , causing my hair to stick up in every direction ! My hair pretty much tends to stay that way ! The more I try to fix it , the more it messes up another section of my hair . I also agree with another person that said it does n't get as hot as the old ones used to . In addition , I prefer the smaller handles of the past . Please , please Revlon , fix this problem if you 're listening . It was the best product out there for my hair until this latest model came along . I will buy another one if Revlon can go back to some of the old ideas .
 It worked Ok for drying and smoothing my thin , straight hair , but not great . It blows air from the handle , not from the bristles holding the hair , The hair not wrapped around the bristles flies away because of this . It was not the best hot air brush design I have used . 30 days after purchase , the barrel broke from the handle , so now it is useless . I do not recommend this hot air brush .
 The Revlon hot air brush -LRB- RV444 -RRB- is the best styling tool I 've ever used . Somehow , it managed to give my thin , dry hair , a body and sheen it 's never had before . After it 's demise - from extreme overuse , I presume - I tried to obtain the same model , but had to settle for the RV444C , which is apparently its newer replacement . They 've added a large air vent between the barrel and the brush , which blows the hair every which way , so that it does n't wrap about the brush properly and therefore does n't create the desired curl . Being unable to locate the RV444 , I finally had to go to Helen of Troy , which manufactures those Revlon products and purchased one for twice the cost of the 444C . It 's worth it , though , to get those fantastic results !
 I have used this Revlon Hot Air styler for years , but now they have changed the style and I will never buy another one . The new one has air holes above handles which dry your hair too fast and the brushes are too soft and do not grip the hair . I am totally disappointed and saddened I can not purchase the old style and will not use Revlon stylers anymore .
 I love Dermatologica products -- except this one . The lotion is moisturizing , but I could not tolerate the smell so I returned it . I also do n't think it 's worth the money .
 The problem of ordering this type of item on Amazon is that if you do not like the scent -LRB- or for any other reason -RRB- you can not return the item . Although this is stated in the product description , it is surprising as most items from Amazon can be returned . In this case I did not notice the non-return disclosure .
 I ordered this item because I used to have this wonderful fragrance before . I love the lilly of the valley aroma but this spay is too diluted , so the fragrance does n't stay long , and the aroma is not that good quality.I am disappointed .
 Years ago I used to buy Diorissimo from France , I simply loved that perfume ... the scent would last all day ... Sadly this new Diorissimo I just bought is not at all the product I remember ... the scent will last for 1/2 hour or less ... it is not worth the money I paid for . . I would not recommend it to anyone who knows good perfume and appreciate them
 Why pay $ 15.03 when you can go to WalGreens and pay $ 10.00 and get it the same day instead of waiting for it to come in the mail . You can also look in the WalGreen Flyers and watch for the sale when it is $ 5.00 , this is what I do and buy 3-5 containers and give them as gifts for Christmas .
 I thought about buying this product for my grandma and then I did a quick search of the ingredients online and found that , `` Talc is closely related to the potent carcinogen asbestos . Talc particles have been shown to cause tumors in the ovaries and lungs of cancer victims . '' from -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I was initially pleased with the product , but made the mistake of leaving the bottle in my car on a hot day . Within a couple hours , my nice smelling white lotion turned brown and smelly . I 'm now afraid to use it and so am wasting a nearly new bottle .
 Highly ineffective . Pulled and dragged nostril and ear hairs without trimming them on both male and female hair .
 like the design detail , the adaptability , bottle holder , etc but for something that is going to get wet the material rusted within a week
 I 've been using Ciment Anti-Usure for five or six years now . I have fine , thin hair and it was the perfect conditioner for me . It made my hair soft and manageable with no flyaway static problems , even in the dead of winter . I just started using my first bottle of the new formula about a month ago , and I am not a fan . My hair looks limp and greasy , yet I have so much static going on my bangs constantly stick to my face . My natural wave is hardly noticeable with the new formula .
 This dryer has the irritating feature of automatically shutting off long before I 'm finished using it ; it can only then be turned back on a few minutes later . Perhaps it 's an inherent safety feature to prevent it from overheating , but even if so should n't it be designed to not overheat until it goes well past normal usage?Don ' t waste your money .
 This was a great little dryer ! I liked the size and the power . It literally dried my hair in like 10 minutes flat ! Well , I noticed it started to get weak . I would switch it on to high and it would sometimes sound like it was low but then switch to high by itself -LRB- I know , weird -RRB- . I did n't think anything of it . Well , today I was drying my hair and noticed the high level felt off . It was n't as powerful as it normally is . I switched it to low to see the difference and it barely made a hum noise during that setting and hardly any air was blowing out of it . When I turned it back to high , it started smoking and smelled like fire . I immediately unplugged it . I am going to throw it away . I do n't want to risk burning my house down or shocking myself . Do n't waste your money , buy a different hair dryer .
 I thought I would buy a hair dryer to use when I need to put on a helmet right after taking a shower . Bought this one locally at Walmart because I liked the moderate size and the overall design and finish quality . However , it has only two settings , one with low heat but also low fan speed and one with high heat and high fan speed . The low heat setting is a joke . Way too cold and still too fast . High setting is hot , but extremely fast , so you have to hold the dryer far away from the hair . There is a voltage selector , so you can switch it from 125V to 250V , for when you travel overseas . I thought lets put it on 250V setting and then run it in high setting at my 110V outlet , maybe by coincidence that combination could be useful . But what a joke , the 250V selector does nothing else than mechanically blocking the switch from going into the `` high '' setting . Unbelievable.I will return this dryer . I already found one from Remington which is also nice to look at , is cheap , and has separate heat and speed settings . This new Remington can do slow and hot at the same time and is quite quiet in this combination .
 This is a very cheap , flimsy dryer . Do n't waste your money , the thing will be non functional , or on it 's last legs within a couple of months .
 Shipping was crummy ; I actually HATE those services that pick up the package and a few days later turn it over to the USPS for delivery ... it 's not faster , in fact , I think it 's several days slower and you ca n't track the shipment . Actually you can track
 With all of that discount , I thought it would be a good deal ; but the high shipping cost compensated for the seemingly low price !
 I bought this hair product and the product did n't work . It would n't dispense any of the product . I returned the product for a full refund and did not buy a new one . I do not know how the product works . I am giving 1 star due to the bottle not even working .
 This KMS molding paste is just what it says -LRB- Paste or even Glue or Cement . -RRB- It is horrible . I could n't go to bed without washing it out of my hair . I was intending to send it back but decided it was n't worth spending the return postage so I recently threw it away .
 This paste was kind of thick even though you rub it in your fingers to make it smooth before you put it in your hair . It pieces and separates your hair but only use a little bit .
 have n't used it yet , but why does it have no cap ? - - ... i wo n't be able to use if for long
 I should have given more credence to the reviewer who commented that the formula for this product seems to have changed along with its name -- now KMS California . My hair is fine and thin . The old formula was great . The new stuff is sticky and heavy . I am very disappointed .
 The description says they are multiple colors . But I received 3 gray and 3 white.They did not respond to my complaint at all.Poor customer service .
 I bought this product shipped by Beautyencounter and it smells nothing like sweet temptations . I opened it and smelled awful . A company should not be allowed to sell fraud merchandise .
 I 've tried everything to get rid of the plastic smell and the only thing working is to wrap it in two plastic bags and not open them!I bought a &#34; Diane &#34; hand also and that one is fine . I wanted two to practice and can only use the one .
 I got this product in the mail yeasterday . I was so excited to open and then I saw the box . The package was very cheap . But I guess that 's what you get for $ 3.00 . The hand itself is not hard it 's rubber . I will definetly be returning this and I do n't think you should buy this .
 it only heated up for a few seconds and that was the main reason i bought it and it makes my face oily : /
 Many lists rate this as a safe sunscreen , but read the ingredients before you buy it . It contains parabens , which I definitely do n't want on my baby .
 Not sure why this product rates so high . I purchased some for a bike ride and got bad sunburns . When I called CS , they said the product does n't work with with sweat . Unfortunately sweat was n't a characteristic of this bike ride -LRB- average speed 20 + mph over the 3 days -RRB- . On a completely different issue - > there is a lot of concern of TiO2 containing products . Depending on the form of TiO2 used -LRB- rutile , anatase -RRB- , UV energy can actually be absorbed and offloading onto the skin , causing more damage . I would recommend sticking to pure ZnO2 formulations that do n't suffer from this issue -LRB- there are many , Badger , ThinkStrong ... -RRB-
 I was definitely reeled into this purchase by the low price of my favorite perfume . Unfortunately , when I received the perfume I was immediately thrown off . I 've been using Chance by Chanel for a while now and the bottle just looked slightly off . When I tried using the spray it smelled like a totally different perfume.Luckily , I got a full refund quickly and easily , which is why I gave this item 2 stars instead of 1 . You should only buy perfume from department stores or licensed vendors . Otherwise you run the risk of buying a product that is not authentic , and that may include chemicals that are bad for your skin .
 This product has turned out to be a big zero for me . In 21/2 months I have not noticed even the slightest improvement as I did with my previous product.I did n't give it one star because it has not caused any negative results , just no positive ones . A big waste of money for me . : -LRB-
 As with most skincare products there is a certain amount of patience that goes along with using the product . Usually results do n't happen overnight . So I used this product , along with the PCA Pigment Bar , for 4 months . I got absolutely zero results ; no improvement to my skin whatsoever . My melasma pigment is as dark as it was when I started . I even took photos to make sure I could evaluate before and after pics . I tried to return this product to brandnameskincare and was told that they have a 30-day return policy so I was out of luck.You know , if a product is supposed to provide immediate results then I can certainly understand the need to have a `` standard '' 30-day return policy . However , this is not a standard product . It is a beauty product that is supposed to work `` over time '' not `` over night . '' I know a lot of reviewers have had positive results with this Pigment Gel and for those suffering from melasma I encourage you to look into this product . But if you order from `` brandnameskincare '' note that you might not be able to give the product much of a chance since you 'll need to return it within 30 days if you end up needing a refund .
 THIS WAS THE WORST PRODUCT I EVER USED ... ALL THE HIGH REVIEWS LED ME TO BELIEVE THAT THIS PRODUCT WAS A HOLY GRAIL PRODUCT . NOT TRUE . IT left my face with red bumps and it looked horrible . I will stick to Dermalogica and Philosophy products . A total waste of money !!!!
 I AM AN AFRICAN AMERICAN WOMAN . I HAVE THE COMPLEXTION OF ABOUT A SHADE DARKER THAN BEYONCE THE SINGER . THIS PRODCUT LITERALLY BURNED OFF MY SKIN . MY DARK SPOTS GOT DARKER . I REPEAT DARKER . THEN WHEN I WASHED MY FACE BY THE THIRD DAY THEY PEELED OFF AND PINK FLESH APPEARED . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT FOR ETHNIC PEOPLE . NOW I HAVE TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO FIX MY SKIN FROM THIS DAMAGING PRODUCT . IF YOU REALLY WANT TO TRY THIS PRODUCT ANYWAY , GO WITH THE TRAVEL SIZE AND SAVE YOURSELF THE MONEY AS A MEANS TO TEST IT OUT . A LITTLE GOES A LONG WAY . GOOD LUCK TO ALL .
 I was shopping online and a friend suggested it to me not at all light sented very strong . Delivery was great it came in at the time that it said that it would . The only problem with this is that it smelled like old women perfume after a couple of minutes it was not that bad , but it still smelled like something that my grandmotgher would wear . Hope that this helps ...
 This mask does nothing to your skin !! Maybe it is just me , but I doubt it ! I am 28 years old and have dry skin . I will never buy this again !!!
 I was really let down by this product . The concept of it is great . The benefits of oxygen have really been pushed by skin care professionals as of late ... so this product would naturally be a hit . I 've had the Bliss Oxygen facial and it 's AMAZING . I also use their cleansing milk every day.So after my facial , I decided to give this a try . My skin often feels congested , as if it just needs to be `` aired out . '' The packaging is a great pump that seems like it 's of a high quality . The mask comes out as a peach-ish gel that quickly starts to foam up . This part is kind of cool . The sensation of all the bubbles on your skin is almost energizing itself ... but the actual results left me wondering why I spent 54 USD on this mask . I gave it a chance and tried it again a few days later ... still nothing . My skin did n't feel any smoother , nor did it look any better . Masks are intended to provide visible , if not temporary , results and this one fails .
 First off , I have had the Oxygen Facial at the BLISS SALON in Boston and this mask is NOTHING like it.The Real BLISS Salon Facial left my skin almost perfect ! It Should for about $ 150 . it was a gift.If you have a Bliss Salon in a W Hotel near you - RUN to it -LRB- only if you can afford it -RRB- I bought this mask , have tried it twice . BOTH TIMES , I broke out the next day!Call it coincidence . Tonight my skin looks nice so ... . Will try it for the 3rd time and await results for tomorrow morning.It will be in the trash if I see another breakout .
 This product is way to expensive for the quality . Too much alcohol content - does not leave your skin feeling moist .
 This product had spilled all over inside it 's bag because there was no inner lid to close it up . The smell was awful , it did not smell like roses in the least , it smelled like an old product ! I was very dissapointed .
 When the bottle arrived without its cap , I wrote immediately to the vender . They have never replied . I am using it but wish I had the cap . I will never order anything from that vender again .
 Too big for what I wanted . The light is very dim . I think in a dark room it would be great . I wanted it for travel and ca n't see lugging this thing around .
 Smells good , but it 's too clumpy . It will not sprinkle out the small holes , I have to dump a pile in my hand and go from there .
 I was optimistic this product would take care of my needs . Odor and wetness can be a problem for any guy . Having a good body powder can make a tremendous difference in anyones day.The first time I tried this product I was in shock . It has a nice light scent but that is about it . Applying the powder actually makes me feel worse . It seems as though this powder balls up and sticks to the skin . This can making walking or any body movement uncomfortable.I would not recommend this product to anyone . This powder does not do the job ...
 wanted to braid my hair to protect it from the summer sun and maintain my `` Fro '' ... this does it at a super bargain price . If you used a lotion moisturizer , you will get ringlet like curls , it you pick it , brush the hair , it is a `` Fro '' ... dyed it to match mine exactly and it maintained it 's integrity ... be careful , dying hair for weaving , is not for neophytes -LRB- LOL -RRB- ... had previously bought some hair that I did not like as much at a local vendor that was 4x as much ... not exactly what I wanted ... love this , it looks just like my hair ... THEN I WASHED IT : It was awful ... I even separated it so that I could handle it and stop any tangling ... well it did not happen ... at this point it is a `` Fro '' , but it is very difficult to handle . Spent most of the day untangling and loosing massive amounts of the hair ... make sure you buy more than you need and apply it , because when it comes time to wash it , you will loose half of it in tangles and/or just plain coming off the weft
 at first it was very pretty and curly , after about a week it got bad ! ugly no curls , it had lumps and was had to detangle .
 I was looking for an amazing nipper from the reviews i read and this is a far cry from that ! I doesnt get right up under the ingrown nail like i was expecting only the sides are easy to cut out which i can do with any ordinary nippers if the jaws are long enough !
 I have had horriblle ingrown toenails for 10 years . I 've tried so many things to try to clear them up and so far I have n't had any luck finding something that works every time . These nail clippers were no exception . First off , the package does n't even indicate that they are for ingrown toenails , all it says is `` cuticle nippers '' . Second , the blades are way too big and thick to get deep into the nail bed to clip the nail . They are so much thicker than the picture shows . You 're better off buying the 10 dollar cuticle nippers from your local drugstore . You can find much smaller ones than these . I would return them if I could . Pass on these .
 This nipper is very well made but the tips are just too pointed.You 're more likely to cause damage than to trim that ingrown toenail.The tips should be at least slightly rounded to prevent them poking into sensitive tissue.They might be better if someone else was using them on you but I 'm ado-it-myselfer .
 wanted to braid my hair to protect it from the summer sun and maintain my `` Fro '' ... this does it at a super bargain price . If you used a lotion moisturizer , you will get ringlet like curls , it you pick it , brush the hair , it is a `` Fro '' ... dyed it to match mine exactly and it maintained it 's integrity ... be careful , dying hair for weaving , is not for neophytes -LRB- LOL -RRB- ... had previously bought some hair that I did not like as much at a local vendor that was 4x as much ... not exactly what I wanted ... love this , it looks just like my hair ... THEN I WASHED IT : It was awful ... I even separated it so that I could handle it and stop any tangling ... well it did not happen ... at this point it is a `` Fro '' , but it is very difficult to handle . Spent most of the day untangling and loosing massive amounts of the hair ... make sure you buy more than you need and apply it , because when it comes time to wash it , you will loose half of it in tangles and/or just plain coming off the weft
 at first it was very pretty and curly , after about a week it got bad ! ugly no curls , it had lumps and was had to detangle .
 wanted to braid my hair to protect it from the summer sun and maintain my `` Fro '' ... this does it at a super bargain price . If you used a lotion moisturizer , you will get ringlet like curls , it you pick it , brush the hair , it is a `` Fro '' ... dyed it to match mine exactly and it maintained it 's integrity ... be careful , dying hair for weaving , is not for neophytes -LRB- LOL -RRB- ... had previously bought some hair that I did not like as much at a local vendor that was 4x as much ... not exactly what I wanted ... love this , it looks just like my hair ... THEN I WASHED IT : It was awful ... I even separated it so that I could handle it and stop any tangling ... well it did not happen ... at this point it is a `` Fro '' , but it is very difficult to handle . Spent most of the day untangling and loosing massive amounts of the hair ... make sure you buy more than you need and apply it , because when it comes time to wash it , you will loose half of it in tangles and/or just plain coming off the weft
 at first it was very pretty and curly , after about a week it got bad ! ugly no curls , it had lumps and was had to detangle .
 wanted to braid my hair to protect it from the summer sun and maintain my `` Fro '' ... this does it at a super bargain price . If you used a lotion moisturizer , you will get ringlet like curls , it you pick it , brush the hair , it is a `` Fro '' ... dyed it to match mine exactly and it maintained it 's integrity ... be careful , dying hair for weaving , is not for neophytes -LRB- LOL -RRB- ... had previously bought some hair that I did not like as much at a local vendor that was 4x as much ... not exactly what I wanted ... love this , it looks just like my hair ... THEN I WASHED IT : It was awful ... I even separated it so that I could handle it and stop any tangling ... well it did not happen ... at this point it is a `` Fro '' , but it is very difficult to handle . Spent most of the day untangling and loosing massive amounts of the hair ... make sure you buy more than you need and apply it , because when it comes time to wash it , you will loose half of it in tangles and/or just plain coming off the weft
 at first it was very pretty and curly , after about a week it got bad ! ugly no curls , it had lumps and was had to detangle .
 wanted to braid my hair to protect it from the summer sun and maintain my `` Fro '' ... this does it at a super bargain price . If you used a lotion moisturizer , you will get ringlet like curls , it you pick it , brush the hair , it is a `` Fro '' ... dyed it to match mine exactly and it maintained it 's integrity ... be careful , dying hair for weaving , is not for neophytes -LRB- LOL -RRB- ... had previously bought some hair that I did not like as much at a local vendor that was 4x as much ... not exactly what I wanted ... love this , it looks just like my hair ... THEN I WASHED IT : It was awful ... I even separated it so that I could handle it and stop any tangling ... well it did not happen ... at this point it is a `` Fro '' , but it is very difficult to handle . Spent most of the day untangling and loosing massive amounts of the hair ... make sure you buy more than you need and apply it , because when it comes time to wash it , you will loose half of it in tangles and/or just plain coming off the weft
 at first it was very pretty and curly , after about a week it got bad ! ugly no curls , it had lumps and was had to detangle .
 Paid a fortune for this thing and it stopped working after 2 uses .
 I received the item within a few days of placing the order . It was wrapped very securly and the product was what it said it would be . I was very happy with the order and my daughter loved her Christmas present .
 bought on recommendation of Dave Ramsey , not impressed with the advice , writing , or examples ... also the religious tie-ins were too frequent and out of context .
 I was very much into this book until I go to the part where the author says that spanking children is necessary at times . In my opinion physical punishment is a severe boundary violation - if it were not for that , I would rate this book higher as I like everything else he writes . Dr Cloud seems wise , genuine and caring but his words on spanking seem inconsistent with those qualities - that was a disappointing shock to me .
 I read this book a year ago and it changed my life . Finally , I understood the concept of boundaries and that it was I , not the manipulative controllers in my life -LRB- i.e. , my older sisters -RRB- who had the boundary problem . Over the past year I became Boundary Queen , hoping to build some self respect as well as the respect of others.What I built instead was an emotional prison . With my new awareness that others did not respect me , I became paralyzed by every snide comment , every perceived slight or overstepping by another person . I was completely ineffective in this new combat . Through email I had a fighting chance of communicating boundaries but in real person I was stunned . I eventually became adept at avoiding aggressive people , under the pretense that I 'd become stronger in their absence while practicing with lesser bullies . I remained a victim . My husband scoffed at the boundaries I set and I became furious over my inability to control him.I finally heard something that changed all that
 `` Boundaries '' is a book filled with ideas and practices that will lead the reader off of the road of true faith and belief in God . It violates the following four essentials of the faith
 I ran into a girl that had read this book . She loved the book strongly . I became interested because of her strong beliefs . Some things she said showed the book had not helped her in some ways.The book talks a lot about defferent kinds of boundries . The book takes a religion viewpoint on everything . It also tries to cover everything . There are few ideas that are not covered in the first part of the book . The author also wrote 4 or five other books on the same theme.How much subtance is in the book ? Well , maybe a page or two . Why did I give it such a high rating of two stars in place of one star?I did like some points the book made . He won me with the story '' of a wall around your house or a fence with a gate that would open and close '' . I probably did not get enough out of the book there were only a few points and you had to hunt to find them . I may have skimmed too much.There are probably much better books to get but I do not have a suggestion .
 IMHO , there is no reason whatsoever - and it muddies the water - to drizzle religious beliefs and scriptures over psychological advice . Anyone looking for a better read , try `` Boundaries in Human Relationships , How to Be Separate and Connected '' by Anne Linden . THAT is a clear and helpful book about psychological boundaries and how to maintain them in a healthy constructive way .
 Product received was not the one advertised and/or pictured . The book that was received was an old version with the same title . Disappointed .
 I picked up the book Boundaries to help address needs in the life of a friend ; I had heard the book promoted by a prominent Christian talk show host . While there are a few good points in the book , the good is grossly outweighed by the bad . The underlying reasoning of the authors is flawed by a faulty view of God
 When this book was recommended to me , by my coach , I did not realize the level of references to Jesus and the Bible.If the main ideas in the book could be summarized without all the `` quotes '' , I 'd buy that book in a second . However , it is a challenge to read around the religion.I am currently looking for other sources of information on Boundaries that do not frame in a religious context . There are non-Christains who need help with Boundaries too .
 As society changes , rules which define proper relationships among people change as well , often leaving us confused about how to maintain our own selfhood while allowing others to do the same . People who have unclear understandings of boundary rules are likely to end up as exploiters of other people , or be exploited by others . The importance of boundaries first became clear in twelve-step programs , where people with various addictions seemed to mess up most of the relationships in which they were involved.The concept of boundaries is a powerful and useful one , but is difficult to understand for people with boundary problems . There is a small but growing clinical and literature dealing with boundaries for emotions and behaviors , and some of the most insightful are `` The Dance of Intimacy '' and `` The Dance of Anger '' , by Harriet Lerner . To be able to do good boundary work involves important issues such as fairness and justice , clarity in personal identity , and the attainment of maturity . Thus , I continue to look for insightful and balanced treatments of the boundary concept to use in my teaching , church work , and in my personal life.As a committed Christian , I was excited to find a faith-based series of books that have accompanying materials for work with church groups . I should have looked more closely at the Amazon.com materials , and at the customer reviews . I guess all the gold stars got in my eyes , but I want to post a warning for customers who come to the study of human relationships without the assumptions and commitments that accompany conservative Christianity.The Cloud and Townsend books are more about promoting a particular view of Christian faith , but not very helpful in extending our knowledge of boundaries beyond the simplicities found in other sources . In fact , the authors give almost no credit for the sources of their ideas . The strength of these books , and presumably their videos , is in providing vivid illustrations that Christian conservatives and Christian counselors will relate to . But books like `` Boundaries '' are not for everyone , and this book 's emphasis on Biblical TRUTH detracts from and sometimes distorts our attempts to understand boundaries objectively .
 When my ex-wife got this book she asked me , `` What do you think of this book '' ? I told her I have seen it cause a divorce and a church split . She read it anyway . Now I can tell you that I have seen it cause two divorces and a church split .
 Many of the ideas expressed in this book , oversimplify the dynamic of human interaction -LRB- `` When to say yes , and when to say no '' -RRB- , are often not biblical , tend to trivialize the importance of compassion for others , tend to down play the role of The Holy Spirit , and prayer in our day-to-day interaction with others , and seek primarily to protect , and control the interest of self -LRB- `` Take control of your life '' -RRB- . It turns Max Lucudo 's book , `` It 's Not About Me '' , upside down -LRB- `` It 's All About Me '' -RRB- . This book is considered by some to be psycho-heretical , i.e. , a bit of psychology mixed with a bit of scripture -LRB- often cited out of context , in support of its own psychological premises -RRB- . This is a self-help book that seems to place more emphasis on looking inward , rather than looking upward , and looking to the defects of others , instead of the beauty of others . The concept of responsibility distribution in relationships is valid , but not packaged in the form of buzz-word psychology -LRB- Boundaries -RRB- that encourages a seemingly arbitrary deliniation of intimacy , and involvement in the human experience .
 I like this book the least of all self help books I have read -LRB- 20 + meaningful titles I did n't identify with the case studies or the spiritual guidance offered . The counselor who recommended the book to me had the same kind of `` Christian Psychology '' where mental issues were sins and used bible quotes along with some medical ones.The tone felt accusatory , lumping me the reader , with the worst attributes of boundary problems . Boundaries and Relationships by Charles Whitfield is a much better book on this subject , and it also addresses spirituality but in a gentle , healing tone .
 The premise of this book was a good one and that is why I downloaded it but it seemed as I read it I felt as if I were in a constant and never ending church sermon . I am a person of very strong faith and really was turned off by the constant references to the Bible . If I wanted to read a collection of sermons I would reread my Bible and not have some one do it for me.The book should be listed under a catagory of religious books and not one to help you discover and control your boundaries . After about 100 pages , I stopped reading and removed the book from my device because I was feeling so annoyed with the sermonizing and lack of any really in depth study of the title subject Boundaries . If I had know that this book could have been returned I would have done that in a heartbeat but was not aware of the return policy until it was too late .
 i am not a christian and would not have bought the book knowing it was a `` biblical view of boundaries '' pg . 26one might say that it is my fault for not finding that out but i think that should be in the title or something .
 I work as a case manager for homeless families , and we bought this book for work to let some of our clients figure out some of their unhealthy life patterns . I decided to read it as well , because I do n't like recommending something to someone without knowing what I 'm giving them.This book has some extremely valid points about interacting with other people in healthy ways . But the more I read the book , the more this one recurring issue ticked me off
 I knew that this book was written from a Christian perspective , and although I am not a theist , I can usually look beyond that to the substance . Case in point
 It was evident to me in the opening chapter that this book would not be successful in making the case for improving relationships by setting `` boundaries '' . Although it succeeds in overusing the term `` boundary '' , it fails at improving relationships.The most critical chapter of the book , on Boundaries and God -LRB- Chapt . 13 -RRB- , should have been the crux of the entire book . God is the author of relationships , thus He is the authority on how to improve our relationships . This chapter should have clearly and concisely presented the Gospel message of how a Holy God restores humanity to himself by atoning our sins for His Son 's blood on the cross . Only after restoration of our relationship to God , may we even have a hope at healthy relationships with others.Not only should the book have opened with this chapter , it completely loses credibility by omitting the most crucial part of our existence - we are all sinners , who sinned against a Holy God . It states `` the main reason loving God and our neighbor is difficult is because of boundary problems - problems of responsibility '' . Completely false!In an effort to maintain continuity in their excessive use of `` boundarylessness '' , the authors irresponsibly infer that we have difficulty loving God and others simply because we do n't know or exercise our boundaries ; thus removing sin out of the picture . The Bible is explicitly clear that we can not nor ever will be able to love God or one another because God is love and the source of love . Through sin we are separated from Him until we are reconciled through repentance and trust in Jesus ' atoning blood.The authors say `` But at the same time , -LSB- God -RSB- does not rescue us ; he wants us to work it out for our own good '' . The Bible says `` For by grace are you saved through faith ; and that not of yourselves . It is the gift of God . Not of works , lest any man should boast '' -LRB- Ephesians 2:8 -9 -RRB- . Without the presence of God 's Holy Spirit , there is no power , let alone desire innately in any of us to love God or one another . The Holy Spirit is a gift to the believer after salvation . There is no mention throughout this entire book of the ministry of the Holy Spirit . Scripture tells us no one does good . No , not one -LRB- Romans 3:10 -RRB- . Apart from Christ , we do not have the capacity to `` change for our own good and -LSB- God 's -RSB- glory . Our deeds are but filthy rags to Him -LRB- Isaiah 64:6 -RRB- . On a positive note , the story about Jerry , the adulterer , involved confession and repentance . The Bible tells us these kinds of gestures honor God and lead to restoration of relationship with Him . Repentance must also be followed up with trust in Jesus Christ . Unfortunately , the authors cram this authentic example into a `` boundary '' box.Another major failure is that the authors absolutely neglect God 's holiness . They boil his character down to just another human relationship . This is a distorted view of how great God is and how significant a relationship with Him is . He is the Creator and is worthy to be revered as such . He is not our pal who simply desires us to hang with him every once in a while.The authors state that `` The basic problem in human relationship is that of freedom '' . Wrong ! The Bible tells us the basic problem in any relationship is sin . Adam did not fall from fellowship with God because of freedom . The Fall occurred because of sin . That 's theology 101 . In the last section of the chapter , the authors give us their opinions of what they think the gospel is , but never proclaim the Gospel message as told by the Scriptures . In 302 pages , they manage to support their nauseating premise on how defining boundaries will improve our relationships , and never once present the Good News . All Christians are instructed to share the Good News where ever we go . True change in any relationship begins with the Good News of Jesus Christ dying to save sinners . Apart from Christ we have no life at all . We are walking dead men .
 This book is a psychology textbook with some bible verses plugged into it . Pyschology sometimes parallels the Bible , but many times takes a very humanistic turn . These Christian authors did not or would not discern the difference . The basic ideas of knowing your limits are good , especially if you have grown up not understanding the blessing and gift of boundaries in your life . They consistently suggest drawing lines in your life and expecting people to respect them , but they never come out and say that God has to define where your need to draw the lines and then more times than not you have to let Him defend them . By not clarifying this , the reader is left with a void that is filled with whatever they feel like the boundary should be . There are times when God will ask you to do something that you do n't think you have the strength , time and/or money to do , but you do it because your Savior is asking you to and He will provide the resources . It would have been so much more helpful to today 's church if instead of writing 300 pages of psychology definitions with some scripture , they would have written 25 pages on basic , biblical priorities -LRB- i.e. knowing what has eternal value -RRB- , hearing the voice of God , and understanding fear of man verses fear of God -LRB- i.e. caring what God says about the situation verses what people are thinking or saying about you -RRB- . One last thought , they suggest a support group or therapist to help with a `` boundaryless '' life ; I have found that having Jesus Christ do his simple work of convicting , forgiving , healing and then strengthening is far more effective then even years of professional counseling .
 The content of this CD is great but the quality of the reader makes it very difficult to follow . I do not recommend the CD . I bought this as a gift for my mom after reading the book which was excellent . She likes to listen to books when she is working in the kitchen , however if there is any background noise in the kitchen at all -LRB- which there always is - dishes , running water , TV in the next room , etc. -RRB- then it is impossible to hear the reader consistently . His voice varies in volume and tone way too much .
 OkBook was in new condition but old book did n't look any thing like present day issues as for the cover and such
 This book is not a good read my friend is leaving her husband because of it instead of fixing the problems in there relationship which honestly are very few she has set up `` boundaries '' from the relationship and has decided to get a lawyer instead . I hate this book !!!
 Unfortunately , many Evangelical Christians fall prey to the latest fad of this uncritical sub-culture . The latest fad is defining boundaries . While there may be some helpful ideas here , many are based on plain misapplications of biblical texts . Basically , you can make the bible say anything you want and this is what the authors have done . And in the hands of the misinformed or the self-righteous or the arm-chair therapist , the material here can be used as a legitimate grounds to abuse people psychologically and spiritually .
 When you put up boundaries you not only keep people out but you keep yourself in as well . The ultimate trial of ones faith is to open the walls and deal with the hard , hurtful problems of relationships with remembering how God would have wanted you to deal with hard situations . With patience , love , prayer for guidance , and remembering the goodness each person posseses , try to focus on turning the problems into a good relationship . With so many people in counseling professionally , what is the ultimate reason people go and what is the ultimate goal of the counselor ? It is to break down walls betweeen relationships , to teach kindness to one another and consideration . This book ultimately points to selecting boundaries around your life . Wow how easy that makes situations . But be careful what you wish for . Because the fulfillment of happiness is not in creating barriers and boundaries , but lifting them out of the way . The successful entrepreneur takes cant 's and turns them into can dos . The successful Christian leaves boundaries down and barriers open for growth in their life experiences , good or bad , and growth in their spiritual walk with God because it is through challenges of your faith that make you a stronger individual not boundaries . Example
 I expected more the book was just ok
 Just read a few pages from the book on this site.Good info on the subject . Disturbed by the statement in the boundaries for children chapter that says it is OK OK spank a four yr . old . Then in the next line he is quoting the bible.Confused.I will not order this book .
 Have not read yet -LRB- hence only 1 star -RRB- , but will . But Amazon reviewer , Gail Hudson , warns of `` overly rigid boundaries -LRB- to the point of being righteous and judgmental -RRB- '' . Hudson seems to assume that being `` righteous '' is be avoided . But Christians are called to righteousness and continual growth to more righteous behavior.It is self-righteousness we must avoid , just as we are to avoid being judgemental . We must not avoid judging . Only the ignorant say `` you must not judge me . `` Jesus warns about judgmentalism but plainly teaches us how to judge
 What a dreadful book . I had no idea when I bought it that it would be so clogged and bogged down with relgious rubbish . I ended up ripping one page out of it which was useful and throwing the rest of the book away . It 's unusual for me to ` trash ' a book . If you can get past the religious garbage - there were some good ideas in there but very simplistic . It is short on actual practical help and could have done with more ways to actually realign boundaries .
 I ordered this item and NEVER received it !! I ordered it for my bro . who is going through a TERRIBLE divorce . I am VERY UNHAPPY !!! I have ordered through Amazon before and never had problems . What happened ????
 This book was highly recommended to me by a female in-law who later turned out to be an appalling control freak with zero respect for others ' boundaries.She ruthlessly used the material in the book as a weapon to invade and disrespect others.I 'm afraid that kind of thing is all too common in the self help world . People who think they are `` too kind , too giving '' are often nothing of the kind . People who feel they are weak are often tyrants.People who feel their boundaries are too weak often run all over others in reality.The individual I referred to above is still choosing all her daughter 's clothes at almost 15 years old . For some reason the daughter finds this infuriating.As for the actual material in the book I found it shallow and vacuous.If someone recommends this book , run - do not walk - to a safer place .
 This book was not the kind of information I was looking to read . Therefore , it did not meet my need or hold my interest .
 From the online description and brief outline , this book looked like an excellent resource for teaching mentally ill individuals the skills to set boundaries . Unfortunately , it is full of Christian teaching/references . I can not teach this in a diverse and secular clinic . I feel betrayed , somehow . Perhaps I can scan it and edit out the biblical agenda .
 Great content - as someone dealing with the topic personally , the reader 's voice characterization and assumption of the tone of the authors gives the message a tone that seems mocking and insulting to me . I ca n't imagine the authors intended this . I strongly recommend reading the book , though , and soaking in a new way of looking at life !
 I thought I was ordering the latest version of this book , but I received a previous edition . I plan to teach a class using the latest version , so I will need to purchase another copy .
 I bought this book thinking it would help me with my two emotionally abusive parents . While this book does give insight to setting boundaries with everyday regular family issues , it gives nothing in reference to the fact of those who are in severe , abusive , controlling and manipulative relationships with parents who may be bipolar and personality disorders . There was only one paragraph section out of the whole book where it referenced to setting boundaries with emotionally abusive spouses , but I would have liked the author to go into more detail about extrememly abusive parents . I found `` Healing the Child Within '' by Charles Whitfield more helpful .
 Biblical quotes and elementary school writing did not meet my adult expectations for discussing boundaries .
 I realized this is a book for Christians and it 's theories are based on the bible when I picked up two copies for me and my mother to read . We both struggle with healthy boundaries in the workplace and at home . She is a devout catholic and I am an agnostic . I thought it was very interesting how we both ended up hating this book . Using the myth of creation , the story of Adam and Eve , to justify why we take on too much as individuals is asinine . We live in a society that pushes us to be perfect . Even my mother felt that the book was base , silly , and misleading , using biblical quotes loosely and taking many things out of context . The bible is the ONLY book referenced throughout the entire text . In a literate society , you 'd think the authors would realize Christians read more than just the bible . With all of the popular literature on social science , health and psychology , they could use something other than an ancient text of myths , legends , and poetry to guide individuals who are struggling with REAL PROBLEMS and REAL RELATIONSHIPS in the REAL WORLD . Instead they rely on the power of old words like `` sin '' , `` evil '' , `` Satan '' , and dangerous notion that boundary issues are a `` Christian '' problem , and thus should be solved strictly in a `` Christian '' form and fashion .
 This book really focuses on the dilemma of being a christian and having good boundaries which is fine if that is the cause for your dilemma . There are many other causes of boundary issues that this book does not address or help you resolve .
 This is not the first book about this subject that I 've tackled . The concept is good , and timely for our culture and our lack of boundaries . Too many references to the Bible for my taste .
 good information . too much bible talk . wish they would stick to the boundaries message and not refer to the passage and verse of the bible . . perhaps give bible reference at the end of each cd .
 This is psychology over Biblical substance . Poor theology and Scriptural interpretation abound . A topical book - study often takes some `` bird walks '' on context , but Dr 's . Cloud and Townsend stray far off the course here . This book is absent of any teaching on Grace , empowerment of the Holy Spirit , and I 'll agree with another reviewer , it is heresy in it 's evaluation of Jesus ' example . Using the Bible as a justification to `` hurt '' but not `` harm '' friends or family does n't really sound like any part of the Beatitudes - because it 's not ! This is a psychology book , not a Bible study book . Read `` Grace Awakening '' by Chuck Swindoll or `` Why Grace Changes Everything '' by Chuck Smith for a better look at God 's real power for daily living .
 The subtitle says it all
 This book is a terrible disappointment to me . The very valuable messages within it are obfusticated with Biblical quotes and references in almost every line . Sometimes it does not even say what the Bible says - just gives a Book , chapter & verse , making it necessary to flip back and forth from your bible to this book in order to understand it . It is very difficult to understand what it is saying because the Bible verses get in the way . It seems to be written for someone who needs ammunition to fire back at a Bible thunper who is overstepping your personal boundaries.The content of the book would be wonderful if is were untangled from the Biblical references . After reading a chapter , I feel as though I have been fending off a religious prosetylizer at my doorstep - and that person would also have been overstepping my boundaries !
 In spite of the glowing reviews I 've read , personal investigation and review showed that though `` Boundaries '' contains many specific Bible verses as prooftext of the author 's assertions , I could n't help but realise how far off the authors interpretation of the references were from what even the most obvious Biblical text conveyed . Their references are too frequently partial and far removed from context , even misquoting some phrases . The authors are irresponsible in their mis-application of Bible text references . If Jesus is God , -LRB- and no historical or archaeological discovery has ever proven that he was not -RRB- then the claims he made were real , his death and resurrection meant what he said it meant , and the ` born again ' Christian should be a shining example of grace and forgiveness , open to God 's leading and direction and free from the rigid , graceless and legalistic `` Boundary '' standards Cloud and Townsend promote . His life and death demonstrate that Jesus provides a far better example of love , grace , correction and restoration for relationships than what ` boundaries ' endorses . I suggest holding steadfast with Jesus ' example , getting to know him better by prayer and reading the Bible . Plainly , be done with this ` Boundaries ' before you begin .
 I have read this book years ago and saw the spiritual holes that are all the way through it . Every time I had a problem in my marriage I had heaps of do-gooders telling me to set boundaries , and in the end it broke up my marriage . Thankfully in that break up I was isolated from all of the ` boundaries ' people and learnt to read my Bible , about submission , about sacrifice , about obedience and about how God says we are to treat those who misuse us.I literally know hundreds of people who have read this book and the only people I know who truly love it are always people who are controlling themselves , and the book is written in such a way that everyone is the victim . Inevitably these people come away without ever repenting of their own bad behaviour but with a strengthened resolve to set more boundaries -LRB- which really means they feel empowered to be controlling of others but call it ` boundaries ' -RRB- My advice would be to read the counsel of scripture and work out your own salvation with fear and trembling . Jesus sent us here to serve , not be served . Ask God whether you perhaps like the feeling of power that ` boundaries ' would give you , and whether perhaps you are already overbearing and need to learn to be less selfish , not more.Many , many people these days already are very well versed in saying `` no '' and how to look after their own rights , after all you are number 1 , the most important person in the world and you deserve it ! Of course I am being sarcastic , but just think about whether that is the way you approach your family , they are the enemy , trying to encroach your precious ` boundaries . Oh Please , spare me ! Whatever happened to Jesus saying that if someone asks for your coat , give them your tunic also , if someone slaps you , to turn the other cheek , maybe Jesus should have read ` Boundaries ` Like I said , read your BIBLE and do n't let these men be your teachers when scripture witnesses against their principles .
 When I ordered this book I was led to believe it was based on the science of mental health . What I found was that it was a book on Christian values , Bible verses , and virtual preaching . Instead of sound psychological protocol I was given Bible classes . I am not anti-Christian , or anti-religion , but I do n't expect to buy a book on psychology only to find it is about two men 's religious values . I returned this book .
 I am shocked and annoyed to hear that this book is more about the bs of god and the bible than the real life problem of boundaries.I am so over the religious rubbish , it has nothing to do with the real world . i am a realist and believe that religion does more harm than good.i want my money back , this book should be clearly marked as christian and not self help !!!
 When I heard that my small group was doing Boundaries , I was excited since I had read the book and liked it . Unfortunately , the DVD does n't measure up . It basically gives little skits to start off the discussions , but the skits do n't seem to have much to do with the content of the book or even the discussion questions in the Participant Guide . Moreover , the acting is pretty bad , and the `` plots '' are slow and predictable . In fact , half way through , we stopped playing the video because so many people stopped coming ! I 'd suggest skipping this one .
 As someone who is not a Christian I found this book to be basically incomprehensible . All of the concepts are couched in biblical quotes or Christian theology , and as a non-believer I could not glean from it general principles that would seem to apply to me . Without a thorough grounding in the Bible I think that this book just does n't make sense . I would not recommend this book to a broad population , as it assumes that one 's motivation for modifying behavior is based on the teachings of Christianity and interpretations of the Bible . I quite frankly did n't * understand * most of it and could not untangle many useful concepts from in between the numerous Bible quotes . I would not classify this as a work of psychology or a self-help book outside of a Christian context .
 I thought I would like this book after having skimmed parts of it online , so I bought a copy , and I was prepared to give it a four or five star rating.After having read the entire thing , though , I found myself turned off by aspects of it , which is why I 've given it two stars.Until the last year , I 'm someone who has always had problems with erecting or maintaining boundaries -LRB- an issue which is also known as `` codependency '' or `` people pleasing '' -RRB- . I do agree with some of the concepts in the book.I think it 's important that people , especially Christians -LRB- as Christians seem more susceptible to having poor boundaries than other types of people -RRB- need to be informed that this problem exists , and that it 's acceptable to engage in self defense and to say `` no '' to other people.I do think the authors perform a valuable service when they explain throughout the book that some Bible verses -LRB- the ones about selfishness , serving others , etc. -RRB- are often misquoted or improperly taught , resulting in many codependent Christians being kept on the codependency treadmill.On a minor note , one thing that bothered me about this book is that it was rather wordy and repetitive -LRB- yes , I realize my review of the book is wordy too -RRB- . I think the authors could have cut out about one third to one fourth of the material and still made their point.I think a far better book regarding the issue of boundaries and codependency is `` No More Christian Nice Girl
 There was scant information available online about Urth Face Balm . I was hoping for the best - i.e. , something not full of oxybenzone . Unfortunately , this is n't it . For the price , I was hoping for better . Yes , it smells quite nice and has a good consistency , but for this price I expected something that had fewer chemical ingredients than an $ 8 tube of Neutrogena .
 We ordered this product and when it came it appeared old . More like something you would buy at the `` dollar store '' vs Amazon . My wife has trouble finding the product so did not want to return it . If it would have been my decision , it would be in the mail and returned . Whoever Amazon ordered this from should be off Amazon 's list of approved distributors . Very disappointed !!!
 If your Black american or happen to have the same texture this is only a high price gel , doest the same thing the dollar store gel do ... it DOES get hard and it DOES flake ... it holds but ... for 20 bucks ... its not worth it .
 Just do n't buy this item . It 's tiny , and your shipping is about the same as the product . You can get a 1 oz bottle for 20 on the street or department store . I should have known .
 I am not satisfied at all , after charging me for the purchase and send me a notification of the estimated date of arrival , you send me an email informing me that the product was not available . This is very unprofessional
 Based on the reviews I thought this would be a great product . It creates a very unnatural line and it clumps like old mascara . It 's garbage ! I 'm going back to my cheap beauty store pencils .
 It 's too soft , so the product smears when you apply it . And if you freeze the brow product it then becomes to crumbly to apply to the brow . It 's the devil to sharpen , too . I 'm sorry I wasted my money on this product .
 I love this product because my eyebrows stay on despite repeated face-wipings at the gym . BUT ... the manufacturer needs to put it in a mechanical twist dispenser , not as a pencil that needs to be sharpened . Why ? Because most of the product ends up as a gooey blob in the innards of your pencil sharpener . I 've tried a razor , a little sharp knife , and THREE different size sharpeners , all to no avail . I finally just now threw the -LRB- expletive omitted -RRB- thing away , which pained me deeply because the stuff inside the pencil is so fabulous.If anybody knows a foolproof way to sharpen this pencil , please share . There 's a dear .
 The product does style the hair , but it does n't hold the style long . Once the hold wears off it leaves a thick film on the hair that is hard to get out . The smell could use some definite improvement as well .
 Worthless . Did n't do anything at all for fingernails . Bad , especially for very dry nails . Smells good , but a pure waste of money . I 'm still hoping to find a product for dry , brittle nails .
 With all the great reviews , I thought once again I would try something to help my nails grow . I applied the cream 3 to 4 times a day . I even took my polish off , hoping that would help . My nails are now more of a mess than when I started . I am truly disappointed .
 I bought this because my nails were weak and splitting . This jar did absolutely nothing and was a waste of money ! Go to Sally 's Beauty Supply and get Hoof and Nail Cuticle . Works much better and less expensive - 3.00 for a jar >
 I tried this for several months and it did not do much to strengthen my nails . I switched to Sally Hansen Nail Serum and saw improvement within a week.On the plus side this is a nice feeling cream and the jar lasts a really long time . It just did n't work for me .
 How I used to love this cream ! It was very thick and a little dab would go a long way . It used to be incredibly moisturizing and a small jar would last forever . My most recent purchase was in May 2011 and boy has this changed ! I have an old jar and a new jar - both LOOK identical from the outside , same size , same writing , same everything . Inside , the difference is night and day . The old stuff is soooo much better . It has a unique smell because it contains lanolin . The new jar has no smell whatsoever . The cream is very very thin and does not moisturize well at all . I have to use 3x the amount of the new cream to get barely any effect . I am so disappointed that they changed the formula . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GARBAGE ! For what it is NOW , the price is simply OUTRAGEOUS ! I could by a drugstore cream for 1/3 of the price and get the same or better results . SHAME ON YOU , BARIELLE !
 This stuff WORKS - SO WELL . I was given some as a gift and I love it . However , it is functionally the same asMane 'n Tail Hoofmaker Hand & Nail Therapy , where you will get 6 oz for $ 3.29 . That 's right - six times as much product for a quarter of the price . It works just as well - if not better - it smells better , and it gives you that same awesome feeling on your hands.Don ' t waste your money on this stuff : - \
 i was very disappointed ... the box was faded and looked as though it had been in water ... colors were all faded ... . box was not sealed ... . looked as though someone had returned it ... . i almost sent it back ... . however i did write to you ... . Elinor Goodman
 I received a used and dirty brush . I emailed the company who advised they would send me a package for returning that item , and I have not received that yet either !
 I had ordered this product because it said it was microfiber and I was looking for a good micorfiber towel to dry my hair with . When I used it , it did not dry my hair any better then a regular towel . I do not feel they were worth the price . Also if you have long hair , this towel is not large enough .
 I have long thick curly hair . This towel does not make my hair dry faster . I need two of these towels , because they are very thin , and the first towel becomes saturated after a few minutes , so I have to use a second towel . One normal thicker cotton towel does the job . This towel is also not quite large enough to make a good turban . It creates a ton of static in the dryer with my cotton towels . My hair is not any less frizzy . I tried the `` plunking '' method and that did not improve my curls and made my bangs go wierd . So save your money . This is an overpriced synthetic towel . Maybe good for your gym bag if you have short or thin hair .
 Do nopt buy . Bristles missing . Company thatI purchased the item through Amazon will not respond .
 I do n't know what all the hype is about . I did n't really like this shampoo . It does n't lather at all , so it does n't feel like it 's doing it 's job . No impressed at all .
 This sponge initially starts out hard as a rock . You would have to soak this sponge for awhile before you can get it soft enough to rub on your child . I first tested this out on myself , and found that my hands felt really dry , like the oils had been removed from my hands . I 'm not sure that I would recommend using this on children .
 On December 27th 2005 I ordered some carnation soaps fromCaswell Massey . Three weeks later they wrote saying itwas out of stock and on back order . In April I wroteto request a refund and I have never gotten any responsefrom them . No refund , no soap , no letter.Buy your special soap from a company that CARES aboutcustomers .
 I got this for my mom to color her hair . Her head and arms swelled up massively after using just a little of it . I thought this would be gentle natural alternative to ammonia/peroxide based hair color products . Beware taking this !!!
 This is a very dangerous product in which all women should stay away from ! My 16 year old sister had a severe allergic reaction to it . It left her with HUGE red sores all over her head in addition to badly swollen lymph nodes throughout her head and neck ! The sores were incredibly itchy and irritating ... not to mention the stiffness and pain in her neck was unbearable ! My family was so afraid ! If you go to folica.com - you will see endless reviews from women describing their horrific nightmare experiences with this dye ! The 1st ingredient is SODIUM PERBORATE - which is a highly oxidative chemical typically used in laundry detergent and bleaching products ! I ca n't say for sure what specifically caused the reaction but after reading folica 's reviews - its clear it had something to do with one if not all the ingredients ! Can I also mention -LRB- which should serve as a red flag -RRB- that the actual company HOYU International that makes/manufactures this dye does n't even sell or profile it on their website !! This product does not deserve any star - by any measure ... and if I could give it NO STARS - I WOULD ! Fortunately -LRB- by the grace of God -RRB- ... my sister did not have to go to the emergency room and was able to treat the reaction with natural remedies ! Take massive amounts of vitamin C people ... this will help speed your recovery & healing in the event you are affected -LRB- my sister is taking up to 10 grams/day ... trust me your body can handle it ... use a powder instead of capsules ... u can get it from any vitaminshoppe ! -RRB- When my sis realized what was going on - I washed out her hair immediately !! I used black soap -LRB- because it strips residue from hair very well -RRB- and then covered her whole head in a natural volcanic clay called Zeolite . The zeolite helped to neutralize the chemicals from the dye . Thank God she is feeling better !! Her lymph nodes are going down!So again ... if you do n't want to look like you were attacked by a gang of killer bees ... STAY AWAY FROM THIS DAMN PRODUCT ! This was my sister 's 1st time using Bigen , as well as a powdered dye . She has used many regular dyes and/or rinses before ... so we all know the culprit here ! ** I 'M GOING TO REPORT THIS COMPANY FOR THEIR POOR PRACTICES AND FOR PUSHING A LOW-QUALITY PRODUCT LIKE THIS ON THE MARKET ! ** BEWARE LADIES ... DO N'T RISK YOUR HEALTH !
 BEAWARE ! I have been dying my hair for decades and never had a problem . I decided to switch to bigen because the thought of `` chemical free '' appealed to me . I had relied on amazon reviews so I decided to go with it . -LRB- PLEASE google '' Bigen reviews '' the very first one have pages of allergic reactions . -RRB- 1 day after - my face and neck started hiving , then I lost my peripheral vision , my eye started to swollen and my eye was starting to shut tight as my scalp burned and itch . For the first time , I went to ER . Im now on Prednisone , pepcid and benadryl with an eye patch .
 I remember Bigen from what my parents used in the 80 's . My mom found that she was hyperallergic to the substance used in Bigen & switched to other hair dyes - made her break out into rashes & had massive hair fall . Use at your own risk !
 there is a similar brand at sally 's that works well , However this one in particular does not stay on your head . It moves around under the wig cap .
 The picture showed me a perfume bottle -- what I got was a mini rollette & jar of cream.The seller tells me I was supposed to read the description , not assume that what I saw was what I 'd get !!!!
 I had such high hopes . Read some really great reviews and know them to produce great stuff . Friends of mine love their products.This smell awful and it 's still sitting in the package.Sending it back .
 I was excited to try this shampoo hoping it would help my highlights stay bright & last longer . Unfortunately this shampoo & conditioner has literally turned my blonde highlights silver/grey . Sometimes my hair even looks purple . My husband even told me that my hair looks weird & grey . Another drawback to this shampoo/conditioner is that the purple gets everywhere & stains if you do n't wash it . It goes all over our shower & makes a mess . I would n't buy again .
 I agree with a previous reviewer , this product may have worked as described but I could not get over the horrible chemical smell that wo n't go away ! I tried to ignore it but at the end of the day I had to wash my hair numerous times to get the smell out .
 The conditioning was okay , but the smell repulsed me ! I would prefer something that either has no scent , or something fresh and appealing ... instead of smelling so much like other common hair chemicals . Sorry , Revlon , but I used it once and threw away almost the whole bottle . I 'll keep looking for one that suits me better .
 I ordered both the Shimmer Lighys shampoo and conditioner on the recommendation of my stylist . Neither my husband nor I can stand the fragrance of either product , and the conditioner leaves my rather short hair tangled . I 've had to resort to using one of those post-shampoo `` no more tangles '' type products which , even when I had hair that reached halfway down my back , I never had to use before . I will not buy these products again , and am off on another search for hair product made especially for gray hair .
 I love this brand 's shampoo . I use the shampoo to cool my high lights . The conditioner is a big disappointment because it does n't really condition . I add a little to my regular conditioner to cool the high lights but it is ineffective when it comes to moisturizing and smoothing hair .
 The yellow stayed yellow & my hair turned purple . I 've seen/heard really good things about this shampoo . Must work differently for different people . It did n't take away the yellow/brassy color either , just added purple .
 As far as a conditioner this is just ok , not a bad one , not a great one . The smell though is AWFUL . It smells like old lady perfume x100 . I used it only once at night and the following morning washed my hair with a different shampoo ... I can still smell the horrible scent , buyer beware .
 I purchased this trying to make my blonde highlights a little brighter . Well after one use it turned them purple !!!! I could n't believe it ! The purple washed out after a few washes with another shampoo I use , but I will NEVER use this again .
 After using this product for one week it turned my silver hair a bluish-purple color . I should have been suspicious when I saw the color of the conditioner was purple . No where in the advertisement or promotion of this product does it state `` use will turn your hair a bluish-purple color '' . I remember when this was a fad with older women years ago . Obviously Clairol still has a lot of shampoo and conditioner left from those days they want to get rid of . If you have blonde or silver hair , beware ! I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 Horrid . My hair was more tangled than ever and showed no signs of having been conditioned .
 I GOT THIS AND TELL YOU THE HONEST FACT . IN THE SOME AREA 'S IT TURNED MY HAIR PURPLE . . iT MAKES IT MORE ORANGY !! Get the nice in easy light ash blonde and you will loose yellow-orange-brassy color go away for good . . I did !! I am shocked how that hair color works . Made my hair soft too . you will thank me if you do this . . We all want to be blonde not a lemon head right !! or oh my your hair is orange . . I will never use anything else diffrent . great beautiful blonde !!!! good luck all .
 I got this specificaly to use with my jar , not bottle , of lotion . Unfortunately each time I dip my fingers into the jar it pushes it down until the jar falls out through the bottom . Poor design ! Completely useless unless 8 oz . bottle is used .
 This was advertised as it came with the bottle , it did not , but the packing slip said the color will be changing and no bottle will be included . Kind of late . I would not buy from bebeautiful again . I would send it back but they will not pay for the shipping even though what I received was not what was advertised .
 I love the idea , and except for one problem , it would be perfect . The problem is the length of the belt . It is only for toothpicks . If you have extra weight on your body , especially in the abdominal area , do not buy this product .
 I think the product we received was expired or something . It did n't cost enough to hassle with sending it back , but the `` lotion '' came out like a nasty liquid . We threw it away . Horrible gift .
 TOOK WAY TOO LONG TO RECEIVE AND STILL HAVE NOT .2 WEEKS LATER . I am done shopping with 3rd party persons . 2 weeks and still have not received Wish I could cancel.The product is amazing and does work well to rid the skin of dead skin cells and improve radiance . Each time I use everyone asks what I am using . The machine is still quite expensive but also worth the money .
 Does n't work at all . Finally , once I needed to use it & discovered it was a huge waste of money , it was to late to return .
 After they changed the formula for this lipstick , it has a distinct sweet taste to it . It is just no good anymore . Too bad , it was a great lipstick
 was suppossed to be a gel , but , the product was very runny and made a mess , also the smell is pretty pungent .
 The title pretty much says it all . I threw the entire tube out . On the plus side , the smell was nice .
 It really doesnt feel like a real scrub . . where are them ? It feels like a regular face cleanser not a scrub ! Also I hate the fact that has fragrance ! Pro products come with no fragrance just check lab series or dermalogica , this products really work .
 Skip it . This eyeliner went on like a dream , but fizzled rather quickly . Shortly after application , my girlfriend informed me that it was sogging down my face . Not good when going for all out glam.If you are looking for a great glitter liner , I recommend Urban Decay Heavy Metal . It 's a few bucks more , but worth it . It will stay put until you take it off . For loose glitter I highly recommend the Pop collection which includes a rainbow of shades for under thirty dollars or Urban Apothecary Glitterazzi which comes in an amazing variety of off-beat shades in a huge sifter pot for five bucks a pop . Go glam with glitter gals ...
 This product `` shipped and sold by Amazon '' is not the same as the original . This one has an unpleasant smell to it . Its not aweful , but its not pleasant and definitely not something you 'd want to smell all day . The odor is strong too , lasting long after I washed it off . Funny thing is that I just finished a bottle of the same exact lotion that I had bought from Sprouts -LRB- health foods store -RRB- and that `` original '' one was great . No smell , unlike this one I got from Amazon . So its not the actual product , just these ones being sold by Amazon . When I checked the label details and tiny print , the main difference is that my `` good '' bottle from Sprouts was developed and distributed by the lotion maker Eidon . However , the bottle from Amazon has a different company listed as the one who develops and distributes it . Looks like they have quality control problem . I was also skeptical of the other `` smells bad '' review on here as I had used the brand before and really liked it , until I tried the one from Amazon at which point I knew there was something wrong with this batch from the alternate manufacturing company .
 I was excited to find a natural skin moisturizing lotion with MSM & Silica though I did not order this item through Amazon . It has the most repulsive burnt smell that I have ever encountered and there is no way to use this product without feeling ill , especially if you are smell sensitive . I additionally purchased the Eidon California Gold Sunblock ... same disgusting smell ! They both have extracts of Hops which may be the offending smell culprit .
 These are very well made shears - but they arrived dull , and were unable to cut hair . After an additional 6 $ sharpening they do work fine .
 Professional in name only the Hot Tools 1177 died after 6 months of very little use -LRB- 2 or 3 times a week on one person only -RRB- . Save your money and get something that you wo n't have to replace in a few months .
 I got this after using a HAI flat iron , which I loved but it burned out when I tried to use it overseas . My split ends are worst and my hair gets stuck in the plates . I 'm very disappointed in this item and it was recommended to me at the store .
 I have used hot tools in the past and loved them . When my last flat iron broke , hot tools was the brand i wanted . I got this one thinking that the quality of hot tools was great no matter the price , WRONG ! This flat iron did not do a good job at all . I have very thick hair , so this one might work for someone with thinner hair . It just did not get hot enough is what i think was the problem . I ended up getting a $ 50 Con Air product from KMART and it worked wonders .
 As I paid $ 20 I really cant complain - but if you are looking for a realy great flat iron , this is not it .
 I bought this item from a local beauty supply store . I had several problems w / the flat iron . First , my hair is fairly long , and when I would slide the hair along the plate , hairs would get caught between the plate and the plastic that held the plate , breaking the hairs . It did n't matter how big or small the section of hair was , some would get caught.Second , the iron completely stopped working after about six months . It was if the `` on '' switch stopped working . Setting the appliance to `` on '' did n't cause the power light to come on , and the appliance did n't heat up . I sent the appliance back to Helen of Troy , only for them to tell me they did n't have a replacement model in stock , and they could n't tell me when they * would * have on in stock . They did n't tell me this until 4 weeks after I sent them the item for replacement.Long story short , save your money , buy a different appliance !
 My hair gets stuck in the plates . I thought it was how I was using it but I see others have had the same issue . I prefer my smaller iron by Revlon .
 It worked well , but the handle cracked near the change shortly after it was out of warranty .
 I bought this iron for fifty dollars and really liked it . It came with a year warranty - but I never sent it in , nor did I keep the reciept because
 I have used hot tools many times in the past , including their flat irons . However , this particular one does not clamp down tightly on your hair - I have to clamp it , and then with my other hand close it tightly , and then run it through my hair . It is annoying and adds time to my hair styling . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I bought this expecting it to work nicely , but no . It does n't straighten a thing . Barely even heats up . I am now going through the process of having to return it and get my money back . It was a huge waste of time and money . Do n't waste either .
 I initially liked this product until it broke a week after I purchased it . One side would not heat up so I sent it back to Amazon for a replacement . Amazon was great and sent a replacement immediately . I received the second one and it broke about a month after I recieved it . Same problem . One side would not heat up . Amazon 's warranty was up so off it went to the Manufacturer . Surprise , surprise . ITEM NOT IN STOCK AND BACKORDERED . They could not get me a delivery date . I am now requesting a REFUND !
 This item was working great until just a few days ago . I only just bought it in December , 2005 , and already it is broken . One of the sides no longer heats up ! This is the second item from this brand I 've had bad luck with .
 All that infrarred crap , and the healthy and silky hair is just a lie , the purple coat you see in there starts chipping off after 3 months of buying it , the iron starts overheating and after several months your hair looks like trash , I bought it as a gift and it was very embarrasing for me ...
 I was not impressed by this deep conditioner at all - especially for the price . I would not purchase again .
 I bought this product because my She Laq was discontinued , an excellent product BTW , and bought this product . It smears my eye liner , it gets in my eyes , and it even causes my mascara to fail ! Do not buy this product !
 This is a great product for REMOVING make-up . I tried this and it did nothing but make my finished make-up oily and with one touch it was completely gone from my face . Awful . Back it goes .
 This crap is like rubbing baby oil on your eyes . My favorite eye sealer was discontinued so I ordered this . Big mistake . Dont waste your money . I have no idea how this product was even put on the market .
 This gave my post laser surgery skin a very matte finish but really did not tone down redness in any noticeable way . It makes my skin appear dull .
 The iron does not get very hot and it does not grip the hair tightly . Also , it would have helped if there was a clip to use for the curling iron .
 the flat iron keeps shutting off all the time so it takes a really long time to do my hair : -LRB-
 I 'm really on the fence about this product . It came within a few days but it just came in a regular old brown box ... so I believe it 's a total knock off . The first week it worked great after I do n't no wtf happen . Long story short I ended up buying another CHI .
 i have thick italian curly hair , and i bought the 2 '' iron . it worked well for the first few months then i noticed it would just make my hair frazzled and poofy . plus i notcied that the gold plating is scraping off ! i wasnt sure if it being off would damage my hair or not , so i tossed it and bought a solia . this product is good if you like wasting money on a straightener that will crap out in a year , if not , trash it !
 I had this product for a while , and i ca n't use it anymore because the `` ceramic '' gold plating is fading off . This flat iron serves the purpose of straightening your hair , but after using my friend 's FHI ceramic flat iron , my hair looked like I came from the salon . It would be better to save up your money and buy a REAL ceramic flat iron . . which is what I 'm doing now .
 This flat iron leaves my hair dry and dull looking . I would not order again , shop around first . The size of the plates are large however it does n't do a good job on my black thick relaxed hair . I would not recommend .
 I did n't like this item , I going to go back to either the Chi or the Amika . I have natural hair I tried this flat iron using the same hair products that I used with my Chi , it did n't get my hair straight enough ... and I do not have course hair . My hair also kept getting stuck in between the plate and plastic which caused it to break off .
 I thought that the person that reviewed the straightening comb was being tough but this comb is the worst . It 's far too bulky to be functional , it pulled out my hair . I thought I 'd be able to use it between relaxers but it was really a waste of money .
 I purchased this to straighten my daughter 's hair . It barely gets hot enough to straighten soft fine hair , and it is difficult to get straight hair because adjustable design and bulkiness prevents the comb from getting close to the hair . Poorly designed product . Terrible for straightening ends of hair .
 The comb attachment has 3 adjustable set of teeth.I could n't figure out what the adjustments were meant to achieve , except make the product bulky . Hard to get to hair roots . Also there 's a tag on the cord that indicates that it contained lead ! It advises to wash your hands after handling . Needless to say I got rid of it right away !!
 I really was disappointed with this product . It did not do what it claims to do , it was very hard to figure out and never got hot enough to straighten my hair . A normal flat iron works a heck of alot better then this comb which I would of thought it would of been less time to do and quicker to straighten . Very Very disappointed
 This is a great product for someone who does n't have coarse hair such as myself . I felt that the product could have been much hotter than it was . Overall , its good to use when you need something to get you by until you hit the salon .
 The design of the comb is awkward . Though the idea is good in theory , the fact that the comb adjusts is actually a negative feature and not the positive that you would think it would be . It snags and pulls out more strands of hair as a result . Because I was pleased with other products by this company , I was eager to try this one , but I have been left disappointed . It is less than mediocre .
 The combs are too far spread apart and although it 's `` adjustable '' , the black button you have to hold down does not lock the adjustment in so it wavers as you do your hair . I would not purchase this product again because I am an African American woman and this comb does not work well for me , as I need to get concentrated heat down close to my scalp .
 The comb is VERY HOT as you attempt to comb your hair . I do n't recommend it at all .
 This type of straightening comb just does n't do it for me like the old fashion straightening comb . I understand that the ceramic straightening comb is better on your hair but it just does n't get the job done like the old fashion straightening comb .
 the only thing that is good about this item ... . is that it makes your hair dry , NOT STRAIGHT !!! my natural hair is curly and kind of puffy -LRB- well i think it is puffy my friends dont -RRB- . So when i use this `` straightner '' it just dry 's my hair for me and then i have to use my regular straightner .
 I recently purchased this Ceramic Flat Iron and it is very poorly designed . After plugging it in , you have to reach inside the handle to engage the ON button ... an unsafe location to say the least . Next , you have to push five outer buttons to set the heat element to the highest level . And finally , when closed , the ceramic plates are not flush , so they do not close completely to straighten one 's hair . It is also very heavy and cumbersome to use .
 This was a gift for my daughter , but it quit during the middle of the first use . Now it does n't heat up at all . The on/off switch is in a very unusual position making it hard to reach if it were to be hot . I also found it difficult to contact the company about this product . I 'm VERY disappointed .
 I found this item to be equal to the Conair curling iron you can buy in a drug store for less money .
 I know that i am at an FPO address so that makes it more difficult to send and receive parcels but , to have never gotten the parcel is unsatisfactory . i never got the item that you wish me to make a review on . Send it to me and I will gladly use it and then review it .
 VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS PRODUCT . ONE OF THE WORST IRONS I HAVE EVER PURCHASED , AND WAS A HAIRDRESSER FOR YEARS .
 I 've owned 1 '' and 3/4 '' Gold 'N Hot curling irons for years . Quite literally , I 've had the same irons for over 10 years , with no problems , excellent heat up time , and great temperature settings . Even though the design of the iron has changed , I expected the same quality I 'd become accustomed to.What happened ? This iron is a mystery to me . It almost 3x the size of my 1 '' , does n't nearly heat up as well , and instead of the `` 1-10 '' settings with a separate off switch , it has temperatures ! What is that about ? I can put my old curling irons - and my current Maxius flat iron - on 5 or 6 depending on my hair day and I 'm fine . This thing I had to crank up to 400 degrees - which is the maximum setting - to get the same heat AND because the barrel measures about 61/2 '' in diameter -LRB- I had to take out my tape measure as it clearly appears larger than 2 '' -RRB- , I 'm getting a bend , not a curl , and my hair is down to the middle of my back , so I do have the length for an iron this size even at 6 '' . My biggest disappointment is that I took for granted that because of its name , it would do what I wanted , so I ripped the box up and can not send it back for a refund . What a bummer . The only up side is that it will straighten small sections of hair at a time -LRB- which is too time consuming for me as my hair is also thick -RRB- and is good for lifting the roots on certain styles ... which is the only thing I will really be able to use this for since I use my Maxius irons for all my straightening needs.However , the point was to get a CURLING iron , not a flat or straightening iron . HELLO ! The name should imply what I 'm buying !!! I have to admit
 I just purchased this iron . The one I got only lasted 20-30 minutes and then it stop working . It will not heat up . I contacted Amazon and they are sending out a new one . I will change my rating if the new one works well . We will see ! I hope it works ! I am a little disappointed .
 Really disappointed in this product . I have been a Gold N Hot user for many years -- love their products so I was looking forward to receiving this curling iron . I was looking for a good curling iron that offers some protection from the harsh heat of a regular curling iron . What I got was an iron that Does Not Curl ! The temp settings allow you to go up to 400 + but no matter what the temp , this iron does not curl my hair . Granted , my hair is thick but unlike the other Gold N Hot curling irons , it barely makes a dent . Guess I 'll continue to use my old standby Hot N Gold irons . My advice -- Do n't buy unless you have very thin hair .
 I just purchased this iron . The one I got only lasted 20-30 minutes and then it stop working . It will not heat up . I contacted Amazon and they are sending out a new one . I will change my rating if the new one works well . We will see ! I hope it works ! I am a little disappointed .
 Really disappointed in this product . I have been a Gold N Hot user for many years -- love their products so I was looking forward to receiving this curling iron . I was looking for a good curling iron that offers some protection from the harsh heat of a regular curling iron . What I got was an iron that Does Not Curl ! The temp settings allow you to go up to 400 + but no matter what the temp , this iron does not curl my hair . Granted , my hair is thick but unlike the other Gold N Hot curling irons , it barely makes a dent . Guess I 'll continue to use my old standby Hot N Gold irons . My advice -- Do n't buy unless you have very thin hair .
 VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS PRODUCT . ONE OF THE WORST IRONS I HAVE EVER PURCHASED , AND WAS A HAIRDRESSER FOR YEARS .
 I 've owned 1 '' and 3/4 '' Gold 'N Hot curling irons for years . Quite literally , I 've had the same irons for over 10 years , with no problems , excellent heat up time , and great temperature settings . Even though the design of the iron has changed , I expected the same quality I 'd become accustomed to.What happened ? This iron is a mystery to me . It almost 3x the size of my 1 '' , does n't nearly heat up as well , and instead of the `` 1-10 '' settings with a separate off switch , it has temperatures ! What is that about ? I can put my old curling irons - and my current Maxius flat iron - on 5 or 6 depending on my hair day and I 'm fine . This thing I had to crank up to 400 degrees - which is the maximum setting - to get the same heat AND because the barrel measures about 61/2 '' in diameter -LRB- I had to take out my tape measure as it clearly appears larger than 2 '' -RRB- , I 'm getting a bend , not a curl , and my hair is down to the middle of my back , so I do have the length for an iron this size even at 6 '' . My biggest disappointment is that I took for granted that because of its name , it would do what I wanted , so I ripped the box up and can not send it back for a refund . What a bummer . The only up side is that it will straighten small sections of hair at a time -LRB- which is too time consuming for me as my hair is also thick -RRB- and is good for lifting the roots on certain styles ... which is the only thing I will really be able to use this for since I use my Maxius irons for all my straightening needs.However , the point was to get a CURLING iron , not a flat or straightening iron . HELLO ! The name should imply what I 'm buying !!! I have to admit
 I found this item to be equal to the Conair curling iron you can buy in a drug store for less money .
 I know that i am at an FPO address so that makes it more difficult to send and receive parcels but , to have never gotten the parcel is unsatisfactory . i never got the item that you wish me to make a review on . Send it to me and I will gladly use it and then review it .
 Bottle was almost empty when received ! I love the color and quality , but there was harldy any left in bottle when I received , so I assume it was a used bottle !
 I bought this color because black is now one of the new hot colors . But this black is dull and ugly . I made a mistake with this color
 Totally hate it . In the bottle , it looks like a fun fuchsia with blue and pink micro glitter , but in reality , it dries unattractively matte , shows EVERY brush stroke , and the glitter -LRB- which is barely visible -RRB- resembles little pebbly specks . A huge disappointment since it looked so nice in the bottle . I managed to salvage the manicure by hiding it under a glittery top coat , but I think this is ultimately going into the swap pile . I still love China Glaze , I just do n't consider this to be one of their successes .
 I purchased TUT from Sally 's yesterday and gave myself a mani-pedi in the evening , the color is fantastic , like other neons it dries matte , which is easily fixed by applying a top coat -LRB- something I 'd usually do anyway , alongside a basecoat , to ensure it lasts longer -RRB- . However , I woke up this morning , noticed it was already a little chipped , took a shower and afterwards noticed that some of the polish was missing entirely from some nails , and on the rest of the others it was more than half gone , despite the fact that I used both base and top coats and three coats of the polish -LRB- it 's rather streaky , but if it would have lasted longer , I 'd be more than happy to put up with that because the color really is great -RRB- . I really do want to be able to wear this , but I 'll likely just have to find a similar color from a different brand , I would n't repurchase .
 I use China Glaze whenever I go to salons and get professional manicures/pedicures . I also have purchased China Glaze at a much higher price tag from upscale cosmetic stores and salons . Needless to say , I have a pretty good idea of how wonderful a nail polish China Glaze is.China GLAZE is supposed to come out SHINY -LRB- hence the name -RRB- . This garbage looks like I colored my nail with a highlighter . Besides the fact that the color I purchased -LRB- Pool Party -RRB- looked NOTHING like the color it 's supposed to be , I had to put on THREE coats of the nail color and TWO coats of top coat to make it look like normal nail polish.I keep reading people 's reviews saying you have to use lots of coats/the color looks flat . REAL china glaze DOES NOT do this !! I guess you get what you pay for ... I should have spent the extra $ 5 and purchased the real thing at a store .
 I was expecting a coral/tangerine color but ended up with a BLAZE FlORESCENT orange . Not happy . Plus it took about ten coats , I am not exaggerating , just to get decent coverage on my nails . I 'm not sure if the polish was `` watered '' down but I expected more from the China Glaze brand .
 This color is VERY sheer , after about 5 coats you will finally get an opaque color and then it peels off in about a day . Definitely avoid this nail polish .
 cute cute cute right ? but it seriously takes 3-4 coats to get the color on your fingernail and then after going over it that many times its really streaky . its very watery and not thick at all causing uneven application and like i said streaking . I used this for a manicure once and i ended up having to wipe it all off and use a different color because it looked horrible .
 like a crayola very thick and chalk like finish . It looks good from far but far frome good needs several layers to even look halfway descent . maby it 'll look better on you buy and try it but dont say I did n't tell you so . -LRB- :
 I had to do multiple coats -LRB- more than 2 -RRB- for getting a solid color w/o streaking . But the problem is when you layer so thick it still looks horrible at the end :-LRB- Too bad . I had high hopes because this color is gorgeous .
 I wrote a review on this polish yesterday but I had to change it after I actually applied it on my nails . The consistency on this polish it TERRIBLE ! What in the world ?? And China Glaze is my favorite brand . In fact I 'm almost convinced that this was a bootleg China Glaze because it 's THAT BAD . I left the FIRST COAT on my nails for 10mins and it smeared !! I 've never had a China Glaze polish that took more than 5mins to dry completely . This is just ridiculous . I ca n't even keep the polish on unless I 'm expected to sit in my chair still , not doing anything for an hour or something.I 'll still say this , the shipping was prompt and fast . I 'm not blaming this on the seller because maybe it 's the company that really messed up on this one but if anyone else happens to get this color at the store or from another seller , please let me know how it worked for you ! Because no lie , I do n't even know if I can use this polish at all . It wo n't stay on .
 Maybe I got a `` bad '' batch of this nail polish , but what I received is much greener than `` Tiffany Blue '' .
 The color is nice , But it comes off so easily , For me I like the polish to stay on good at least two days before rubbing off or chipping . . This just does n't last
 I still love china Glaze polish but this is hideous . It 's sheer frosty pink on it 's own - over clear basecoat or natural nails ... BUT It 's totally purple ... if you paint it over any other color , no matter how light or dark - it paints over solid/opaque . I thought from the sheerness of the polish in the bottle and the way it is on = screen , it would be a topcoat look with kind of rainbow of colors depending on the light or reflection . BUT it paints over as a frosty purple/lavender . I even tried it over Zoya Verushka which is a matte velvet dark forest green on it 's own . Frosty purple , no hint of forest green-same with paint over candy cane red , dark burgundy , over pale pink or super bright pink , over Audrey Blue , Recycle Grey-you get frosty purple ! . You can tell there 's a dark color underneath but just barely , and certainly no forest green or any other specific color . On it 's own , it 's a frosty pink that looks like it could be a topcoat and changes color but not in a good way because it 's all rainbows of pink , pink , pink-nothing else , no rainbow . On everything else it just obstructs and ruins any decent color you have on your nails by making it purple . It 's just awful.They really missed the mark on this one - the least they could do is tell you what color the polish is . I 'm really fed up with looking at a gazillion web sites to try and find out what one nail color is supposed to be so I can buy it from the manufacturer or a seller on Amazon . Why ca n't the sellers give us a clue ? Obviously the trendy thing to do is name your polish something fun or funky or crazy that has little to do with the actual color , and then the manufact . gives descriptions -LRB- and sellers -RRB- that are stupid , like `` if you 're a such-and such person ... '' `` If you like fast cars ... '' WHAT ? How about `` If you like bright pink glittery polish '' after all , we are buying POLISH!How about telling us if it 's a metallic , a frost , a cream , is it opaque or sheer , or , let 's see WHAT COLOR IS IT !!!! I know ... do n't buy it online ! Here 's the thing - first of all , everyone buys online these days so that 's no excuse . Second , because of my illness , I ca n't get out much , hardly ever , so I depend on online to get pretty much everything . I appreciate that I can finally get polish online but since the prices are typically ridiculous , and get more pricey all the time , and then the shipping cost is inexcusable in most cases , and then add to that the more and more stringent return policies that make it not worth returning , and the least they could do is give a three word description.Name Sheer or Opaque Metallic/Frost/Creme / Glitter Color or Color FamilyI mean they have to tell us on the bottle what the ingredients are but nobody has to tell us what color it is when you put it on your nails?And then so-called Nail Polish/Beauty Supply stores online do n't tell us anything , while making it impossible to return anything . Your only hope is that someone somewhere bought it and has the time and energy to write a review that tells you about the actual polish , not just the brand or the seller.Kudos to ZOYA and Art Of Beauty for being the one and only manufacturer/site who tells you exactly what you are getting from the polish on their website . Shame on any seller online who sells Zoya and is too lazy to copy the information about the colors of polish when they sell it on Amazon.Sorry for raging against the polish companies and online sellers but NOBODY should waste $ 5 - $ 15 a bottle on what could be purple , red , pink , brown , who knows what color - you just have to hope your screen is close to the color and if you hate metallic or frost or creme , you can cross your fingers and hope it is n't the one kind you hate , and if you need opaque , you can hope it is n't sheer , but good luck on that one too.Ultimately , it 's my own fault for buying a color called `` Rainbow '' that looked like a sheer topcoat that is a wierd sheer pink frost on it 's own and lavender frost that is opaque with one coat if you paint it on ANY color.I hope this helps all of you who do n't want to waste money on a pink frost/purple frost polish when you are looking for a cool topcoat to give a different finish to your other polish , or are looking for an interesting sheer polish that is n't just clear , but changes colors in the light . And I hope it helps anyone looking for a sheer pink Frost polish / or Lavender Frost opaque topcoat and ca n't find it ... here it is , no thanks to anyone in the business .
 This is my first time using any China Glaze product , and I have to say that I 'm disappointed . I read so many rave reviews about China Glaze , and the fact that they add clay as a hardener seems appealing -LRB- I 'm a busy house-wife who tends to chip her polish -RRB- . However , I think the clay addition might be its downfall . This stuff is thick , goopy , and takes FOREVER to dry . 3 hours after application , and I could still leave an impression on the surface of my nails . Not good ! The polish also went on rather streaky . I was n't able to test out how hard or long-lasting the product is , because I had to use nail polish remover before it even fully dried -LRB- 4 hours after application -RRB- . For those interested , I did use a base & -LRB- fast drying -RRB- top coat . i could literally feel the polish squishing around in between base & top coat , so I knew it was not dry . Big pain in the ass . China Glaze has let me down . Perhaps not all color formulas are as difficult as the Re-fresh Mint .
 got it done at a salon added two more layers and unless you dont shower or wash your hand or do anything then maybe it will last . n dont waste you time with harderners it did not work on this polish n and with a clear coat . color looked nice then 3hours later into doing things around the house like cook and wash hands lol it all cracked off in pieces
 The color of this nail polish is breath taking in person . I find myself actually staring serenely at my nails just mesmerized by the color . However , this nail polish Turned up Turquoise is the absolute worst for chipping that I have ever used . I used a base coat -LRB- China Glaze -RRB- AND a top coat -LRB- Sally Hansen Insta-Dri -RRB- and within 1 hours , I suffered chipping on almost all my nails . In all fairness , I am a cashier and I work 8 and a half hours a day . But I have never had a nail polish fail on me after 1 hour . I am not ready to give up quite yet , because I am so in love with the color . Maybe next time I will use 2 coats of top coat . This is not a good nail polish for long term wear . Also as a side note
 I love China Glaze 's nail polishes but this one is terrible . I bought it because it is a very unique color and thought it would look great for summer . It took 5 coats for it to actually be seen on my nails but it was still extremely streaky . It also looked very dry and matte even after applying a top coat . I immediatley took it off and threw it away . It 's horrible . Do not waste you money .
 This color is true to the picture and is very neon . It is very attractive if you like neon and I have received many compliments on it however it takes at least 15 coats . No kidding . It is very thin so it does not even look or feel caked on after that many coats . You can actually apply a new coat to your first hand just as soon as you finish your second hand , that 's how quickly this dries but I would not use this nail polish if you want to do your nails quickly . After putting this nail polish on with 10 + coats on , my nails still needed more coats of polish , I did n't want to mess with it so I just put on black crackle the next day and it looked very nice . It does dry matte so do n't forget your topcoat and I like to put on a base coat as well as neons have a tendency to chip . I do n't think I would buy this again just because it takes so many coats . If my rating were based solely on the color , I would give Celtic Sun a 5 .
 I was looking for the classic Tiffany blue color , when I got it , it was way darker than what it looked like on the internet . Its not a horrible nail polish but it was n't what I wanted .
 I was so excited about this color of polish . I was looking for a bright , fun summer color and this is a beautiful shade . However , to even get the color close to what it looks like on the bottle , you need at least 3 coats . And even with a good topcoat , it only lasted less than 2 days before it was peeling off so badly I had to remove it . It 's a shame because I love china glaze polish and I was really hoping for this color to be my summer go-to , but I think I 'll keep looking . Oh and this color is matte when applied so make sure if you decide to give it a try that you have a shiny topcoat handy , without it , it 's not flattering .
 I ca n't even describe the consistency of this polish . It 's thick and runny at the same time . In some places it goes on too thick and in others you can see through it . It takes FOREVER to dry , even with only one thin coat . I painted my nails several hours before bed and when I woke up there were sheet marks all over and there were dents on every nail . I ended up taking it off because it just felt thick and sticky even 24 hours later . I only even got one coat on ! I tried to like it because I love the color , but I hope I can find something similar elsewhere .
 This is no good at all . Streaks and uneven paint . As much as I tried to make this look good it would just not do it . I have been doing my own nails for years so I know a good product . It 's is cheap , poorly made nail polish . It makes your nails look like you painted them with pink chalk . Do not buy this .
 I first saw this product in a salon and it was more of a mauve shade . So when I ordered it on the internet I just assumed the shade on the computer screen was just one of those `` difficult to do it justice '' situations . When it arrived it was orange . That 's a problem for me . I will never order nail polish again online .
 I 've purchased 8 China Glaze nail lacquers over the past month from a local Sally Beauty Supply , figuring all the ` hype ' I hear about them has got to be true
 This has got to be the cheapest nail polish I have ever bought ... not in the good sense . I love the color , but the texture of just the polish is very weird and started chipping the next day . Even with two coats . Definitely apply a top and bottom clear coat to get the best staying power . Not like OPI where you do n't need them . Probably wo n't be buying any more China Glaze polish . Only OPI for this girl ! Giving it two stars just because I LOVE the color , which makes me sad it chips so fast .
 This product is advertised as a no peel nail polish . I dont know if the bottle i got was defective or something , but I have never had a polish that peeled more . Also it never seemed to fully set and seemed quite soft . It did not survive the night and I had to go back to my favorite brand OPI in the morning .
 I normally love China Glaze nail polish but the one i received was terrible . It 's thin and watery and wont go on well at all . I think it may have been more to do with the seller filling a half empty used bottle with remover to make it seem full . I am very disappointed with my purchase .
 This is a good nail polish , but it does n't show very much . It is kind of clear . I have to put 3 layers for it to show . but it 's a nice color
 Got this for the fact it was neon , not opaque enough , did n't like it ... very speedy fast shipping though , very weird formula too
 The Iconic Frostbite is all over the nail blogs as the `` it '' color . . frosty high luster medium blue with fire within.Well . . I do n't know why but this bottle I got from here was dark . . more like a slightly shimmery navy . Not pretty on my olive skin . I was expecting the color in the blogs . . a vibrant beautiful light Royal blue . . instead . . it is quite dark . . with a slight shimmer if you put your hand in the sun ... just looks like Navy cream polish ... I do n't know if the formula is different . . I do n't know if this is a second ? I do n't know if the blogs lie ... but you know mailing it back would just cost more than the whole thing is worth.I guess . . if you are looking for the Iconic Blue in the Blogs . . try buying in person and try on ... Just looked too dark . . and was totally not what I expected . . very sad ...
 Nail polish is not very good . Good color , but does n't come out clearly . Brush is too thin and shows strokes on nails . Requires MANY coats on your finger to become opaque . Not the best from china glaze .
 Within an hour my nail polish was chipped off on all nails -LRB- I 'll be removing it tomorrow -RRB- and I was just doing things around the house ... reading , watching tv , walking the dogs , nothing to cause the polish to chip off . I used a base , two coats of this turquoise polish and then a shiny top coat because the polish is an ugly dull color without it . It 's a beautiful color WITH a top coat , more green than turquoise , but unfortunately it 's terrible quality and does not stay on the nails !
 I 'm not sure if this is authentic China Glaze or not , but I definitely do NOT thing it is authentic . I highly doubt that authentic China Glaze would look like you colored your nails with a hi-lighter . Not to mention that it chipped off within an hour after I painted them . Definitely wo n't be buying again , ever . And if I did , it would have to be from an actual store so I would know it is authentic . I think I 'll stick with OPI .
 So I needed a good white polish after my last one was out , and I did n't want to pay $ 10 for a good one , so I thought China Glaze was a good alternative . It was horrible . It took 3-4 coats of polish before it looked even remotely opaque and non-streaky , and the brush was so so at best . I love China Glaze , but a lot of their nail polishes differ in quality like the houses at Hogwarts . This is one of their worst formulas , and I am incredibly disappointed.However , the shipping was fast , and the packaging was solid .
 It has zero shine and takes at least 3 coats to look OK . Then you would need a top coat . I threw mine away .
 I never usually pay over $ 2 for a bottle of nail polish since I generally just use it on my young daughter who likes to change her nail color often . I purchased this at a store for about $ 6 and am sorry that I did . It may be a $ 6 bottle of nail polish , but I have $ 2 bottles of nail polish that 's better than this . You have to apply multiple coats to get the full color of this silver polish ... And even after you 've done that , it chips very easily . I only gave it 1 star because I had to ... Its a waste of money , IMO .
 I LOVE the color of Flip Flop Fantasy -LRB- neon orangey-pink -RRB- . Unfortunately the nail polish is really watery , goes on streaky -LRB- needs 3 coats of color -RRB- , dries with a matte finish , and chips within 2-3 days , even with top and bottom coats . I tried it once on my toes and once on my hands and I had the same experience both times . As much as I love the color , I doubt I will try it again - not worth the effort because it does n't last .
 Make sure you know the real color prior to buying the product . It 's a really nice neon and you need a top coat to make it shine . However , the color chipped within a day even with a top coat on . I 'd rather just buy a different brand that holds up longer .
 I do absolutely LOVE this color ... but I found out the hard way that China Glaze chip SUPER fast . I guess I will stick to OPI !
 I do absolutely LOVE this color ... but I found out the hard way that China Glaze chip SUPER fast . I guess I will stick to OPI !
 For those of you that may not know the color flip flip fantasy it is a coral/pink neon it is nothing like the color shown in the pic which is very misleading . I also dislike the fact that I waited a month for my package to arrive ! How ever I do love the polish it 's self and it goes on smoothly , drys easily and is matte ,2 coats are needed and a shiny clear on top .
 I had had my hair dyed in a salon a dark auburn about a month ago , and they told me despite the fact that auburn is my natural color , the red would fade out and leave the brown there . I tried # 31 because it was a beautiful shade of red that i wanted to bring back into my hair that had faded out , and it looks like it literally just washed right out . My hair barely has any red in it , if anything it looks like a darker brown . And this is n't the first time I used box color , so it 's not like I did n't know what I was doing . Disappointed and wo n't be using Revlon again . Going back to using l'oreal or garnier , which have actually come out to the color they said they 'd be when I 've used them in the past .
 I just colored my light brown hair with this ... carefully made sure it was evenly distributed , etc. . I waited 25 minutes -LRB- probably a little longer -RRB- and washed it out , eagerly anticipating a head of coppery hair like on the box . Was I disappointed . You ca n't even tell that I colored my hair . It seems to have lightened it a half shade , other than that , NO RED/ORANGE color AT ALL . So angry . What a waste of time and money .
 Revlon Colorsilk , Permanent hair colorBrown Black and Dark Brown -LRB- + -RRB- Ammonia Free -LRB- + -RRB- Inexpensive -LRB- + -RRB- Nice looking colors -LRB- + -RRB- Not tested on animals -LRB- - -RRB- Not much conditioner included -LRB- - -RRB- Cheap gloves -LRB- - -RRB- Lots of toxic chemicalsThis was pretty good for the price . And ammonia free means it does n't smell too terrible . The conditioner is good , but you only get enough for one or two treatments . My hair would dry out when I used average conditioner , so buying a good quality conditioner is necessary . Also be careful with the gloves . They are thin and have seams that tear easily . Once I had 2 of my fingernails dyed black . I started using the dark brown color , but switched to brown black -LRB- which is pretty much just black -RRB- , to go darker . Sometimes the dye did n't take as evenly as I would like , but that seems to be common with do-it-yourself box dyes . It 's nice that Revlon is a cruelty-free company . Most of the major labels are not -LRB- like L'oreal & Clairol -RRB- and test their products on animals . I would have recommended this product in the past , but I 've been researching product ingredients lately using the Skin Deep Cosmetic Safety Database & the ingredients for this are not the greatest . Colorsilk is rated a 9-HIGH hazard on a scale of 0-10 . This may work alright , but there are too many toxic chemicals for me to buy again . One ingredient is even listed as a `` possible mutagen '' -LRB- P-Aminophenol -RRB- . Other common toxic dye ingredients are
 This product states that it will take your hair , no matter how dark , to blonde , without any brassiness , which is not true . My hair was a dark brown and it turned out orange .
 I am asian and my hair is naturally black and i 've been using this brand from the Philippines and it works . but somehow , when i tried the US brand , it did n't work on me . maybe the problem is this color or asian hairs are thicker than american .
 I followed the directions exactly . I figured it may be a little darker than the picture because my hair is dark brown . BUT my hair is NOT burgundy . It is more of a brown with a red cast . And not a pretty red cast either . I got it a LOT cheaper in a store . That is the only compliment I can give it . It is cheap and colours iike it is cheap . I will NEVER ever ever use this brand again . Or this color.I do n't recommend this color or this brand frankly . If I had wanted brown hair I would have bought brown dye .
 I strongly discourage anyone from using this terrible product . I purchased this product for my naturally medium brown hair that is perhaps 5 % gray , and deeply regret using it . The product was very drying and damaging , even after a week of daily deep conditioning with my own conditioner -LRB- the included conditioner is a single use pouch . -RRB- More importantly , the color fades rapidly . I purchased this because I was tired of how quickly the semi-permanent 28-day dyes fade , but this is worse ! Although the initial result was a beautiful rich brown just as pictured , the gray faded back to gray in one week and the brown faded to an ugly brassy color in 2 weeks . Unfortunately , the brassy color has not faded back to my original . The Clairol semi-permanent dye lasts longer without damaging hair and fades back to the original color not this brassy color .
 My hair was pretty light , and I put this on wanting the wonderful color on the box and swatch . NO !! It came out an ugly flat darkish brown , not even an appealing brown color , and I followed the directions 100 % as directed by the pamphlet that came with the color . There was zero , and I mean ZERO hint of any color in this other than brown .
 I even left this product in for 35 minutes and it only slightly lightened my dark hair . I was hesitant to use it because of the health hazards and the dryness I felt in the sample lock of hair I dyed ; had it not been a gift , I would not have used it -LRB- did it for courtesy -RRB- . The conditioner is wonderful , my hair feels great -- but the color does n't come close to measuring up to the model 's hair .
 Horrible hair dye . My hair color is naturally dark / hazel brown , I wanted to add some red-ish golden brown accents to it and achieve the effect displayed in the description . When I dyed my hair with this , and waited the anticipated amount of time , i ended up with ORANGEEEEE roots !!! The rest of my hair did n't even look dyed . It was the same color as before . I dye my hair regularly using diverse products , but this one is n't ever going to be one of them again . HORRIBLE ! Had to undergo another stressful procedure with another product , another waste of money because this product did n't hold up .
 I saw warning hidden in back of instructions only after applying . maybe because it dyes skin extremely well ... returning is n't worth the time .
 if it does n't ship soon I will write the worst rating I can on this one ... So I suggest you change your systems to set a better example not a bad one ...
 I am disappointed . I would give a big fat zero if I could ... My hair was faded light dull red -LRB- from avibrant red -RRB- and thought this would bring some shine/color into it without making it too bright . If anything it made my hair a darker brown with hints of red in the sun ? I am upset . Thank god I only spent $ 4 bc it was in sale . Now to rush out and get my usual brand Feria Power Reds - lesson learned !
 Like honestly wth . I followed all of the instructions and my hair was a very light color to start with . After waiting the appropriate time and washing it off . I was horrified to discover that my hair had turned a grayish blonde ! What do i do now ? What the heck happened . Not buying this again . EVER .
 I am gray/blonde , rather was gray/blonde . Husband bought product for wht he though was a good product name and color . Did color swatch test and seemed okay . Did full head of hair and i now look like carrot top . Color is not true and really looks horrible . Should be removed from marked . Revlon should know better then to keep this line of products in market place . STAY AWAY
 Had a problem with toes rubbing together . Did n't work . Does n't stay in place . Waste of money ! Wish I had never bought it . Buyer beware !
 Too thin , did not stay in place . I wound up after trying several different products , putting cotton between toes , securing with gauze .
 This product probably works ok if your toes are built exactly a certain way and very , very close together . However , my toes have spaces between them - like most toes - and these little things never stayed put despite my repeat attempts . By end of day , they had all migrated to other places in my socks , causing an irritating need to remove shoes , socks and then remove them . I wish they had worked for me , but they did n't .
 From the picture and description , I thought for sure this was a pair of pieces , each with four separators attached . Hence `` U-shaped . '' Instead , what you get is 8 individual flaps , not very u-shaped at all , and with no way to keep them between your toes . They are very thin . Even if your toes press together hard -LRB- which is the condition this product would ideally treat -RRB- , it will just squish out.It sort of provides relief if I carefully hold the pads in place , but that in itself is stressful.I just tried doubling up -LRB- using all 8 pads on one foot -RRB- and it is working well . Too bad I can only do one foot at a time . If I have to buy an extra set to accomplish what one should do , it still gets one star.I see that the product page has been updated to reflect that there are 8 pieces ... But looking at the order I placed , it did not say that at the time .
 I tried these with bare feet , with socks , and with shoes and socks , but they do n't stay in place . If your toes naturally touch tightly together , then maybe they would . I spent $ 65 to get Correct Toes instead , which stay in place better -LRB- but not perfectly -RRB- .
 Salam -LRB- Peace -RRB- , I usually rate for some detail , and it may not effect the actual &#34; rate product &#34; . Details of the product
 They fall out walking , running , playing tennis , etc. . They just do n't work . If you just sit around , they 'll be fine , but these are not made for movement .
 I wear size 13 shoes . I have an issue with in grown toenails including on my big toe . I thought something like these might keep the toes from rubbing together resulting in further irritation . However , even the two large ones only reached about 2/3 of the way from the base of my toes . And they are relatively thin so would not stay in between my toes . Even wearing socks , after a few steps the toe separators did not stay in place . The smaller ones are completely useless for me . They might work for someone with tiny feet .
 Too much trouble to use these , They also put pressure on the corners of your toenails and can cause ingrown toenails . would not stay in place . More trouble than they are worth
 I do n't know if I 'm doing something wrong but these wo n't stay put at all . Makes them completely useless . I do n't know , maybe my toes are n't close enough together ?
 I bought this for a trip o Europe . I used it twice and it started to act funny it would turn on but the turn itself off after a few minutes . This continued for a couple of uses then refused to turn on at all . I had two weeks without a curling iron which was not fun . I ca n't return it as it is over 30 days so will just throw it out .
 Ordered 8/7/12 , used in Europe where I began having problems with the unit shutting itself off automatically . Would work intermittently . Upon my return to US , the iron continued to shut off - sometimes in a few seconds , sometimes in a few minutes . Tried to return via Amazon , but return window expired 9/12 . Called Conair customer service -LRB- perfunctory , indifferent service -RRB- . Warranty service is this
 I agree with a few reviews that this curling iron gets hot quickly . That 's the end of the good news . This is one poorly designed unit . The on-off switches and the temp dial are where your hand rests , as you use it , so the temp changes and it goes off a lot . My hair gets tangled/caught on the `` stand '' , so it was ripping my hair out , whenever I could get my hair to stay wrapped around the iron . My hair curls better with a blow dryer and a round brush . GOING BACK ASAP !
 This curling iron worked well for my thick , fine textured , very long hair until it shorted out only TWO MONTHS after buying it . I used it maybe twice a week at most . Also , the dial for the temperature changed easily when I was using it because my hand was constantly bumping it . Last but not least , the cord tangled horribly . It 's a shame because the curling iron actually curled fairly well . I wo n't buy a product from this manufacturer again and I 'm looking for a new curling iron .
 I ordered a Babybliss Pro Ceramic Tools curling iron particularly for the dual voltage feature as I am leaving for a UK trip soon . I received a no-name generic curling iron that does contain a Conair website in very small print on the box . But most importantly it does n't have the dual voltage feature I need . Packing it up and sending it back .
 This curling iron generates hardly any heat ! I have only used it twice and I could n't even finish curling all my hair after 30 minutes b/c it takes so long and the curl falls out within 30 minutes as well . Horrible product ! Do not buy if you have long , fine hair and a lot of it !
 Iron handle seems to be deteriorating . I noticed some residue which felt tacky , but it did n't make my fingers sticky . Boxed it back up for a refund shortly after delivery . I noticed a previous reviewer with same issue ... possible I received the one that was returned ? Or just an old batch ?
 After about a year , the ceramic coating starts to wear off . Then it does nothing but fry your hair . Better off spendin your money on a real ceramic iron .
 I ordered a Babyliss Pro Ceramic Tools 1 '' curling iron . What I received was a cheaper Conair version . Buyer beware ... this is NOT as advertised!I could n't figure out why this curling iron did n't perform as expected . It LOOKED like the one I had ordered . However , when I finally looked at the manufacturer 's label , I found that it was a Conair instead of the Babyliss.I ended up going to Sally Beauty and picking up the CORRECT curling iron . WHAT A DIFFERENCE !
 Ok whats going on with ceramic products.This is the second product I bought that the ceramic is chipping or changing color.This curling iron was working nicely at first . It got hot right away and then it wouldnt heat up at all . the off and on buttons are touch sensitive so you have to keep checking to see if the iron is still on . I have had better luck with Hot tools brand for curling irons but Babyliss has the best flat irons . Titanium of course .
 This product had such amazing reviews and I was really excited to see my hair in perfect waves . But no matter how I adjust the temperature settings the curls fall flat right after I curl them which is unusual for my hair . Also the barrel of the iron is so big it basically just looks straight . I think this would work on someone with extremely long hair -LRB- mine goes down about 1/3 down my back and its only long enough for one giant curl -RRB- who used a lot of hairspray but for me it was not good : -LRB-
 I have placed the curling tong on 7th nov , I ca n't track why or where it really is and there 's no updates . This is absurd for an order placed 2 months ago
 I love this curling iron . I could use it here and abroad . Many settings for all hair . You wo n't need a transformer for 110 to 220 but you will need a plug adapter for were you are going . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I bought this to take on a trip to Europe , but ended up leaving it at home . The unit is too big and heavy to be practical for travel .
 I 'm not impressed . I bought it solely based on the rave reviews . I have thick hair and was hopeful this would help me get some pretty waves/curls but am disappointed .
 the BaByliss ceramic curling iron is one of the worst products I 've ever purchased . It heats up only to turn off as soon as I wind my hair around the barrel . It does n't heat up again and if I try curling my hair before it reaches selected temperature , it does n't curl . Do n't waste your money on this product . The instruction manuel is totally useless . It does n't explain a thing about the product or how it 's suppposed to work .
 These are my favorite curling irons ... heat up fast . . work great ... last a long time ... however the one I got from here was gummy and sticky ... like it was sitting in a hot warehouse too long and melted a bit ... the handle . . could n't touch it was nasty . . I returned with no hassle however ... purchased somewhere else
 Most importantly , the iron does n't get that hot . I want to see smoke after a minute because that 's what 400F should do ! The stand gets way too hot because it rests on the iron . The on off switch is poorly located so you inadvertently end up turning off the iron or lowering the heat setting while trying to load your hair . Whack !
 Works ok ... does not get hot enough so my hair looks good for the first couple hours but not the whole day . Would have been worth it to pay a little more for better quality .
 This curling iron was advertised to have dual voltage . I was traveling to Ireland and did not want to ruin my curling iron so I thought I would buy one that I could use there.When it arrived the plug was no different than the current US voltage . I am leaving tomorrow and have no curling iron . I am outraged with disapointment .
 Described in the title was a BaByliss curling iron , but what I received was a Conair in a BaByliss box .
 This product worked very well , remember to buy the European Plug - the product comes with an American plug . The product was purchased through Amazon.com and they also sell the plug you need .
 This is not a review about the product , it 's about amazon . It said the brand is CHI , but I receive an iron brand Babyliss . Got ta return . They should of stated the right brand and it should be clearer .
 Ordered for my wife for xmas . She likes it but it is not CHI so be mindful of that . Had it gift wrapped when sent so I had no idea it was not what says until she opened it lol .
 What a disappointment !!!! Never thought I can get Made in China substitute instead of Original BabyLiss by CHI !!!! Wish Amazon will check the sellers products ! No time for return - Christmas is around the corner ! Sad . Sad . Very sad . I have checked Curling Irons ratings and ordered this one , but received Ceramic Tools by ConAir ? made in China ? instead of it . I am not even sure that it is by ConAir , since it is not properly marked as ConAir does . If you are on the market for the rated item - check how it should look -LRB- Iron and Box , both -RRB- on respective web site - and you will see that WHAT WE RECEIVE IS NOT WHAT WE ORDERED .
 I read the reviews of this product and found them to be good so I bought this curler.I received the package and was so eager to try out this curler ! I took it out of the box , plugged it in , applied my heat protectant on my hair.There is a dial on the curler to select your preferred temperature ranging fromno .01 to hottest no. 25 , I selected midway no. 15 because I did n't want to risk overheating or something.I started doing my lower section of hair and it worked well and the curls looked good.Thereafter I moved on to the upper section of my hair and I was just starting to curl one of my locks up and suddenly I hear sizzling and see smoke coming out of my hair !! The curler was only on that lock of hair for only less than 8 seconds!Sensing something was n't right , I removed the curler and to my horror , I saw my lock of hair all burnt and stuck on the curler !!!!!!! It was a horrific sight !!!! The curler suddenly went berserk and burnt off my hair to ashes !!!!! It is totally dangerous and unacceptable , I have filed for a refund and I do not just want a refundI want to make a claim against this seller !!!!!!!! I have pictures to prove the horrible damage it has done to me , just so utterly traumatized by this experienceI do n't know if I would dare to use another heat styling tool ever again!I just start to wonder if this is an authentic babyliss product at all ????????????
 I tried multiple times to get nice waves/curls using this product . I tried using it on clean hair , dirty hair , and with lots of product . I tried changing the length and angle of which I curled my hair . I tried using smaller and larger sections of hair . No matter what I try I can not get this curler to leave me with a decent curl ! I am convinced that it is the ceramic plate that prevents me from this effect . Even when set on the highest heat setting , it only gives me the effect of straightening my hair with a slight wave at the ends . I would return this product if I could . I 'm going to give it another try but if anyone knows a solution to replacing this curler let me know !
 I have purchased this product before and it is helpful in strengthening my nails . In the past , I have purchased 84 tablet -LRB- three months supply -RRB- boxes of Appearex from another vendor for about $ 23 per box . When I saw the SkinStore offer of three boxes for $ 64 , I assumed that each box had 84 tablets . The advertisement did n't say how many tablets per box . When I received the product , I found that each box contained only 28 tablets - a one month supply ! Had I known the count from the SkinStore ad , I NEVER would have ordered from them . Why pay $ 64 instead of $ 23 for a three month supply?Unfortunately , I did not notice the discrepancy until after I had thrown out the packing materials and return label . I contacted SkinStore , thinking perhaps there had been a mistake in packing , but no , that they way they sell this product . They kept trying to tell me what a savings I was getting by buying the Triple Pack as they sell 28 tablet boxes for $ 25 ! They just did n't get it!They offered a way for me to return the purchase , but were completely unwilling to offer anything else .
 I too order this triple pack thinking it was 3 - 84 count boxes , when it arrived it was only 3 - 28 count boxes . I doubled checked the ad and it is very misleading . I was able to return to the Skin Store at my expense . I did receive credit for the Appearex . Read the ad carefully .
 This ad is misleading . My initial reaction was that I could purchase the 3 pack at a slight discount to purchasing individual units from other vendors . The ad never specifies the # of pills included in the box . Only by reading the reviews was I able to understand the facts . Do n't reward this type of merchant .
 This lotion is runny and smells awful . The high price makes it less than one star .
 Was hoping at that price the mint would stay with your skin . It does n't . Makes your bathroom smell good , that 's about it . Can do that cheaper .
 This item was returned for credit . It seemed poorly constructed . The voltage power switch did not work properly and and seemed quite loose . I was not comfortable taking it on a recent trip to Ireland . As a side note ... every hotel and B&B during the 10 day trip provided a hair dryer in the room .
 I wanted a small hairdryer to fit easily in a drawer . This is a nice compact dryer and is sturdy . There are two speed settings ; low and high . High blows harder than low . I prefer to blowdry my hair on a lower velocity setting so I can style as I dry . The problem with this machine is that the low setting does n't put out any heat . It just blows air . I still want to dry my hair , just not at a high wind velocity . I am disappointed .
 This dryer was defective when I received it . I plugged it in and nothing happened . So I 'm using my old Sunbeam dryer , which has been very good , but does n't work as well as it used to.I probably just got a lemon , so do n't rely too much on this review .
 The only thing I do n't like about the Travel Dryer is the plug . I must carry an adapter because it is too big to fit into some sockets . I have been licky though , because the hotel had another I could use.SunBeam SBPC32 1600W Compact Travel Dryer
 This seemed like a fine little blow dryer until it started shooting sparks a couple of weeks ago . I had no complaints about this dryer , it did its job and was easy to pop into a suitcase or backpack for travel . Would have easily given it four or even five stars . There 's really no excuse for a such poor quality appliance , even an inexpensive product should last at least one year . I bought it in April 2010 . I wo n't purchase another Sunbeam hair dryer .
 Not a bad hair dryer only complaint was that it did not last 2 years . The high setting blew out and only low setting worked which would take a long time to dry my hair even though I have fine hair .
 The product comes as described , HOWEVER what 's missing in the description is how heavy , encumbered and loud it is . Have I tried it in a store , I would not have bought it . Still , it does the job .
 I bought it in December , it was awesome at first , but after nine months , not sure what happend , the comb attachment broke first and then there was a loud pop noise , I tried to turn it off but the button was stuck so I unplugged it , thought maybe it over heated , waited an hour and tried it again , it was done , could n't move the button and would n't come on .
 This Andis hair dryer is toooooooo big.Very difficult to handle.Not recommended !
 Bought this product April 13 . It stopped working June 13 . At the High setting , the dryer makes a horrible noise . After about 6 weeks of use , the dryer began to overheat and cut off when at the high setting . Finally , it overheated and would not turn back on for two days . If the manufacturer does not want me to use the high setting , why put it on the hair dryer?For years , the only type of hair dryer that leaves my hair frizz free is this type of brush dryer . This type has become very hard to find . I never tried this brand before . I will not waste my money on it again .
 No dryer that I have ever owned got my hair as shiny , bouncy , and straight as this dryer . I thought I had found a winner . However , the second time I used it , it made a popping sound and sparked inside the dryer part itself . The dryer still would turn on and not wanting to let go of such a good dryer , I gave it some time before trying again . It worked for awhile but then popped again and sparked . This time I had to give it up . I am too hurt . This dryer worked wonders on my hair but is a safety issue . Anyone know of any dryers with as good results as this one but better electrical makeup ?
 I bought this item and within the first couple times I used it , it made a crackling noise and then shut off . After a few minutes it started again , I was able to finish my hair . That scared me , so I only used the High setting for short periods of time . A couple weeks later , I was drying my hair , it made the crackling noise and started throwing sparks . Not worth the money in my book .
 I guess I got a bad one too because I just purchased this 2 days ago and its make loud popping noises when on the high setting . It did n't throw any sparks but it turned it self off . I too was able to finish my hair , but after reading the previous reviews about this joker throwing sparks , Im getting ready to return it and get my money back . Do not purchase , dangerous and unsafe appliance that needs to be pulled off the market .
 Two words
 I ordered this product before and received the wrong order . This time I got the product and it has a malfunction , when you use the low setting you get electrical sparks . . too frustrated to do another return . Too bad because because I always liked Andis hair dryers .
 I bought this dryer on 5-17-12 and it stopped working on 5-30-12 . Only used it twice . It overheats way to quick when using the high setting . The dryer started smoking and then starks start flying everywhere . Not to mention it blew out my bathroom plug . I definitely do n't plan on buying this brand again , definitely not worth it .
 I bought two of these dryers . The first popped , sparked and flashed out of the box . The second developed the same problem within a week . Frankly , they are dangerous . Steer clear .
 When I first purchased this product in March of 2009 I loved it . Less than 90 days later the item made a popping sound and now only works on the high setting . There are several similar comments about this product only working for a short period of time , or the product starting to spark . Buyer beware . This item is probably not safe .
 The switch on the dryer failed within a week . I had to take it in for warranty service and it took almost two weeks to get another one . I have n't been able to pick it up yet but I hope it lasts longer than the first one .
 Unfortunately , I did n't have the same experience as the prior reviewer -LRB- s -RRB- . About 5 minutes after use , a loud popping noise came from near the outlet and the dryer shut off . I was too apprehensive to make another attempt w / this product , so instead I returned it .
 This dryer DOES NOT have 3 heat setting . It only has hot , with 2 air flow settings . Set on HIGH , it may burn your hair , hands , and/or scalp . It 's probably good for thick , coarse hair , but I would n't recommend it for thin or fine hair . The cool button is useless since it only has one speed -LRB- low -RRB- . Go for the Revlon amber waves instead .
 I upgraded from a Gold N Hot 1200 for this one as was so excited to try it . Unfortunately , like the rest of the 1 star reviews , the dryer frequently overheats and then POP ! it stops working .
 So the other reviews convinced me to buy this product , but I have to say I had a totally different experience from the reviewers before me . When I first put it on , I noticed that I did n't really get great coverage with it compared to masks I 've used in the past so I had to use a lot . I admit , it felt great when I had it on , but after I took it off I did n't feel like it did anything for me . I decided to wait until the next day to see if I noticed anything . The next morning , my face still did n't feel any different than it normally does . I have tried it two more times in the last week and a half and still have noticed nothing . I ended up giving it to a buddy of mine to see if it did anything for him and he said it felt cheap compared to other masks . After giving this mask a try , I decided I 'm going back to Anthony Logistics Deep Pore cleansing clay.Anthony Logistics for Men Deep Pore Cleansing Clay , 4 OunceIt 's about the same price and it actually works for me .
 THE GOOD
 If you look at the first ingredient of this hairspray , it 's water . I gave it 2 stars because it smells so nice but it did n't hold my hair at all . I was trying to find a cheaper hairspray than my favorite , Big Sex Hairspray but in this case it did n't happen . If you want a lot of hold this is not the hairspray for you .
 The first can worked fine but the second can went flat while still nearly full and will no longer spray .
 My wife bought this product and it appears to work fine as a hairspray . I use her hairspray occasionally and when I used some of this I was immediately turned off by the very strong , perfume smell . This product is heavily scented and it smells more like `` old lady '' than `` cute girl '' ... despite the name . I am going to advise my wife not to purchase this product again .
 Loved this hairdryer at first , was lite , was fast and quiet . I suddenly noticed my hair started to look a bit fried . Was not sure what was going on . I had noticed that the concentrator attachment to the dryer was very hot when I was done , and I could not touch it . On further inspection , the nozzle on the dryer itself had melted at the end !! No wonder my hair was fried . Do not get this dryer !!
 Do n't waste your money ; for the price , they do not hold heat ; won ; t stay closed . Other brands give you liners to go with the botties . Susan .
 These need either a draw string or elastic ; they are too large for a size 8 woman 's foot ! They fall off .
 I found these booties too big and with no way to adjust them , so they just fall off . I do n't use them now . I just use the plastic liners .
 I just got this product , and it does not work at all . I thought it just was not hot enough , so I let it sit to heat up for ten minutes , but the plates are cool enough that I can touch them with my hand . My hair is not that curly in the first place , but even after attempting to straighten my hair for twenty minutes , it remains wavy . If I could give this product zero stars , I would .
 I bought this product because it was described as a `` Moisturizing Cleanser '' which opens pores . This product is simply a mix of mineral oil and Vaseline . The label shows the first two contents as mineral oil and petrolatum . Once you have it on your skin it does not wash off with water . I attempted to wash my hands and the water just beaded up and rolled off the skin . It leaves the skin looking and feeling greasy because it 's literally coated with petroleum jelly . Just buy Vaseline at the store and you 'll have essentially the same product . Again this is NOT a moisturizer .
 At first , smells kind of sweet , but now I 'm finding it grows on you . I should have waited a few more days before giving it a rating of `` 1 '' . It 's sweeter smelling than I usually prefer , but there 's something about it that rounds out any rough edges during the day . Plus , it is soothing and does not irritate the face . Nostalgic , yes , and sort of floral but probably better smelling than some of the expensive items which stink so bad after a few hours you just want to wash it off . Unfortunately , the on-site Amazon program wo n't let me change my rating or I 'd up it to a three .
 This stuff is like the gift that keeps on giving . The smell is sooooo strong and it does not subside for hours ; in fact it seems to get stronger . This might be a good thing if you like the scent , unfortunately I can not stand it . Its like a full frontal attack on my nostrils . To be fair , my husband loves this stuff -LRB- for this I give it one star -RRB- . After reading the other reviews about how it makes you feel like a man , now I understand why . But all these guys should take up boxing or something ; there has to be a better way . I actually got into a fight with my husband about him refusing to stop using this product . Bottom line , if you want to smell very strongly of old man , go for it . Otherwise , for the love of God , please choose something else .
 Once i ordered this item i was informed this was for a one count and not the 25 count advertised . i immediately cancelled the order . i will amend this when i receive a full refund .
 The product is very unusable and not at all what is advertised . You can hardly hold the towelettes to wipe on your skin . Very very disappointed .
 This is for one towelette , not for a case of 100 . The company gave a prompt refund but the item is still listed incorrectly on Amazon . Several merchants offer the same item for much less.SUN X SPF30 SUN SCREEN INDIVIDUAL WRAPPED TOWELETTES 25/BOXThe shipping is even more over priced than the item itself . The merchant charges $ 8.02 to ship an item which can be mailed for 44 cents .
 I bought this for my daughter to use at summer camp as she 's out in the sun all day , every day . Although she 's not burned yet , she is extremely dark and I can see a lot of redness in the cheeks . I probably would not use these again .
 I ordered 6 of the 100 pack Sun X SPF towelettes
 When I went to your web site the product was listed at 25 packets fof 99cents and so I ordered 2000 as we have kindness outreach at our church to hand out sunscreen packets . When I received only 80 I called you number and you told me I had to email Gearstuff.I did that and they email me back that it was a mis print on price and they did not have 2000 packets to fill my order so I requested a full refund and they refunded the full amount as soon as I sent the 80 packets UPS with a tracking number on a label they sent me.Therefore I did not use the product .
 THESE ARE OKAY FOR HOLDING IN THE MOISTURE A LITTLE WHILE LONGER BUT ARE A LITTLE DIFFICULT TO OPEN UP .
 I am not sure if it is mainly the fault of the liners or the wax . The liner are more narrow than what I am used to . They pull the wax off the skin when putting the liners on .
 Too small and way too expensive for cheap cheap bags . Do n't waste your money . This company really overcharges for these .
 I bought this for myself because I 'm a poto phan girl and it smelled like it was a stale dollar store perfume ugh I 'm only keeping It because it says phantom that 's it . It smells terrible
 I was really disappointed with this product as there are so few cruelty free mascaras on the market as it is . It clumps , it clumps , it clumps .
 smells like some kind of room spray . i will use it as something other than a personal fragrance . it has an industrial odor , and it 's not a feminine smell .
 I used Sebastian Shaper light spray for years , then they discontinued it . I tried this one thinking it would be comparable as it was the same brand . It is not ! It is fine and goes on with a very light spray but the hair looks greasy and weighted down within hours of using , especially if I brush it . It looks like teenage greasy hair would look when you were young and needed to wash your hair . I am 60yrs old will be finding something else . This stuff is awful .
 I should have returned this when I had the chance . The scent is terrible and as soon as I sprayed it , I started sneezing every time . Regular Sebastian Shaper hairspray is my favorite , but this stuff stinks !
 I was really disappointed . I 've been looking for an organic lotion that does n't contain fragrance and other chemicals and will help improve the overall appearance of my skin -LRB- hydrate , not clog my pores , etc -RRB- . This lotion smells great and feels good . But , since it contains alcohol , I can tell that its drying to my skin . I 'll still be on the hunt for a good lotion .
 My mom gave me some of this for Christmas and it 's pretty watery , and the smell is a bit too much . It did n't moisturize my skin , it just sat on top of it .
 The scent is wonderful ! Very relaxing and calming . However , the lotion does not absorb . Once it dries , you have dried lotion all over your body . Yuck .
 If you are sensitive to smells this is not for you ! While it does have a plesant fragrance it is strong , perhaps to help cover the tanning lotion smell . Either way , not for those who do n't like strong smelling lotion .
 IT SMELLS GREAT , BUT IT DOES ' T STAY WITH YOU VERY LONG . I WAS HOPING IT WOULD HAVE MORE MOISTURIZER IN IT . I WISH I COULD FIND MORE SCENTS IN THIS . IT DOES N'T HAVE MUCH LATHER EITHER .
 Fairly decent powder but for the price paid you do n't get a lot . I wo n't buy another .
 I was buying an eyebrow tinting product that this was linked to . I almost added it as an afterthought and then noticed the S&H ; which is as much as the product ! Geez!You can pick these up at your local Sally -LRB- or any -RRB- Beauty Supply store ladies -LRB- and gentlemen -RRB- . I believe they may even be cheaper there too .
 This product is supposed to help relieve sinus congestion . It has a pleasant aroma but does n't appear to help any . You also have to use a lot for each soaking so you only get a few .
 I bought this product at Shop Wars through Amazon.com . This product cost me $ 94 . When I received it in July , the expiration date on the box was Aug 2009 . I called up Shop Wars and complained that I 'm not going to spend close to $ 100 then have the cream go bad on me within one month . It 's unethical . They said they will take it back provided that I ship it back to them on my own dime and they will charge me 15 % for restocking . I asked them if they have other jars that have expiration dates a year or two out . They told me this is the last jar they had . I also gotten other Cellex C items via Amazon . But they are sold by Amazon and not their affiliates . Those ones have expiration dates about 2 years out . So the moral of the story is not to buy cosmetic products that are sold by Shop Wars via Amazon .
 I was very excited to receive this product about 2 days after order submitted . However , I was disappointed that the product contains sulfates . Thus , I can not rate the effectiveness of this product , since I do not use products that contain sulfates . Actually , I am surprised that Design Essentials sell products containing sulfates . I thought this was a fairly new product line , developed especially with Afro-American hair in mind ; and , I thought sulfates robbed the hair of the moisture that our hair so desperately needs.My hair stylist uses the relaxer . moisturizing shampoo & conditioner on my hair , and my hair has never been in such good condition . I looked up the ingredients for the shampoo and conditioner that she uses , and they contain no sulfates , although they do not state that they are sulfate free .
 I ordered this thinking it was the medium and not the dark one because the picture clearly shows the word medium on the bottom of the front of the bottle . however , they shipped me the `` very dark . '' I know someone who wants to buy the dark bottle from me so I do n't have to ship it back but now I have to re order and wait .
 It might be because of my very pale skin but I did not like this product . It stained my hands even though I washed them a couple of times during and after applying the lotion -LRB- but my hands are very pale -RRB- . It streaked and kinda came off in the shower when I used it but it came off unevenly . I threw it away after using it a couple of times .
 I really thought this lotion was going to be great but it was everything but that . If you are pale then DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . I promise you it will look very fake and orange if you are pale . I have light skin and dark hair and I could n't even leave my house after I had put this stuff on . I looked like I needed to be sitting in a fruit basket . HORRIBLE ! If you have a base tan then you could probably use it . I ended up giving mine to my father because he is very tanned . It looked ok on him but it does wash off easy and I found it coming off on my clothing days after I applied it . I would never buy it again .
 I did research on this product before buying it . Reviews were pretty good ! I was pretty excited to try it out ! . So i looked around trying to find the cheapest place . . and i did . ... . i actually thought i ordered the ultra dark . But i guess i was wrong , i ended up with the medium . So . My stuff came in the mail . . took a shower , exfoliated , I 've done what I 'm supposed to do . Used the product a few times . Looked like crap after a few days . So i figured i would donthe process all over again . Waited a few days . Got my skin back to normal.once again few days later after reapplying , moisturizing , exfolating the crap out of my skin . Looked gross ! It was really orange . If i exfoliated before i shaved you can see lines in my legs !!! It would rub off really super easy ! Looked like i had some kind of bad skin condition . . although it does smell really good !!!! Stained the crap out of my hands . . I dont know if I got an outdated bottle.or if this product is just garbage . But I will never buy it again . ... . then Amazon is a bunch of bull . About the free shipping . Theirs a cautch . They automatically charge you 70 bucks for a year or something so you get free shipping on anything you buy for a year or something.and I never buy stuff here . So you get screwed . So Amazon I will never buy from you again !
 This product made me itch so I only used it once . I was hoping this would n't happen because nearly all the sunless tanners make me itch !
 I was very disappointed with this product . Very drying to my hair , would not recommend . The other products in this line have been great but this one is terrible .
 First of all , I 'm not a dermatologist , I 'm just a heterosexual guy with sensitive skin who has tried many products and done a lot of research in the search of the right products . I offer reviews of Clinique , zirh , menscience , art of shaving and baxter of California , hope my reviews are helpful.this face wash left my skin a bit too dry . you can get a similar face wash for way less at any drug store
 The blades are ridged , which is what i did n't want . There was no description so I assumed the blades were smooth .
 Received the gloMinerals gloBlush in Spice Berry very quickly , however the first time I used it , it just broke up into pieces once I touched it with my blush brush . Very brittle must be very old cant use it .
 One of the sprayers leaks and none of them mist . They are either closed or open with a single stream .
 I bought two of these to evenly spray cooking oil on food in the kitchen . Although I have n't tried with other liquids , the bottle does not mist the oil but only squirts a stream , no matter the nozzle setting .
 Not sure if there is a secret -LRB- on how to use the container -RRB- that I do n't know about but no matter on which side I place the bottle it kept leaking until I lost the whole thing
 This product has a very strong vanilla smell and no jasmine at all . The lotion is also a bit watery . I was disappointed .
 I TRIED THIS PRODUCT . IT DOES N'T WORK AT ALL . DO N'T SPEND YOUR $ 50 . YOU 'LL BE SORRY
 I bought this product for my mother who is 79 years old . She has very fine hair . She has been using Cre-C for about 3 weeks now and neither she nor I notice a difference in her hair . I do not recommend this product .
 Bought this because i was looking for a GOOD eyeliner , which i have yet to find ... . I liked the idea that it came with a sharpner and i liked the color . I asked the clinique lady for an eyeliner that wouldnt run and she looked at me funny , and said `` well ... we have this ... '' and handed me the eyeliner . I should have just walked away because the look in her eye I could tell something was NOT right . I bought it anyway - i honestly hate this product and its not worth the price . ive tried cheap drugstore eyeliners that have worked way better than this 20 pencil ! It WILL run ... smears terribly . Once applied do not touch ur eye . Within an hour it will smear so if u purchase carry around tissues to keep your eyes clean so you wont look like a racoon . Sharpness doesnt last long . Its kinda a nuscience to have to sharpen every day . I dont reccomend . Go to the dollarstore and get a better product for cheaper too .
 The pencil loses its sharpness REALLY quickly , I mean within a single use . And the line bleeds quickly too so within an hour I have dark patches instead of lines underneath my eyes . The only reason for 2 star instead of 1 is the attached sharpener . But with a pencil that gets dull so quickly they really needed to attach a sharpener .
 I was so hopeful for this product after reading the other reviews . I love the Dermadoctor Ai n't Misbehavin ' cleanser and anti-acne serum . However , I used this product twice and will be returning it to Sephora . I have very oily skin and acne . After cleansing and application of the acne serum , I applied this product . It did not absorb at all ! It balled and flaked up on my skin , making me look like I had wiped cottage cheese on my face . I ended up having to wipe it off with a towel . Also , it had that cheap Coppertone kind of smell , which I ca n't stand . I thought maybe I did n't wait long enough after application of the acne serum , so the next day I gave it a good 15-20 minutes between application of the acne serum and this product , and the same thing happened . I got no mattification whatsoever , and the same extremely gross cottage-cheese type chunkiness . Maybe it 's just something to do with my particular skin , but I was very disappointed , and will be exchanging for the Cosmedicine Medi-Matte 20 SPF lotion which I * know * works .
 good ... dried out the skin within a couple of days with all of the alcohols.How do you think they make it sooo matte ???!! If you have oily/sensitive skin just be careful
 After reading all of the great reviews , and seeing a recommendation for this in one of the major fashion magazines , I was very eager to try this . SO disappointed upon receiving it -- extremely thick , greasy , and so smelly that I would n't want it anywhere near my face ! It honestly has the same smell and consistency as this goop that I used to put on my horses ' hooves as a kid ! I 've been using Aquaphor for years , and it can be used for absolutely anything -LRB- dry/cracked skin , burns , dry lips , heal skin blemishes -RRB- , it has no scent and is a fraction of the cost ! I 'm going to stick with that and hope that I can send the Elizabeth Arden cream back . : -LRB-
 I was not impressed by this product . It left my hands feeling and looking greasy and they still felt dry . I also do n't like the smell . It has an industrial oil smell that is n't very pleasant . I would not recommend this product .
 While this is a truly wonderful product , you can purchase it at a store for the same price without paying the shipping .
 As a product spefically designed to treat Keratosis Pilaris - it fails dismally . I have had KP all my life and have used KP duty on my arms for the past month and it has made no difference at all . Yes my skin is quite smooth but I can get that quite easily with lots of different creams which cost a lot less than $ 36 and which are not designed for KP . All the bumps on my arms are still glaringly obvious and have not diminished in the slightest . I know many other people who have tried KP Duty and have had nothing positive to say about it.Don ' t waste your money .
 I 've had KP since I was about 12 -LRB- I 'm 28 now -RRB- and I recently tried KP Duty . I am absolutely * shocked * that a product that makes such brazen claims can be so ineffective . The bottle actually has a cartoon CHICKEN on it , says it `` Effectively eliminates '' the bumps , and that `` Flawless '' skin is achievable.I have KP all over my legs ; most of it is not inflamed , but there are a couple patches that are reddened . I also have very fair skin -LRB- transparent , basically -RRB- and the KP looks bad enough that no one has seen my legs at all since I was 12 . -LRB- Insert complete social isolation and low self esteem HERE ! -RRB- So I was so happy to see that this `` KP Duty '' product was formulated specifically for this disease , and I really thought it would work . Well , I 've used it once a day for a month now and have noticed no reduction in the bumps or the red spots or the redness generally . The skin does * feel * much softer , but it 's as ugly as ever , and the bumps are obvious when you look at the skin in profile.I have no clue how long you 're supposed to use this product before you see results . They say you should try any new skin product for at least 6 weeks before you give up , so I think I will keep at it for a while longer . But I 'm assuming now that all of the raving reviews this product gets are due to its skin-softening effect , not ANY actual treatment of KP . As Jay mentioned , any lotion can provide softer skin without the $ 35 price !! I have noticed within the past week or so that the ankle/calf region has started peeling . I hope this is a good thing -LRB- exfoliation ? -RRB- and maybe if it continues there could be some better skin revealed underneath . However , so far even the peeling areas still have red , KP spots!Will post another review here if the product does turn out to be effective , but do n't hold your breath , folks .
 I was dissapointed in this product . It was not effective at all on my daughter 's skin . Worse , if she had even the tiniest little scratch , the product would burn so badly that I had to wash it off.I submitted a review for this product on the manufacturer 's website . They sent me a nice apology note , but they did not post my review . I 'm just trying to stop other people from being suckered in to buying this product .
 This product certainly sells itself on the box , but did not help with my KP at all . It worked great on my feet , but then again , I did n't spend $ 36 for foot creme . Basically , for me , it was a waste of money which I wish I could get back .
 I thought at least the redness or the bumps were gon na disappear but no 3 months later my arms look the same , I 'm did n't use only the lotion moisturizing but the scrub and serum as well not even because I was using it daily , I 'm seriously very sad about the results
 Product does NOT work . Tried the product for 2 full wks as instructed , nothing changed . Money spent was a total waste .
 I have purchased two large tubes of KP Duty lotion and one large container of scrub . I 've used the products as suggested on my toddler girls for over 6 months . Sadly , we did not experience any improvements . The bumps on their arms , thighs and buttocks became inflamed and red after using the scrub and I did not notice a reduction in the bumpy patches . I did however , get soft hands from applying the products to my girls.We visited the dermatologist last week . He was unfamiliar with this product , but prescribed a compound of 1 % hydrocortisone in an acid mantel base with 10 % urea . We 've used this compound for only a week and we 're already seeing a great reduction in bumps.I would suggest not paying the ridiculous price for this product . The marketing is way better than the product .
 KP Duty works great . But my doctor recommend Ammonium Lactate Lotion 12 % , which is over the counter . It works the same for me , at a fraction of the price and twice the size . It 's a better deal .
 This product seemed to have worked for other readers , but I used it for month and about 3/4 of the content and it did not take care of my arm bumps . I think its still worth a try , but buy it at Sephora since they have a customer satisfaction guarantee -LRB- even pass 30 days -RRB- .
 Not only is this product over-hyped and overpriced - but Dermadoctor website publishes only reviews with glowing comments about it ! Which I did not find out until I read those glowing reviews , wasted my own money and time on this product and then posted a negative review at their site - which never showed up there ! Aha , I thought , now I see their game - never will buy a single thing from them again ... . Maybe it works for some - but who can know what the real results are when they do n't publish both the good and the BAD reviews .
 I very much wanted this product to work . I read reviews from the Dermadoctor website and it seemed like a miracle product/cure for `` chicken skin '' . I used the entire tube as directed and noticed no difference in my skin or any improvement whatsoever . I 'm very disappointed and wo n't buy this product again .
 It helped , it smoothed some areas on my arm , but it does not 100 % remove the problem as claimed on the box .
 I was so disappointed in this product . From what I saw on the Dermadoctor website , it gave me hope and it has such a cute package , plus I felt like this doctor knows what she 's talking about . But I used it religiously , the whole tube , and it did absolutely nothing for my KP . I felt like a loser for spending all this money on something called KP Duty that did n't work at all . I think my bumps looked a bit worse , actually , to add insult to injury . Learn from my mistake , and if you have KP , keep looking -LRB- I 'm still looking for something that works ! -RRB-
 Do n't waste your money . This product made the bumps on my arms even redder . I tried it for several weeks thinking it would eventually get better . The redness went away after I stopped using it and I 'm back to square one .
 This product claims a lot and does little . It has n't helped my KP at all infact I think it maybe getting worse . I have been using it for a month twice a day and nothing has changed since I started . What a waste of money . I hope I can find something to help the KP on my arms before my wedding .
 been using it for a month and i dont see a difference . i dont like it . maybe ill try buying some more
 Conair CS18JCS Ceramic-Coated 2 Double Ionic StraightenerThis Conair hair straightener stopped working in less than 30 days . Very unimpressed .
 I can not deny the power the shampoo has to clean the head . It literally strips your hair and scalp of all of its natural oils and leaves it dry and brittle . To make it better the conditioner , however light , does nothing to bring any strength or softness back . At the end of each shower my head felt clean , and refreshed . My hair deceptively looked thicker despite watching a ton of hair wash away each time I used this product . At the end of every shower my head looked good , but give or take an hour and it started looking bad or worse as if it accelerated hair loss , I looked more bald than before my shower.I just read that drying out and stripping all the oils makes your head appear thicker because dry , coarse hair looks thicker but at the cost of weakening your hair and making it more prone to falling out . On top of that now you have a super dry scalp -LRB- now flakes can start to kick in -RRB- , dry hair -LRB- weak , brittle , breakable -RRB- , and you have a recipe for disaster . There is a reason no hair stylist , magazine , or this reviewer will ever recommend this product to anyone . If you really believe the hype on Saw Palmetto -LRB- one of the ingredients that suppose to inhibit DHT that causes hair loss -RRB- , you are fooling yourself to think your head will absorb it . Just buy some saw palmetto pills and take it daily . It is waay cheaper and at least your working from the inside out.Do yourself a favor and look for another product . Since I stopped using this product and went to cheaper products -LRB- Now using Creme of Nature with argon oil shampoo and Pantene Pro-V conditioner -RRB- , my hair is softer , healthier looking throughout the day . The reality is for us guys growing bald , we need products that contain sulfates-free ingredients -LRB- no Sodium Lauryl Sulfate SLS , Ammonium Lauryl Sulfate ALS , etc. . . -RRB- , as this is the main culprit that assist with speeding up the process of our hairs falling out because of its harshness as a cleaning agent . Try Creme of Nature with argon oil shampoo , it is half the cost of this shampoo and in my opinion 10x better . If you are looking for cheap shampoos or break your wallet cost shampoos just google sulfate-free shampoo list .
 I used this product for almost two months - I have long hair . The only thing it did was completely dry out my hair . My stylist commented on how dry it was ... bought it off of a website that is obviously subsidized by these products . Try Rogaine instead .
 Did n't finish the bottle . Shampoo made my hair feel stripped . Conditioner was like applying oil directly to my scalp . Would never recommend .
 I have used Clearogen -LRB- by the same company -RRB- in the past and loved it . It got rid of my acne . So , when I seemed to be losing more hair than usual , I ordered Revivogen . Within a few weeks after starting it my scalp was itching and burning with pimples . I emailed them and described the problem , and was told to wash every other day with a tar shampoo , but to be sure to continue to use the Revivogen . After a few more weeks it was worse and I emailed them again . They again encouraged me to continue to use the product . So after 3 months the pain and itchiness was unbearable and I stopped using it . Six months later , I 'm still dealing with it , having gone to a dermatologist and had a biopsy done . It came back with `` a layer of crust over folliculitis '' . Apparently my scalp was so dry and compromised that follicular infection moved in . WARNING - If your scalp starts to dry out , STOP using the product , regardless of their advice - their goal is just to sell you more product !! My hair is more sparse than ever , with a very visible wide part . The product did not even slow down the loss while I was using it - if anything , it increased . My scalp issues I 'm sure have made the shedding worse on top of that . I 've spent a small fortune on everything from mild and natural shampoos to moisturizing shampoos , medicated shampoos , aloe shampoos , aloe gel , prescription lotions , etc. - trying anything that might help to heal it up . One prescription lotion costs $ 180 a bottle . I research this problem incessantly on the web trying to figure out how to just get it to heal up . Not to mention practically losing my mind trying not to scratch - my scalp itches 24 hours a day . I also must mention that I had never before had any sort of scalp itching , scalp pimples , or dandruff before using this product .
 This is totally unexpected . I bought this early from the Revivogen official site , everything was perfect . But this time product is horrible , looks like old items ... smell horrible .
 I bought a 6 month supply of this , after 4 months I chucked it and tried something new . It stained my fingers including under my nails not to mention it smelled horrible . Also - my hair loss became worst after using this - I think I would have been better off to not even have used this product . I bought the six month kit from onlyhairloss.com . Once I chucked this product I tried another which was better but still not great . I have been using Bosley for about a month now and I have already started seeing much better results . THIS PROUDUCT SUCKS AND I WOULD NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY
 I used this for about 5 months . Made my hair feel thicker but did n't add any hair to my head .
 This cleanser might be OK for an oily skin type but does n't work well on mine . I have skin that 's prone to dryness and this cleanser REALLY dries it out , after using it the dryness plagues my skin for days .
 SgriVectin-HS Deep / Wrinkle Serum ----- Do n't waste your money !!! I bought 3 bottles !!!! I 've used 11/2 bottles and I think this stuff may be aloe vera at best ! `` Deep '' NOT -LRB- !!!! -RRB- It stays right on the surface of your skin and gets sort of `` filmy '' / crusty !! I do not know how these people can sell these samples on e-Bay legally , because I 'm thinking all they have gotten is a bunch of empty bottles that they have filled with something . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!! -LRB- especially those that do not have a box . -RRB-
 Does not work , do not waste your money . I followed instructions exactly , no visable results at all after extended period of time .
 I agree with some customers . This product is a waist of money . It does n't do anything for your lashes . They look exactly the same before and after using this curler !
 Does n't really curl lashes much . Used after eyelash curler and seemed to make curl lash a bit longer . Would n't not purchase again .
 Got it in the mail and did n't get a chance to try it out for a while but when I finally opened it and put the battery in and tried to turn it on ... nothing happened . Would n't turn on and it was n't the battery . Very disappointed .
 Panasonic EH2351AC Heated Eyelash Curler , BlueI bought this a few weeks ago . I put a battery in it and nothing will make it even turn on as described . Something must be wrong with the mechanism . I no longer have the packaging -LRB- only the instructions -RRB- and therefore can not send it back . Besides the hassle and postage would cost more to send it back then it would be worth .
 After maybe 30 minutes of using it I was able to get a very , very slight curvy in my eyelashes . I could 've gotten better results by using an old metal eyelash curler in 3 minutes for only a few bucks ! A total waste of money !
 You can feel the warmth from the eyelash curler , but even pressing hard against my eyelashes -LRB- and for a long time -RRB- , it does n't do the job . I 'm going back to my ole ' faithful , regular eyelash curler .
 I honestly did not notice any improved curling with this product , in fact , I think that the heat melts my mascara and the comb makes my lashes look thinner and sparser -LRB- I had heard that it worked better AFTER putting on mascara -RRB- . No better when done before mascara either . Metal eyelash curlers are the better way to go .
 No noticeable difference in curl . I already have naturally long lashes so the old fashioned crimp style curler works much better for me
 I 've used a lot of eyelash curlers and this one sounded interesting , but it really does nothing . If I work at it for a very long time , I may see a little difference in my lashes , but a metal curler works way better and much faster .
 Does NOTHING . It stopped working after first week . BOOO ! It goes through your lashes but the heat provided is very VERY minimal and your eyelashes will look the same afterwards.No bueno .
 I would n't say this is a BAD product . It 's well made , and like I said it gets very hot . Hot enough to curl other lashes I 'm sure . It also is n't that bulky so it 's easier to carry around than the awkwardly shaped metal eyelash curler . It 's also easy to clean since the top piece is removable . Fits well in my hand , does n't feel awkward or uncomfortable . Also the top of the curler is shaped well enough to reach the corners of my lashes.Performance wise
 This applies heat to your lashes , but DOES NOT curl them . You are better off to take your blow dryer and heat your plain metal drugstore curler for a few seconds than to buy this . It does absolutely NOTHING to curl them .
 This is soo hard to use , and it probably works way better on a person with longer lashes . Other than that , it heats up fast and curls after a hundred strokes on my short asian lashes .
 I tried this out and it does nothing ! Do not buy this ! This heats up and that 's it ! I did buy a curler that heats up but it 's the one you crimp and use heat . Get that one ! I love the other one . Do n't waist your time with this one people !
 Panasonic has a great reputation ... but for TV 's and other electronics . The reviews ran the gamut , so I decided the price was worth gambling I would finally find the eyelash curler of my dreams . One reviewer mentioned the curler is flat , and that 's correct ; it 's shaped like a little toothbrush . So you can envision the problem with that
 I bought this heated curler because my traditional eyelash curler was breaking off my lashes . The Panasonic did curl my lashes -LRB- although not as much as a regular eyelash curler -RRB- . It was also good for unclumping mascara . Unfortunately , after a couple of weeks it barely heated up . Changed the battery and no difference . I ended up returning it .
 Well , it technically does curl your lashes but not very much . You have to hold it on for 1 minute to get anything . Then you need to apply mascara or something right away in order to keep any curl . I have n't used it more than once since I got it . Not very happy with this product .
 This curler is unusual in that it has a broad , flat heating pad , so it is diffult to manueuver your curl . The visuals displayed on this site do not portray this . I returned this product after finding it nearly impossible to use without taking a long time .
 I would not recommend this product . It takes a lot of time to heat up , and I hear that if you leave the batteries in then it will drain the battery juice , so it takes a lot of hassle taking out the battery after each use.Anyways , on my eyelashes , it takes so much time to have the heat fully penetrate the lashes and you have to swipe it along your eyelashes multiple multiple times , for each eye ! I personally do n't have time to do that every day unless it was for a special occasion and I spend extra time heating up my eyelashes . I personally would just stick to the traditional eye lash curler for now .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas-she loved it ! It did everything advertised ... for about six weeks . The heater stopped working , even though she tried multiple battery changes . Of course , the return date expired ten days before the product did ...
 I was losing eye lashes because of the eye lash curler so I thought this would do the same thing , Curl my eye lashes . Bascially it did nothing for me . I used it for about 15 minutes and tried to curl my lashes . Really did not work like your basic curler . I will keep it only because it is a pain to return .
 Bought this off of a friend 's recommendation . Was skeptical after reading some of the reviews on Amazon but decided to give it a try . I am always looking for new gadgets to improve my routine anyhow . Unfortunately I should have went with the other reviews that this does n't really work . This eyelash curler does not curl very well and I was so hoping to use heat to make the curl last like when I curl my hair for the day . My hair curls easily too but this tool is not easy to use . I 'm a girly girl so I 'm use to using all sorts of gadgets but this is just difficult to use and took too much time for so-so results.You have to angle it just right and lay your mascara on thick before using because of the heat it takes a lot of it off . The battery life runs out quickly and you ca n't use rechargeable batteries on it so it 's a waste of money if you use it a lot.I just made my own perfect heated eyelash curler since I was n't able to find a good one . I 'm back to using THE BEST eyelash curler my trusty metal curler by Shiseido . Now I heat up the rubber part of it for a few seconds with my blow dryer and wha la the perfect heated eyelash curler with lashes that last all day.I so wanted to return this but it works well at de-clumping . When I put my mascara on and some of my lashes get stuck together I use it to unclump them . Works great since it takes off excess mascara with the heat and separates each lash . I use it to comb out my lashes for that defined look and take off excess mascara so I do n't look like a raccoon.I highly recommend this product as a de-clumper but not as a curler .
 I love the look of curly eyelashes -- it makes my eyes look super-big and glam , like I 'm wearing false lashes , plus it gives my face an instant lift.My previous method for curling my lashes was to simply hit my metal eyelash curlerShiseido The Makeup Eyelash Curlerwith a shot of hot air from my hair dryer and that did the trick.However , it 's not always convenient to carry around a hair dryer just to heat your metal eyelash curler . With my busy schedule , sometimes I 'm forced to apply my make-up wherever I can , which turns out is not always in front my vanity or in my bathroom next to my hair dryer , or even near an electrical outlet.So , I was so psyched to find out they made electric eyelash curlers !!! What a neat invention , I thought.My first electric eyelash curler was much like this one : Talika Heated Eyelash Curler 1 ea.However , the brand I had did n't really get hot enough for a strong , long lasting curl . Plus , the casing of the curler was rather shabby , and finally it just went dead -LRB- at a rather inopportune time might I add , while I was at a resort and could n't buy another one and of course had left my old manual one behind -- ugh ! -RRB- . After that horrid disappointment , having suffered an entire romantic holiday sans curled lashes due to an electric eyelash curler I could n't depend on , I went back to using the hairdryer-on-metal method . I figured at least it could n't break on me at the worst time possible.But in my heart I often wondered ... was there a good electric eyelash curler out there?Then I saw this heated eyelash curler , and I thought maybe they had improved the tool . Furthermore , I read some reviews that the curler got really hot , which I thought would overcome one of the problems of my previous curler.However , I was sorely disappointed with this curler.It is shaped exactly like a mascara wand . Yes , it gets hot , but the whole concept is messed up . You have to manually sit there and push on your lash line , and then you have to keep going over the lash to warm it up enough to make it pliable , and then you have to keep holding it down , holding it down , holding it down ... oh Lord have mercy it 's all just too much trouble . And the curl really does n't lock in , because the curler provides no tension or crimping , and you really need the tension of the two hot metal surfaces squeezing the eyelash.The concept is just off and faulty . I kept the product because I really did n't have time to fool with sending it back and all that . So it just sits in my make-up drawer because I hate to throw something away that I spent money on . I figure maybe I 'll find a use for it one day , like to heat up some tiny object that is I do n't know what.And in case you are wondering , yeah , I 'm back to the hairdryer-on-metal curler method again , IF I 'm fortunate enough to be by an outlet . If not , I go without curled lashes -LRB- ai n't it a shame -RRB- . I saw Panasonic makes a more traditional-type electric lash curler , like the first one I hadPanasonic EH2331P Heated Eyelash Curler . I might try it again , but I 'll admit I 'm a bit gun shy , having been burnt -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- in the past.So I ask the cosmetics universe
 This is a terrible product . It did not heat up nor curl the eyelashes . I had to go and purchase a different one within 2 days . Would not recommend to anyone .
 I wish there was a higher heat setting because it 's way too low and takes FOREVER to curve my lashes . Wow . Horrible .
 I was in love with this curler it heated very well the first couple of weeks , but now it barely heats , and if I want to return it I have to pay the shipment . I 'm sooo dissapointed !!
 I bought this after reading the positive reviews but sadly it did not work for me . I do have thick eyelashes though but I would leave them under my lashes for 20 seconds to no avail .
 I would n't recommend this . Perhaps my eyelashes are too thick , but it never curled them . It is a neat product in theory , and not expensive , but it never worked for me . I ended up buying a heated one that is very similar to the non heated ones that clamp your eyelashes , and it would perfectly . I 'd recommend something like that . For me , this was a waste of money .
 I did n't like it , it never curl my lashes at all . I have long eye lashes but I wanted to make them curly . And I thought this would help , but instead it gave me a headache
 I ordered this hoping that it would be my new best friend . Boy , was I wrong . It did absolutely NOTHING to my lashes . I have long , straight lashes and it 's difficult to keep curls all day with the weighing down of mascara . I tried this curler before and after mascara . Did nothing before , and it did n't separate all my lashes naturally after . In fact , it clumped groups of eyelashes together . Do n't waste your money buying this useless thing .
 Did not work at all . I followed the instructions , tried with and without applying mascara , but it just does n't work .
 Do not waist your time and money , It will not grab the eyelash to curl stick with the classic style curler .
 I WOULD NOT RECCOMEND THIS PRODUCT PROBALLY WHY ITS CHEAP IS BECASUE AFTER THE SECOND USE OF THE PRODUCT IT NO LONGER WORKS ONLY GOT 2 USES OUT OF IT
 Small size , not as absorbant as it should , small for kitchen and useless for shower . Buy the larger size , better and cheaper.Too expensive
 I just bought a can of this `` unscented '' hair spray only to take it home , look at the ingredients list , and discover that `` fragrance '' is one of the ingredients . When I buy unscented items , I expect them to be unscented , not full of a stinky fragrance that will set off my allergies .
 Sprayer was messed up and would n't spray . Had to throw a full can away . Wo n't be ordering this online anymore . I also found it locally for $ 1.00 .
 This product may work for some but with my complexion my skin turned slightly orange . After using for about a week , my husband suggested I stop using it because my skin was turning orange . When others notice , then you know your skin does not look naturally sun-kissed . I discontinued this product immediately .
 Unlike the other reviews , it turned me orange , I sparkle like freaking Edward Cullen , and I smell like a wet dog . I am not happy with this product .
 I 've been using this for about two weeks and have n't noticed any change in my skin tone . I like the glow and the smell is n't bad , but my boyfriend even said my legs looked whiter after a few days use . I 'll be trying another brand instead .
 I spent an embarrassing amount of time searching for a sunless tanner for fair skin . I 'm a redhead with ghostly pale , freckled and pinkish skin , and I 've seen and heard too many horror stories of spray tan disasters . After looking in local stores , I could only find products for Fair to MEDIUM skin tones , which are unacceptable for me . This lotion appeared to have the best reviews for the best price . I agree with previous reviews that it does smell like soy sauce . OMG AWFUL !!!! But soy sauce is such an accurate description of the smell that oozed from my pores for the hour or so I waited for it to dry . The shimmer was too much for me . I 'm so desperate to get rid of my racerback lines that I would have been willing to overlook these flaws . However , after my first application -LRB- I followed all directions -RRB- , I turned orange and had major streaking . I 'm giving it two stars because it faded quickly with showers and because it 's not L'Oreal 's fault that my skin is not suited for sunless tanning . However , I would love to know if they develop a ginger sunless tanning line ... ?
 While I loved the color this gave me , the smell , oh the smell . My husband said I absolutely reeked , and that it stunk up the whole house . Unfortunately , I had to agree . This stuff smells terrible . If it turns men off , what 's the point ? I returned it and bought the Jergen 's version instead which has a much nicer , delicate , handcreme smell .
 If this is for a child ok , but it wo n't fit an adult . The beading is n't real either , it 's drawn on .
 Beauty encounters sent the wrong color I ordeded # 265 and they would not exchange the unopened product for the right color and I could not prove it because they never sent me a confirmation e-mail . Which led me to believe they do n't have it and it 's still advertised . I got a RMA code to retun it , sent it back 6/21 was told there would be a 15 % restock fee and still have not recieved a credit . I will never again do businees with them and have spread the word.Thx for inquiring , Alyson Tittman
 I have been using a similar product from Trader Joe 's but bought this product at a World Foods store which is nearer to me . This product is not as good as the Trader Joe 's Shaving Cream . The razor does not glide across your face as easily . I find that I have to go back and forth several times to receive a decent shave . This in turn leaves some irritation.Since we do not have a Trader Joe 's store near us in Florida I was glad to see that I could order their product here on-line at Amazon . I will not by the Alba product again.Trader Joe 's Honey Mango Moisturizing Shave Cream with Aloe Vera and Vitamin E for Men and Women
 This product was lovely . They added `` more moisturizing '' and now it stings my face.I will be trying and reviewing the unsecented .
 I was excited to find Alba Botanica for sale on-line . The product description sounded so good and so promising and so healthy . After purchasing and trying both the liquid gel in the tube and the foam in the bottle , I 'm disappointed . The most immediate turn-off is the strange scent . I do not like the strongly perfumed scents of most shaving products available in supermarkets and Wal-Marts , so these boutique brands such as Alba Botanica usually have a much milder , more pleasing , more natural fragrance . Sadly , Alba Botanica in mint-aloe has an unpleasant medicinal scent.The product does offer a hint of cooling effect upon application to the skin , but it 's not as effective at cooling and moisturizing as some competitors . In fact , my skin felt very dried out after using both the gel cream and foam style in the pump bottle . The best I can report is that Alba Botanica has attractive , stylish packaging.I was hoping that AB would be closer to the scent , performance , and appeal of Malin + Goetz Vitamin E & Menthol Shave or Head Slick Mentholated Shave . If you want an invigorating , icy cool shave try Malin + Goetz or Head Slick -LRB- by the Head Blade company -RRB- instead .
 The first thing that you need to know before reading my review is that I shave with a safety razor -LRB- old school 1 blade razor , not a cartridge razor -RRB- . I do not know if this product works well with a cartridge style razor such as a Mach 3 , but I can tell you that it clogged up my razor on the first stroke . I had to take my razor apart and clean it out before starting again with a different shaving cream.I realize from all of the 5 star reviews that most people are generally happy with this product , but I have noticed that the majority of the reviewers are women . Perhaps this product does a better job on the legs than the face . The reason I gave it one star is that it falsely claims to be shaving cream . It in no way resembles shaving cream at all , it has the consistency of Vaseline and does nothing to provide a smooth shave -LRB- for a safety razor at least -RRB- . It does have a very pleasing scent , but that is all I can say for it .
 Let me just say that this cream , for all you potential purchasers out there , is a lather-less cream . It will not lather at all and goes on clear . It did seem to moisturize , but while shaving it offered no help to let the razor glide over my face . The razor actually had more drag with this product than when using even the cheapest of the canned shaving creams . It did n't cost much so I ca n't be truly upset about my purchase , but I will not be using it again . For a wonderful product in this price range , check out the Kiss My Face moisture shave products . They lather up very well and offer a very enjoyably smooth shave .
 My husband usually uses Kiss My Face cool mint shave cream -LRB- which he has used for 15 years -RRB- ! His soooo very thoughtful wife thought she would make things interesting and give him an opportunity to try something new -LRB- bad choice ! -RRB- . He DID not like this product at ALL . It does not lather , he said it is like smearing toothpaste all over his face !
 The size of the mirror and magnification are exactly what I expected . However , the suction cups on the back are cheap and flimsy . If you are looking for a mirror with suction cups , do n't buy this one .
 This product did not satisfied me . My nails are worst then before . This is not worth the price . I do not recommand it .
 After reading many reviews I stocked up on this product . Should have just bought one . I have dry , brittle nails that peel and I thought with daily use this would improve . It is actually so moisturizing it made my nails very soft and prone to bending and breaking . This may work for some others but it did n't work for me.On the other hand , my cuticles were very well conditioned . I will use the rest of the bottles i bought on my elbows , knees and feet as a nice-moisturizer . As a moisturizer and cuticle softener , 5 stars . But if you want to strengthen nails specifically , it might not meet your needs .
 This product has such a strong and unpleasant menthol-ish odor that I will never use it . I do n't know what the offending ingredient is but I would not be able to have it on my hands for any length of time . In addition , I found the texture to be unpleasantly sticky . Maybe it really works , but unfortunately , that 's not for me to find out .
 The neck wrap does n't have enough beads it and it does n't stay hot for very long . Would not recommend to anyone .
 I did massage for a number of years , and have always wanted to invest in one of these myself . I was looking at the expensive ones , but this one seemed similar and okay for home use . The package came in a reasonable amount of time and was packed well -- not the shipper 's fault at all . The company that makes it however , puts A LOT of strong fragrance in there . I understand having a little lavender but I was gagging a little on the volume of it and the camomile . I followed the directions for microwave heating , but it has been a couple of weeks , and I use it twice a day . It heats up well still , but my god it stinks like burnt rice now . My kids have requested that I stop using it because it just plain stinks . The cover is still clean , and it only stinks after a re-heat -- but buy a higher quality neck pad with buckwheat or something if you are gon na need it for an extended time . Not spa quality for sure .
 It 's only rice ! does n't give you any relief.buy a pound of rice heat it up and put it on your shoulders , you are goin to get the same results for .50 cents .
 I really , really love this product.With the recent flu problem going around ... I was tired of people coming into the office sick ... touching things ... so I purchased bottles of this product and set them around the office . Everyone complained ... that it was sticky , stinky ... and basically rejected it . So ... there you go . My whole office hated it .
 The black plastic bristles break off because they become brittle immediately . Though I have used this only about three months , it is about half bare of bristles . -LRB- Those are also a lot of fun to pick up off the floor and counter . -RRB- I was surprised because the one I used for years was Vidal Sassoon , but this is just a cheap disposable curler .
 The seal on the cap was opened and much of the product leaked out during shipping . Would not buy from seller again . The scent is strong and smells just like rosemary . When used with the burner , it creates a nice scent throughout the home . It burns quickly and product is a bit expensive to keep having to refill burner .
 I am a lip gloss `` junkie '' & like to try lots of different brands . I have used other Revlon lip glosses before with good results but this one is a real `` stinker '' . The colors are weird looking , it 's sticky & goopy , & it does n't stay on longer than maybe a half hour & this is without eating or drinking . I hate it & I have a suspicion it will soon be discontinued . Wet N Wild lip gloss is even MUCH better than this crap .
 I had high expectations regarding Replenix since Dr. Bailey is so highly regarded . However , this product did absolutely nothing to reduce or alleviate my rosacea . I was mighty disappointed .
 the bottle I got was smaller then the bottle that i ordered . As you can see the bottle is already pretty small . So you can understand how upset I am to get something smaller
 At a fraction of an ounce , this is pricey to say the least . In my haste , I thought I was ordering an impossible to find sample of Channel for Men and not Pour Monsieur , which is its successor . Although Channel claims the two are identical , I doubt that since I was an avid user of the original for years .
 I have used this 4 times in the past month and have n't noticed a difference what so ever . I even left it on for 30 minutes , 10 minutes longer than recommended .
 This is a mud mask . . period . It did n't work any miracles for me and as expensive as this stuff was for the amount , I was expecting the holy grail of mud masks . I think I will stick with St. Ives from now on . It was just . . ordinary .
 Smells horrible , the packaging looked jacked up when it came in and it does n't last ... even if it could last the smell alone makes you want to take it off !
 I thought this would be a good product because it 's from Sephora . I LOVE Sephora products . But when I put this on , it was really smudgy , and almost globby . I was disappointed .
 The colors of these pencils are very pretty but they are very hard to apply . You have to press hard on your eyelid to get the color on . Also , they really pull on the eyelid . I wo n't re-order .
 I know these are cheap little pencils actually perfect for your purse but they do n't seem to stay on for me . I will probably stick to what I have been using in the past.thanks , TR
 The colors are very nice and true to what was shown on-line . The pencil is a bit too hard for a smooth application and it smears when my eyes tear . I tried using a powder over the liner to `` set it '' but it still tends to run . I would n't buy it again .
 The colors are very nice and true to what was shown on-line . The pencil is a bit too hard for a smooth application and it smears when my eyes tear . I tried using a powder over the liner to `` set it '' but it still tends to run . I would n't buy it again .
 I thought this would be a good product because it 's from Sephora . I LOVE Sephora products . But when I put this on , it was really smudgy , and almost globby . I was disappointed .
 The colors of these pencils are very pretty but they are very hard to apply . You have to press hard on your eyelid to get the color on . Also , they really pull on the eyelid . I wo n't re-order .
 I know these are cheap little pencils actually perfect for your purse but they do n't seem to stay on for me . I will probably stick to what I have been using in the past.thanks , TR
 This styling brush is a bit underpowered , but the far bigger problem is that the bristles are so far apart from one another hair just falls off of it ! Unless you have a LOT of long , thick hair , this tool wo n't work , and if you have thick hair , I 'd expect the weak heat/fan would be a problem . Double or triple bristles and the hair could actually stay on the brush , but as is , it just falls flat .
 This is the worst hair appliance I have ever used . It 's advertised as tangle free , but it took me 20 minutes to untangle my hair from the brush AND it pulled a bunch of my hair out . My hair is shoulder length , but I would not even recommend it to someone with short hair . It is cheap plastic and does not unwind properly .
 I do n't understand the reviews -- I 've used the Revlon and Conair Hot Air Brush for YEARS and LOVE how they work . But this one is SUPER weak and feels like something purchased at the Dollar Store . Seriously a piece of crap , I ca n't believe Vidal Sasson actually put their name on this garbage!RETURN !
 I ordered this hair dyer because I have had two before -LRB- which keep overheating -RRB- and could n't find the same on in any stores but have always liked it . When turned on It smells horrible !!! Like it has been stored in a musty basement for years !!!
 This is not quite a hair dryer nor a curling iron . If you want a little body after your hair is almost dry then this would be a good tool . I do have thick hair so mine takes awhile to dry which is why I may not be satisfied with this purchase .
 This product has not one good thing going for it . I would say that it at least blows hot air , but because of a short in the cord where it attaches to the handle it shuts off any time it is bumped.Upon that , it also does n't rotate , but instead has a &#34; release &#34; button to let the Barolo roll around once to help let the hair slide from the barrel . The bristles are also thick , hard plastic that is very spaced out . Being as such they do n't properly help guide hair through.No , just no .
 Not what I expected , just a curling iron w / bristles . Handle is quite fat , hair got tangled and the quick release did n't work as well . At one point , I had to pull the plug , and take off the brush portion to untangle my hair!Not using it very much . Hair definetly must be almost dry for this to work . Also quite noisy .
 I expected more from the Vidal Sassoon name . I really liked this styling tool until it started to over heat and shut off after about 3 minutes . My hair is not thick or long and I have only been using it for about 4 months .
 I got the impression that this hot air brush rotated all the time it was on or at least had a way you could get it to but it does not . Have been unable to find what I want in this item
 I used an adaptor , plugged it in and BOOM huge sparks every . this product is NOT SAFE and a WASTE OF MONEY .
 I have shoulder length thin soft curly hair and thought this would be a great product for me . I was so wrong ! I took a 2 inch section of hair and pulled down straight - worked ok , then silly me decided to curl my hair around the brush the way it was intended to be used . Boy I was wrong . My husband spent 20 minutes RIPPING my hair out of the thing . It was either that or cut it out .
 I really , really did try . Within 60 seconds of use , I had a burn on my hand and scalp . I followed all directions and recommendations here in the reviews . I am a gadget person and have several different types of hair styling devices . This one just does not work properly .
 This product is not very good for styling . Good for drying your hair but does nothing for styling .
 This Vidal Sasson Hot Air Brush stopped working right at 60 days . It sounds like a loose wire due to the intermittent start & stop action while using the brush . Unfortunately , it is a sealed system , so it can not be opened to inspect for loose wires . This brand name appliance should last longer than two months . Bought from Amazon , who has a 30-day return policy , which leaves us without recourse . This Hot Air Brush is not worth buying . I would give it no stars , but the system only allows feedback of 1-5 stars .
 When you use the hot air brush , it works fine for 5 minutes , it suddenly stops , then will not turn back on . It does n't matter which outlet , I have tried multiple ... There must be a short or glitch in the electrical system because it will turn on again after about 30 minutes . And , no it is not a breaker because other items electrical items will work just fine . Very , very annoying to say the least !! I would return it , but the shipping would cost me more money and I wo n't put another penny into anything related to this product .
 The first one received did not work at all so returned for replacement . The replacement arrived . On high there is almost no hot air coming thru , totally worthless . Do not recommend that anyone purchase .
 I was really looking forward to having this item , to shorten my `` ready '' time , as my hair is thick and takes a long time to dry . It worked great the first time I used it , although it did have a mildew smell . When I plugged it in the second time , it was totally dead . It never worked again , and it was n't worth sending it back . Beware ...
 I bought this brush because i wanted to play with curls and just the style of my hair . . sadly it broke after just the second use . material is cheap
 I love these brushes and was delighted to find themon Amazon . But they must have been packed away in a ship holdsomewhere before retailing as I have had two now that had the same strong smell ofmildew in their air output when 1st using them.This has largely dissapated over time but causes me to rate a VERY useful tool with three stars .2 nd review - more than a year later ! - Just bought two more of these through Amazon.I ca n't believe the smell that was there in the first order over a year ago is present inmy brand new brushes.VERY STRONG MILDEW smell that infuses my hair/the whole room with that odor.I 'm seriously thinking of returning them . Boo hoo ! because it 's a great tool otherwise .
 This works and is the right size , but after wrapping my hair around the wand , the `` tangle free '' feature did n't really work . I took it straight back to the store .
 Everyone was raving about this product so I was excited about getting it and was really disappointed with what I got . The dryer is really weak and it smells like plastic when it 's on . It is definitely not up to par with what it claims to be . If I had n't opened it the packaging , I probably would return it .
 I returned this item . I have thick straight hair and this brush dryer did not have the blowing power to dry my hair quickly . I 'm still using my blow dryer and a curling brush .
 I bought this based on the positive reviews and the price , but you definitely get what you pay for in this case . This dryer feels really cheap , like there 's hardly anything going on in the handle -LRB- on the positive side , it makes this really light -RRB- , but it does n't put out a lot of air or heat . It also gives off a nasty off-gassing smell even after using it multiple times . My hair -LRB- straight , fine-ish -RRB- has also gotten tangled in this as I 've tried to release the curl , and not just a little tangled , but ripping-hair-out-by-the-roots tangled . My husband even had to help me get it out of the back of my hair once.The few times I 've been able for it to hold and release successfully , it does leave a decent curl/wave on small sections of hair , but it 's not worth the hassle or the nauseating smell . I would have returned , but it comes in that horrible clamshell packaging that I had to destroy upon opening , so I did n't bother .
 This item broke when I used it only two times . Not good quality , and I probably need a larger roll , the brush was kind of flimsy and it would get tangled with my hair .
 The description for this product is completely misleading . The brush does n't rotate at all . I 'm not sure what `` rotating vented barrel '' refers to since nothing moves . I received one brush which did n't rotate so I contacted Amazon . They were very helpful and sent me another brush which also does n't rotate . I called the company to find out whether they were both defective or if the description was wrong . I was told that the brush does not rotate . Both Amazon and Vidal Sassoon were extremely helpful when I contacted them but I am very disappointed not to have a rotating brush . That being said , the brush does work on my hair if I manually roll it on . I have very fine hair . I do turn the brush on a few minutes before I plan to use it since it takes a few minutes to warm up .
 This product worked well but started hiccuping within 2 weeks of purchase . Within two months the motor stopped . Although it states to clean the lint filter , there is no access to the lint filter . Amazon 's return policy is within 1 month -- so I 'm out the $ 15 -LRB- Oct 2012 -RRB- . Will go to brick and mortor store for next purchase , return policy is better for products that stop working before their time .
 Unfortunately this thing did not work at all . Very little heat and the spinning part did not spin . Not worth the effort to pack up and return . I guess there is a reason why it was so much cheaper than similar products .
 Not hot at all . Just warm . Does n't do any styling , just barely leaves a wave . A bar dryer and brush work better !
 The only thing I liked about this order was that it only took a day to get here ! Down fall ... . DOES NOT work for all kinds of hair . I have very very thick hair and it would not curl or dry it properly without leaving it hard and damaged ! I have returned it and getting something worth my money . ONLY buy if you have very fine thin hair
 The Vidal Sasson Hot Air Brush styler and dryer has almost no power . It does not do the job . I do not recommend this item .
 This tangles in my hair if I am not careful . There is a handle release but once the hair is partially dry it becomes more difficult to detangle . When my hair is shorter it does okay with the curl but if it gets a little too long -LRB- my hair length is to my shoulders -RRB- then it does not style well . It does an okay job of drying . Not the fastest but better than my other hot air brush .
 Not only did this product not do anything beneficial , it actually made my hair look worse than if I had used a blowdryer and brush . It has no power and was a complete waste of money .
 I 'm returning this because it advertises as `` rotating , '' but it does not . You can unlock the brush to release curls made in a fixed poition , which is not the same thing as rotation . When I think of rotation , I think of a 360 degree rotation while running . That is what I wanted , and that 's what I thought I was getting . Very disappointed .
 I loved this tool . It really made styling my long thick hair easier , but it breaks in about three-four months . I bought a second one , and that brook in two months . I use it three times a week , and my hair is shoulder length . It really should last longer than this !
 I 've never written a review before , but I feel obliged to warn people . The very first time I used this , my hair got tangled so badly on the brush right up to the scalp that I thought I would have to shave my hair all off . Thankfully , my friend was able to cut the brush up into little pieces around the hair and save me from having to do that , but I still lost about two fists full of hair . This is by far the worst thing that has happened to me using any product I bought from any store . Just looking at its picture gives me nightmares .
 On my first try , I got so tangled that I spent 2.5 hours ripping hair out of the brush and still had to cut the thing out . If the product had n't been ruined by all this , I STILL would n't dare to use it again . I had a similar brush for years and never once had a similar problem . Stay away !
 It says `` rotating '' right on the package , but the only way it would `` rotate '' is by manually turning it around and around . Annoying , and not at all what I was looking for . If you 're looking for one that rotates for you this is not the one .
 ITS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED I BOUGHT IT BECAUSE IT SAID IT SPINS AND IT DOES NOT NOT HAPPY DOES NOT CURL MY HAIR EITHER
 I have used it for about a week now and it has Left My hair feeling flat And as if I never washed after about an hour or so . If it is thickening the actual strands I certainly can not tell .
 I used this shampoo and it makes my hair look thinner than the other shampoo i was using did . This seems to flatten my hair and I 'm just not liking it . Only bought it because it 's cheap and i needed a temp shampoo to use while i was waiting for the other one to arrive . It 's ok as a shampoo but I would n't buy it again .
 I travel a lot & need a good magnifying mirror to apply my makeup in the hotels . I had one that was about 6 '' diameter but it broke so I ordered this one . The description did n't state the size of the mirror -LRB- unless I missed it somewhere -RRB- but by the look of the picture I assumed it would be about the same size as my old one . Be forewarned - this is a very small mirror - more like purse size . I had to return it.The low rating is not a reflection on the quality of the product - just that it would 've been nice to have known in advance that it was very small .
 i am a profession hair stylist with many years experience using flat irons . i was very disappointed with this iron . within two months the iron started having issues with the cord causing the iron to go on and off . i feel this iron was not `` new '' but refurbished and definately not `` professional '' quality . the previous iron i was using was a `` infrashine '' which worked beautifully . i can not reconmmend this product from the seller i purchased it from .
 Several years ago , I purchased the same product . I loved it and used it daily . I dropped it on the floor and had to replace it . I chose the same model thinking they would function exactly the same . Unfortunately , the new infrashine does not live up to the heat and performance of my old product . I have been dissatisfied with this purchase and given the amount I paid wish I would have looked into the Chi or similar products .
 I bought this iron from a salon . I would n't buy it again . Within six months the adhesive on the plates melted , allowing the plates to fall out . I could n't find my purchase info so could n't do anything about the warranty . I reglued the plates using a high-temp adhesive which held but reeked at the higher temps required to straighten my hair . If that were n't enough , there appears to be a loose connection in the 360-degree rotating cord , and now I have to hold the thing `` just right '' in order to get it to heat . I am buying a new iron , and this piece of junk is going straight into the trash .
 Lovely by Sarah Jessica Parker for Women 1.7 oz Eau de Parfum SprayI think Amazon is terrific ; however I ordered parfum spray from a company who advertised here on Amazon ... what I recieved was a shimmer spray , not actual parfum as described in their ad . I called the company and explained they sent me the wrong item and thought it would be an easy exchange . I was told `` oh , we 'll research the issue & will get back w/in 24-48hrs . '' Over 48hrs passed and I followed up w/another call since I had n't heard anything . The woman chuckled and said `` we told you it would at least 48hrs '' ... not exactly true . But regardless , I explained the issue again and she indicated they probably never had the parfum spray to begin with ! I then asked about a refund . This employee indicated I would have to ship back the item -LRB- at their expense , thank goodness ! -RRB- and they would issue a refund back to Amazon , then I would have to wait for Amazon to refund me . I 'm still waiting , over 1 month later I 've seen no refund . Oddly enough my husband purchased purfume for me at Christmas time and the same thing happened to him , no parfum , just shimmer spray ! Since he did n't remember the company on Amazon for the purchase I had to keep the shimmer spray . Buyer beware of Tuccin which is the company I used .
 I 'd never smelled it , hope I never smell it again . Sorry Sarah Jessica , it 's not lovely !
 Smells like sweat , old men , and feet . I recieved it as a gift and was completely unimpressed . I do n't think i 'll be wearing this perfume .
 And it 's called `` Narcisso Rodriguez '' . Buy the NR , you 'll like it a whole lot more .
 I was warned by friends before that this smelled really bad , well I sprayed my whole hand with it anyway . The bottle is pretty , the gray ribbon tester is pretty , Sarah is pretty too but the scent is horrendous.It smells like some lovely old moth eatten socks under dust bunny attack.Im a fan of Sarah Jessica , but the perfume is totally off for me . I love floral and woody tones , but this just smells like dirt .
 Well i dint like the smell at all , i see nothing lovely about this perfum , if ur looking for a good perfume to give this holiday season , check out Fantasy by Britney Spears it smells so nice , or Curious by Britney thats a classic its a must give or have , J.Lo 's Live smells really nice too so if i was you i would rather not buy it if ur giving it as a present , or for urself its not really worth ur money !
 VERY strong , heavy scent , smells like old lady perfume ... tied to get used to it , used multiple times , still dislike ; -RRB-
 scent did not last at all . thinking it was more water then anything . Such a waste of money.so , i have decided to purchase frangance in stores .
 I liked her perfume Covet and with such a Lovely name I purchased this item hoping for the best . It is a very strong flowery -LRB- orchids ? -RRB- old lady like perfume . If that is what you are looking for get this fragrance .
 I bought this based on the several positive reviews . Really , I dislike this perfume . It was a waste of money for me and could n't bear to use it more than twice . I 'd never buy it again .
 I ordered this product but I do n't believe this was worth the money and the cost of s & h was too high ...
 This review is more regarding the seller who sold me a defective product than the product itself . Normally this is a gel that works great and keeps my skin clear . However , I purchased this from BeautyEncounter and it turned liquidy in 2 months . I contacted Murad to see if this was normal and it is not . They told me that it would only turn watery if exposed to extreme heat or cold . I kept the container in my bathroom in the undersink cabinet - thus no extreme heat or cold conditions occurred from my actions . I 've had other bottles of this that have lasted 6 months or more without turning into liquid . The seller would not accept returns and made no offer to compensate me for the defective bottle that was sold to me . That said , I will not be purchasing from them again and will make sure to order directly from Murad where an item can be returned for up to 60 days .
 This product will destroy your face . I used it for a week and my face got a lot worse . If you have sensitive skin I would recommend you not to buy it.Get acne free , that stuff is just like proactiv but cheaper . Stick wit proactiv or acne free those actually work .
 I have no Idea why it picks who it wants to work for . It was the WORST **** I ever used on my face . I was having a bad forehead breakout so I used Murad because it was for sensitive skin . Well The next day I had three big pimples on my cheek . I had not ever had big painful pimples , but I had fell for it will get bad before it gets better . Well they hit it on the nose for getting bad but it been two months and I have had a new pimple everyday from tiny to huge . I usually heal quick but for some reason some of the pimples leave marks even if you do not touch . I have enough . EVEN a handful of members agreed on ACNE.ORG . I wish I did my research maybe I would have seem the lawsuits that they have had for the **** .
 do n't buy it , this makes my acne much more worse than before , why it 's allowed sell such poison , i really wonder .
 i had slight acne before i started with murad . I had tried other products like proactive and skin ID but they never fully got rid of my pimples . So then I tried murad at first it seemed to clear everything up then after a month i started to get big red pimples on my face i had never had anything like that in my whole life . But instead of just going away it got worse and worse , I even started to notice that i had blackheads.I had not seen blackheads on my face since i was a teen . Even though i have stopped using murad for about two weeks it 's damage is still being done . my face has those big red pimples all over it and some are still coming up because of the blackheads . The healing process is taking longer then i am use to seeing and as it heals it is itching like crazy . All i have to say is buyer beware .
 I have tried everything under the sun to clean up my face . Been using Neutrogena 's 3 step acne process sold in drugstores and has worked really well . But i wanted to see if i could find something that cleared up my skin 100 % . I was getting some pimples here and there with Neutrogena 's stuff and just wanted to see if i could find something a little better . Did research online to find a good product , felt hopeful with customer reviews of Murad on here . Spent way too much money on Murad products , bought the cleanser , the spot treatment and the moisturizer and after 2 weeks my skin exploded into a field of acne so bad that my face hurt just to touch it . I 've never seen my skin so bad . Needless to say , i quickly returned back to Neutrogena and already my skin is getting back to normal after just a couple of days on Neutrogena . Very disappointed since i blew about $ 80 on all the Murad products . Neutrogena only costs about $ 36 in the drugstore for the 3 step system and lasts for a long time . Tossing my Murad products in the trash , unless someone wants to buy off me . = -RRB-
 I was using proactiv with ok , but not perfect , results . My friend recommended Murad , and since I respect her , I bought 2 kits -LRB- one for me and one for my sister -RRB- wasting about $ 200 . It did not work for either of us , and made my acne much worse . My face was red and felt like it would explode . For some people it 's better to use products with benzoyl peroxide -LRB- which is not in the Murad products , if I am not mistaken -RRB- .
 I bought this product when I had mild acne and occasional breakouts . At first it cleared my skin but after a few months of use , I started to breakout realllyyy bad , I have n't had such breakouts before I used this product . My cheeks especially . I do n't discourage you from buying it , but I do n't think it 's for every type of skin obviously . Mine was a little oily but not too bad .
 They should not be allowed to sell this stuff . If you only have moderate acne do not buy this ! It caused major problems with my skin . Horrible experience .
 There are alternatives to this mascara . Cover Girl is made by the same company as Max Factor and every MF product can be found in an alternative CG product . $ 50 for this mascara is ridiculous and out of the question . You can buy Chanel for cheaper than that !
 If you 're used to Sebastian Shaper Plus making your hair behave the way you want it to you will be disappointed in this product . For whatever reason the company decided to change the formula and it is no longer the hairspray we all knew and loved . You will do better buying something much cheaper than buying this current formulation . Why do companies always have to change things that work ? If cost is the issue then for pete 's sake just charge more - do n't take away a tried and true product !!
 I 've had the same results with shaper plus . They 've definitely changed the formulation , as is the case with so many things so many of us have been using forever and loved . I changed to Tigi Bed Head Hard Head and really like it a lot . As I have short , fine , limp hair , I mostly use it on the underside of my hair and near the roots , manipulating my hair as I spray , with just a small amount on the top , or outside layers of my hair . I also dry my hair while bending over with my hair hanging down towards the floor aiming the dryer at the roots , then I turn the dryer off , staying bent over until my hair cools . This really helps it look like it has more volume than it does so it 's not just lying flat against my head . Oh , the things we do to get our hair to behave ! LOL ! I really like Hard Head by Tigi a lot . I purchased it at amazon this month for $ 12.47 with free shipping . Shipped by Kaufman Fragrance . I 'm inserting a link below to the same one I purchased.TIGI Bed Head Hard Head Hair Spray , 10.6 Ounce
 I have purchased Sebastian Shaper plus from other non-salon retailers before with no problems . This product is a fake because it has a completely different fragrance and it does not perform like the original Shaper . Do NOT buy it from this site !!
 I have used Sebastian shaper plus hairspray for many years , and have always loved the soft hold . The 3 cans I ordered from amazon did not hold in any way , shape , or form -LRB- no pun -RRB- like the cans I purchased from local salons . Even the smell was different.I was very disappointed with the results ! Perhaps that 's why these cans are $ 6.00 less than can purchased at salons .
 After finding out that Sabastian did indeed change the formula of their Shaper Plus hairspray , I contacted the company and was given this explanation . They said that SOME states have put a limit of ` Volatile Organic Compounds ' that can be used in their product ... something like from 80 % to 55 % ... so they had to decrease it in order to abide by the new guidelines . However , due to popular demand , they are putting it back on the market at the beginning of the year in the states that will allow the higher percentage . My state ... Florida ... happens to be one that will allow the old formula to be sold ... thank goodness . I would encourage anyone who is interested , to call and find out what their state will permit . 800-935-5273Good luck !
 Sebastian 's Shaper Plus has been the only hair spray that works for my fine , limp , stick-straight hair . That is until they changed the formula from 80 % to 55 % . I have only two cans left of the original Shaper Plus and after they are empty will need to find a substitute but so far , that 's not going well . I 've tried several brands and nothing works as well as 80 % Shaper Plus . This product went from a five star , unbeatable product to a one star run-of-the-mill hairspray . Buyer beware ... this is not the Shaper Plus of the past so do n't buy it unless you have the kind of hair that can handle a very light hold .
 I have used shaper plus hairspray since 2000 and have loved it , but they changed the formula . It does n't work at all . Now I 'm trying to find a haispray that works like the old shaper plus .
 I have been buying Sebastian Shaper Plus Hairspray for YEARS ! I have thick , coarse , wavy hair . It smoothed the frizzies , I could hot-tool-style with it , and still brush it out . Yeah , I tried it with the formula change and ... hate it . It 's just an ughy hairspray now . -LRB- I really hate the smell , too . -RRB- I ordered whatever I could find of the old formula , as long as I could , through Amazon . After many trials of everything from cheap to super-expensive , I think I finally found a replacement ! Frederic Fekkai Sheer Hold Hairspray . Personally , I do n't think it brushes out quite as nicely as the old Shaper Plus , but at least I get that smooth/no frizzy hold . The price on Amazon is comparable to Sebastian Shaper Plus . I picked up a 5.8 oz bottle locally , but I 'm going to order the 11.6 oz on Amazon . If anyone else tries it and likes it , please let me know !
 I 've been a user of Sebastian Shaper Plus hairspray for many years and have loved the product . Recently the look of the can changed . I was assured by the salon I purchase the product from , that the change was in the look only and that the formula was the same . NOT SO ! If you look at the ingredients , there are many changes to the formula . This new hairspray is garbage ! I have to use half a can to get even a little bit of hold and when I go out in the wind or the humidity it loses the little bit of hold it gives altogether ! So disappointing ! If this was an inexpensive product it would n't be so upsetting but I pay close to $ 20.00 a can . I 'm so upset to have lost the only hairspray that actually worked with my very difficult hair . The hunt is on for a replacement ! Unfortunately I do n't think it will be a Sebastian product .
 OMG !!! what happened to my great shaper plus !!! It used to hold through wind storms , rain storms and blizzards ... now I barely get out of my car in the morning and my hair is in my face !! as usual everyone has to mess with perfection !! I did ' t like the New Coke either . . well , off to the Dollar Store to find something better !
 I 've have used Shaper Plus for years and love the OLD formula . The new stuff does not work and is not worth the money . I was getting the old Shaper Plus for about the last year thru Amazon , but now when I order it they are sending the new stuff , even when the picture is showing the old can . I wish they would bring back the old formula .
 First of all I ordered Sebastian Plus and received Sebastian -LRB- not the Plus -RRB- . They shipped the wrong product . I decided to keep it because I have used the plain Sebastian as well as Sebastian Plus . If you have used any any Sebastian formula you will be disappointed in this product . For some reason the company decided to change the formula and it is no longer the hairspray I loved . Companies should never change a formula that works . If cost is the issue then charge more - do n't change the formula and take away a great product that works . I own a small business and would never change items that my customer 's love and order all the time . Quality of the product you are selling , repeat business , and word of mouth is what matters when you are selling anything .
 I always buy this product but when the can changed its appearance so did the spray inside the can . It no longer holds my hair at all !!!! Ca n't wait to buy something new ! do n't waste your money on this product in its new formula .
 I used to love this product but the formula has changed and it now makes my hair stiff . I also hate the smell now . I just ca n't use it anymore . Has anyone found a good alternative ? I bounce around from one brand to the next but have not found another one I like as much as the original Shaper .
 I purchased 3 cans from a local authorized retailer and quickly discovered that there was something wrong with them . I called the number on the can , told them they were bad and they said to exchange them at the retailer . I did that and the 3 new cans I got were exactly the same . No hold , No humidity control . I called again and this time the person I spoke to told me that the CO2 content had changed therefore the formula is different . She said they were getting lots of complaints and recommended trying Wella Dynamic Fix Hairspray.I have been using Shaper Plus for 20 + years and was very upset when this wonderful product had changed and no longer works at all .
 terrible product didnt do anything will not buy at all ... wasted my money ... dont buy this product ... i had no change in my skin condition it felt like i was applying water on my body no action or reaction ... poor didnt work for me ... my opinion . .
 The seal on this bottle was broken , and the bottle looked cheap and filthy like it was sitting on the shelf for years.The spray was no more effective than locally bought at the grocery store with the same ingredients.The bottle could spray upside down , but that 's the only positive thing about this overpriced medicine I can think of .
 I received the product on time and the packaging was fine , but the bottle does not spray . It does not work and I am unable to open to poor into another bottle .
 It all started about a month ago . I was bored , browsing youtube . Somehow I started watching videos on how to get rid of acne . Eventually I stumbled across a video that described this murad spray as basically a miracle . I was a bit skeptical then I came here and checked out the reviews . I was happy for two reasons . One , a lot of reviews say they bought this for 40-50 bucks , and I bought it for $ 25 . Second , everyone said it works ! Well , not for me.Let 's start off with the good . The bottle is a miracle in itself . You can spray at any angle , and unlike other sprays , it really works upside down and does n't start getting leaky and losing pressure . It does n't smell bad at all , you can breath . Some products gives you a burning sensation but this one does n't . This one actually makes me feel a cooling sensation , so that 's interesting , however since it 's winter , it makes me colder . But let me say this . The product did n't do ANYTHING for me . I think the only thing it did was lighten up my face a little MAYBE -LRB- I sprayed my face 2 times with this -RRB- . Did absolutely nothing for my back and chest . I did spray a lot , and it did n't dry my skin at all . The product is pretty much empty , and combined I 've used it for probably 10-15 days.But , had I not bought this , I would not have found out about another product . I came here to write a review a while ago , then read another users review , that basically wrote how I felt . It does n't work . The user said he used ` Glytone ' and I looked it up . It looked good , so I bought it . I have been using the glytone spray for 10 days now , and all the light acne I had on my body is GONE ! The acne that has been on my body for 2 years , GONE in only 10 days !! a miracle . The darker acne on my body is starting to lighten up , and I 'm sure it will be gone within another 10 days , and by the next 20 days , i 'm sure my body will be spotless . I do use a lot of it though , 10 days and I 'm left with 1/4 of a bottle . However , the spray is the same price as this Murad one , and has twice as much liquid in it , and is 4x as powerful . I could n't recommend that product any more.Good luck in your acne battle
 Some people have reviewed this as working for their skin , but I think its too basic and week.The acid level is only 0.5 % . This level might actually be better for people with sensitive skin , but if you often use 2 % or higher sylical acid , then this product is over priced.-Have been using it for 2 months with no improvement !
 I have moderate to severe back/body acne . I 've used this product as directed , starting off with one application and working it up to 2-3 times daily but have n't seen any improvement . It does have a ` cool ' feeling on the skin that 's really nice but it has done nothing for my acne problem . Not a very happy customer !
 This product did n't help clear up my acne on my back , in fact it made it worse ...
 I thought I 'd try this instead of the Glytone 2 % Back Acne Spray . It does n't work on me , but I 'll keep it for an astringent.I had to buy the Glytone ... that clears up my back acne right away .
 After reading all the reviews I thought I 'd give this product a try as I 've had quite a few breakouts lately . After several uses , it does n't seem to have done anything for my skin . Waste of money for me : - -LRB-
 I bought this because Luca Turin , the Emperor of Scent recommended it :[ ... -RSB- I did n't like the small at all . I 'll go back to 99-cent-a-bottle Suave .
 I bought this from the this vendor and I do n't think the product was the real thing . To top it off , they do n't accept returns .
 Just threw out my third half-full can that was unusable due to a broken nozzle . I love this hairspray but am switching to L'Oreal Elnet because I 'm tired of wasting money on product I ca n't use . Sebastian needs to fix this problem .
 When I ordered this product , I assume that I made an error and clicked on the items next to the one I wanted which was the Sebastian Shaper Plus Hairspray . I received the wrong product which was the regular hair spray . I emailed the company and they said I could return it `` at my leisure '' . They signed for the package on 5/12 by someone named Simon and as of today 5/20 there is no refund on my credit card . I would like to know how much longer my refund is going to take as I have already ordered and paid for the shipment of the correct hairspray . Any assistance you can provide me would be greatly appreciated as I am now at $ 130.00 out of pocket for hairspary.Thank you - Chris Bissell
 I 've used Shaper hairspray for many , many years and when my local store stopped carrying it I decided to purchase a few cans from this online store I found on Amazon . Shaper is the best and only hairspray I will use but unfortunately this particular product is just not the same . Have they reformulated ? I do n't know but I wo n't order this again .
 I used to use this hairspray and really liked it , but it seems different now . I do n't like the fragrance and it is sticky , so I ca n't move my hair after I spray it . Will not buy this hairspray again .
 The formula for this hairspray has changed drastically to comply with new regulations . Sebastian should be ashamed of trying to sell it under the &#34; old formula &#34; - it has zero hold - it is nothing like the previous formula at all.This purchase was a waste of $ 38 . The labelling should indicate that the formula has changed . Shame on Sebastian !
 Merchant falsely advertised that shampoo was LITER size -LRB- 33 oz -RRB- and I received only 12 oz bottles . Monetarily that means with buying 5 liter bottles and receiving 5 12 oz bottles that I am now paying almost 3 TIMES the price per ounce . Merchant would n't honor price advertised on a per ounce basis and told me to return them . HUGE INCONVENIENCE WITH NO COMPROMISE FOR THEIR INCORRECT DESCRIPTION !!!!
 I tried this at least 10 times before I just gave up on it , it 's awful . It has a pleasant feel on the skin and it feels hydrating , but if you put it to close to the eye it stings . Which is ridiculous , because it 's an eye cream . So I tried not to get it too close the next times I used it ... this cream migrates and every time I end up tearing up and crying because it stings soooo much ... So no thank you .
 I order a regular comb from this seller and shipping charges were n't shown until after I paid and I was charged almost $ 9.00 shipping for an item that i purchased for under $ 1.50 . And on top of that I received the wrong item item and I ca n't get my shipping cost back for their mistake . Worst transaction ever !!!!!!!!!!! And product looked cheap !
 I have been using this about 1 month . I use the body cream as well . It smells chemical like , and I am not seeing any results at this point . Very expensive , I could spend $ 8.00 at the drug store for a product that does the same ...
 I have used Murad products before and have been very happy with them , but this product has a terrible smell and I am not going to use it . It also does not have a smooth consistency . I do not recommend this product to anyone .
 The flat iron Barely got warm . I sent it back . I purchased a Remington Keratin Therapy iron instead . It 's great !
 I 've been using Murad products for about a year now and find them to be very effective in repairing my skin . I 'm 52 years old and have the usual -- some age spots , a few surface wrinkles , large pores , and loss of elasticity and , of course , redness -RRB- . Their redness therapy is n't as luxurious and I do n't notice any change in the redness in my face . Save your money .
 Will I have red spots on my cheeks . so I thought this will help but unfortunately i was wrong . The good thing about it that it will keep your face nice and soft . But i will not remove or even reduce the redness on your face.So No i will not buy again and I do not recommend to anyone .
 Sheer , nearly poreless , coverage . Easy to apply , great ingredients , improved my overall skin quality . Does not , however , hold up to perspiration . Although I 'm 55 & wear it daily , so does my 15 y/r daughter ! We both are very picky about our cosmetics & Shat-It is agreeably the best .
 This is an awesome concealer , the best I 've found , and I use it every day . So this rating is in no way a reflection on the product . This rating is all about the price . Why on earth would anyone pay $ 34.50 for this concealer when you can get it on Estee Lauder 's own website for $ 20 ? Whoever is trying to sell this thing has obviously not done their homework .
 I do n't understand how this product can be so expensive ... I bought it for a friend , so I really do n't have any experience with the product itself and it probably does n't help that I 'm male and therefore do n't really see the apeal in such things anyway , but that being said , I would wager you could find something similar and much more reasonably priced at your local walgreens.What you think you 're getting from this product is 99 % just in your head . Your better off spending thirty bucks on something else , maybe one of those starbucks refillable gift cards ...
 This product is $ 20 on the estee lauder website . Love this product , have used it for years . But at least do n't overpay for it !! Do some homework , you 'll see .
 Great concealer . However this vendor charges $ 34.99 when you can purchase it from Nordstorm and have it delivered for FREE for $ 22.00 -LRB- I do n't work for Nordstrom -- just shop there -RRB- PLUS the estee lauder website also sells the product for the same price !
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 This product was supposed to smell like heliotrope . It was n't even close . It smelled like cheap dimestore perfume . It 's now in the trash .
 I was hopeful for this to help cleanse the chlorine off my sensitive skin . I did not want to give up swimming as part of my fitness plan . I use this in my first wash , and then have to use regular soap to get the chlorine smell off . It did not seem to help my skin irritations or wash away all the chlorine .
 I bought this product in the hopes that it would remove the darn chlorine odor . I used the product as soon as I got out of the pool . I washed with it several times during that one shower , and when I finished , I still had that awful chlorine odor . I 'm very disappointed with this product .
 I got this from my hubby when he was deployed . God Bless him.I really liked the vanilla body wash and the poofie but that 's about it.The shoes where too small , I never use the wooden scrubby thing , but most off all the basket smelled like fresh lacquer.I think I would have liked it a lot more if the basket did n't smell so bad , I had to take it outside the whole house smelled so bad .
 There are better sulfur products out there that are paraben free . There is no need to slather that dangerous stuff on your skin .
 the `` clean burst '' on this floss is really little waxy flavored flakes that come off on your hands & teeth . it turns into a slimy mush on the floss as you are trying to floss your teeth , making it unable to get a good grip on the floss . do not recommend.i only gave it 2 stars because it still works as floss if you 're in a pinch .
 No item . Yo no he pedido este item y no he recibido nada , alguien me puede explicar por que tengo que calificarlo ? Al menos envienlo para devolverlo si no lo quiero .
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 The bottles I received were not factory sealed by any means . I sent an email to the seller asking for more verification of authenticity or a refund . I am awaiting a response . Depending on her response , I will update my review accordingly .
 I do not believe it was `` sealed '' in Europe , as it was not sealed at all . It 's not a product used by hair salons . A total fake and waste of money ! Needs to be reported to Better Business Bureau for cheating customers out of their money . I intend to do it ASAP !
 I agree with other users about the integrity of this product
 I ordered the Eucerin Original Moisturizing Creme , price is $ 18.99 for one 16oz container . I DID NOT order the Eucerin Original Healing Soothing Repair Creme , price is $ 19.94 for TWO 16oz containers . But what I received was one 16oz Eucerin Original Healing Soothing Repair Creme . I WANT the 16oz Eucerin ORIGINAL MOISTURIZING CREME . But since this is a third party , Amazon can only refund my money and have me return the item . They can not have the item replaced . I 'm afraid to order again because I 'm concerned that they will again just send me the cheaper item even though I ordered the more expensive item . The item arrived timely , but what good is it for the wrong item to timely arrive ?
 This product is n't any better than regular nail polish -- in fact , it may be a little thin . I use OPI on my own nails and should 've just stuck with that -LRB- or got some cheap , fast-drying stuff from the grocery store -RRB- . I thought that it would go onto my dog 's nails a little thicker and dry a little faster . My puppy licked it off in no time . Unfortunately , not a win .
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 I just recently bought a set of these and they will be going back to the store . I have long , really thick hair and it was next to impossible to get my hair rolled up in them . On the few occasions I did get my hair into them they would end up popping open.I 'm not sure if someone with a little less hair would have any sucess . When I did manage to get them in they worked fine . For me , at least , it is just too much of a hassle to get my hair rolled up with them !
 I really wanted to like this Kit . Compared to buying everything separate , the kit price is great . And I 've always heard great things about Zirh and their products , so I decided to give them a try.Kit includesShave - Cool , non-foaming shave gel.Clean - Foaming gel face wash.Correct - Light , vitamin enriched serum.Protect - Lotion.Immediately I had an issue with packaging . Clean , comes in a big metal -LRB- read , non squeezable canister -RRB- . Takes forever to come out of the bottle , almost like an old glass ketchup bottle . After about a week , i transferred everything to a squeezable travel bottle , problem solved.I have oily skin , and the thing is , this Kit made me feel great after every use . I felt like I was getting a better shave , clean face , serum felt great , and lotion was n't too heavy . So as far as use and feel is concerned , no complaints ... for about a week . Then I noticed I was getting a lot more pimples than normal . OK , so maybe my face has to get use to this new routine , so I decided to give this a full 6 weeks of use . Nope , unfortunately , broke me out . I would n't recommend the entire kit and routine for people with oily skin like me , and honestly , I 'm not sure how it would be if I say , cut out correct , or protect , or use a different face wash . But for now , I 'm going to have to stay away from this kit .
 Ordered this item on Jan 19th 2006 , it hasnt even been shipped yet apparently . I ordered it along with a Book on UML which was supposed to be shipped out in 1-2 days which hasnt been shipped out yet either . Did n't expect this from amazon .
 Unlike Bronner - smells like chemicals - not clean . Wake up and read the labels .
 I thought it would be a great shampoo but the texture and because it does n't really &#34; soap &#34; up on hair you have to add more than regular to get it going . I found that JASON sells a better tea tree shampoo .
 I was not impressed with this shampoo at all . It really dried out my hair and made my scalf itchy . The conditioner from the same line did n't help either .
 What a scam ! Im so tired of purchasing products that claim to be Organic , just to find out they are NOT !!! If you look towards the end of the Ingredients list it contains Olefin Sulfonate !! For those of you complaining of dryness that is why my friends !!
 I bought this model because I was curious about ceramic tiles and wet to dry styling techniques . I set the temperature -LRB- as per the instructions -RRB- but it did not straighten dry hair well , so I raised the temperature which works better but also causes more heat damage . So I have been reluctant to try it on wet hair . It does however make hair strands shiny and that is a plus . I am going back to my Hot Tools flat iron -LRB- model # 1190 -RRB- which I have used for six years because it 's a great product .
 This is a horrible straightener . It frizzed my hair and dried my ends . Do n't buy . But the ghd , it 's worth the money .
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 1 . FRIZZY HAIR2 . Must use LOTS of it to clean hair -LRB- due to sucky lathering -RRB- .
 I have tried lots of natural hair washes and conditioners over the years , but none of them can really compare to the good chemical brands . They are really in two different classes . If I compare this product to other natural brands , I would say it is about average and nothing special . It leaves my hair heavy and tangled , not light , brushable and bouncy . I went back to Pantene and put this in the Kiss my Face in the guest bathroom.Comment Comment | Permalink
 This shampoo smells great and is about as chemical free as it gets , but after washing my hair and rinsing it for an eternity , my roots are sticky . If I brush my hair , I have a hard time getting the brush through the roots , and the ends are fluffy , frizzy , and not at all `` manageable '' as advertised . They feel nice , but nobody is going to run their hands through my hair when the top is matted with grease and filthy looking . If I put my hand there , and pull it away , strands are literally stuck to my hand . If my hair is dirtier AFTER washing it than BEFORE , what is the point ?
 Overpriced . I do n't know if I love it but I do n't hate it . Seems like a good brush but totally not seeing how it is worth the $ $ $ .
 I ordered this product along with several other similar products from other companies at the same time . I received all of the other products from the other companies but I never received anything from this one . I emailed the company -LRB- Rocky Mountain Soap Factory -RRB- directly thru Amazon and did not receive a response .
 I ordered this product along with several other similar products from other companies at the same time . I received all of the other products from the other companies but I never received anything from this one . I emailed the company -LRB- Rocky Mountain Soap Factory -RRB- directly thru Amazon and did not receive a response .
 This is a pretty junky curling iron , although I did n't have problems with the locking mechanism like the other reviewer did . But , it is pretty ineffective and , after just a few uses , the ceramic coating started to flake off into my hair . -LRB- I actually bought 2 of them , one for home and one for travel , and they BOTH are flaky -RRB- . I have very dark hair , so it looks REALLY bad when the light-colored ceramic flakes off into it ! Gross !
 I bought this on a whim after my old curling iron finally bit the dust . I figured it was a good deal being a `` 2-in-1 '' straightening iron and curling iron . I tried it out the next morning and well ... it was a mess . For one thing , when you plug it in and turn it on , there 's a smell akin to burning plastic that quickly fills the room . I tried to `` lock '' the straightening iron in place so I could curl my hair , but the lock would never work . So I figured , well , at least I have a new straightening iron ... so wrong . The plates have a large gap between them when you try to clamp them onto a strand of hair , which did me no good at all . I ended up wearing a ponytail , frustrated and a little nauseated from the overpowering stench . Do not buy this junk ... period .
 The colors are very nice and true to what was shown on-line . The pencil is a bit too hard for a smooth application and it smears when my eyes tear . I tried using a powder over the liner to `` set it '' but it still tends to run . I would n't buy it again .
 I thought this would be a good product because it 's from Sephora . I LOVE Sephora products . But when I put this on , it was really smudgy , and almost globby . I was disappointed .
 The colors of these pencils are very pretty but they are very hard to apply . You have to press hard on your eyelid to get the color on . Also , they really pull on the eyelid . I wo n't re-order .
 I know these are cheap little pencils actually perfect for your purse but they do n't seem to stay on for me . I will probably stick to what I have been using in the past.thanks , TR
 The nails do not stick , they fall off and they do n't stay in place when applied . The regular kiss nails are much better and look pretty and natural . When I did thr dishes the nails where in the sink and I put my hair in a pony tail and the nails came off . Total waste of time and money . Do not buy pre glues nails .
 I did not receive the item because they did not get the correct address and was charged for the shipping .
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 This Fragrance doesnt last . I was shocked because it is sold by Amazon.comBut , under the metal bottle frame there is a hole with a hidden rubber plug . I think these bottle were counterfeited and refilled with dilution.THe smell disappears in about 15 mins
 I 've been using Euphoria for over a year now and I 'm very well acquainted with its scent . This is the first time I 've ordered it from Amazon . Cologne arrived this morning ... became wary when I noted the cologne itself was more opaque in the bottle than the original ... soon discovered it smelled more like RAID than anything -LRB- not an exaggeration -RRB- . Not sure what this is , but its certainly not Euphoria . Assuming its a knock off ? Avoid at all costs unless you want to smell like a bug exterminator . Very disappointed .
 I 've had this issue before from using eBay . I have an old bottle of Euphoria that was bought from the mall . I sprayed one pump on my right wrist and a pump of the new cologne on my left wrist . The smell of the cologne that I bought from here did n't last anywhere near the amount of time that the older genuine bottle I had . I ca n't prove that the new bottle is an fake but it has an strong rubbing alcohol smell to it and it does n't last at all.I would n't risk buying expensive cologne for a bargain again , to say the least .
 The fragrance disappear way too quickly . I bought this as a gift and actually asked by the recipient whether or not it was real or fake . Bummer ! I had to question myself too . Sorry to say I do n't know if I can our chase cologne/perfume from amazon . Guess i will be stupid and shell out the $ $ $ at Macy 's and &#34; convince &#34; myself into thinking its the real deal .
 We have been ordering this cologne from this seller for about a year , maybe more . My husband loves the scent as do I , and every few months we would order a new bottle . Shipping time was efficient and it smelled great.This last time , however , the smell was watered down and lasted only about half an hour where as the bottles we have received in the past lasted him all day . We even compared an almost empty bottle with the new bottle and the scent was distinctly watered down and even a little different.Amazon , however was quick to refund us upon hearing our complaint . Not sure what happened but now we must find a new seller , which is unfortunate because we were happy with the quality we received in the past .
 This cologne smells great and seriously only lasts about 3 minutes . I have never had cologne where the smell goes away in 3 minutes !!!! They should call this cologne - `` 3 ''
 I purchased the tester version . I was told that buying a tester would be much better since the manufacturers add more of the concentrate to appeal to potential buyers . I had purchased other testers and I would say that it 's true . However , not with this item . It does not last more than 15 minutes ... I am even thinking I purchased a fake item , but I have no way to prove it . I guess I am paying the price of buying online ...
 Does n't smell the same as the bottle I got from Macy 's . Not sure if it 's real !
 Its always good to take sample packs first then buy some thing bug as the above . Every one have different choices and smell likes and dislikesI wont write any thing about the smell i feel but will advise to try it at a perfume store first them buy from the site ...
 CK 's Euphoria is such a disappointment . It smells great but lacks all the other qualities a good cologne should have namely Projection -LRB- how well others can smell it on you -RRB- and Longevity -LRB- how long it lasts -RRB- . Euphoria fades away after about 1 hr and you can maybe smell a small trace on you if you hold your nose right up to where you sprayed it . Nobody will know you are even wearing it unless you reapply every hour . I have never had this problem with another CK fragrance , but this is the common complaint about Euphoria . With the competition out there this one does not measure up .
 My wife purchased this for me from Macys . It smells great , for about 30 minutes . Then there is simply no trace you 're wearning any cologne whatsoever .
 First time I tried this , I thought . . `` This could be it '' ironically that was `` It '' , the `` top notes/first scent '' of this cologne are really pretty good , but after about 30 seconds to a minute ... the `` dry down/base notes '' begin ... and the cologne becomes super weak and resides to close to the skin for anyone to notice , unless they are already into you ... It 's really only a cologne for winter months .
 This cologne sucks . It smells sweet and synthetic . After about 10 minutes , nothing is there . Although the bottle is nice . Never again .
 I have bought this lipstick all last year until it was discontinued . After finding it on Amazon I was excited . The truth is this is not even a close color match although it is labeled exactly the same as my old one . The true color is a light pink rose color -LRB- rosewater -RRB- and what I received is a coral . The texture is , however , the same . Was so disappointed in the color .
 The suction cup kept failing , causing the mirror to tumble to the shower floor . The mirror broke free from the base and is barely attached now . Also , the `` fog-free '' part doesnt work , as the mirror clouds up rather easily . Save yourself the frustration and do not buy this item .
 I purchased this trimmer for my face and chest hair primarily . I did n't need to use any of the attachments , since I desired the closest trim possible . That being said , the clippers tended to pull at the hair , and I had to go over the spots previously shaven a few times before I was satisfied . I can not say how this shaver would work for haircuts , but I ca n't imagine it would be any better . Spend more money for a better shaver . It 's worth the investment .
 Did n't last very long once i took it apart to clean it never went back the way it was and later stopped cutting all together
 You 'll need new blades soon , but REMINGTON wants you to buy a new unit , so REMINGTON DOES NOT SELL NEW BLADES.OK , so I bought a Newer MORE EXPENSIVE Model , with SELF SHARPENING BLADES ... It lasted for FOUR HAIRCUTS - then the motor locked up . ! # @ $ * & ! Just a fluke , right ? So I called ` customer service ' ... WHAT ? THE WARRANTY IS JUST THIRTY DAYS ??? WARNING
 It does not work as smooth as the one I brought from Japan , but it works.However , after exactly 9 months , it stopped working . I do n't even have a `` contact seller '' button to complain .
 It 's really cheap - It comes with a great sort of accessories but the main unit is really worthless . It worked for 3 or 4 hair cuts and it started running really slowly , like 1/10 of the normal power ... I just threw it away and got a good quality clipper.You get what you pay for , I think . You ca n't expect a really good quality item in this price range . My advice is to pay a little more for something with a better quality so you do n't need to buy it again so soon .
 The one I received was not sharp . Used it on straight hair and it did not cut well . It tugged and pulled at the hair even though the hair was short . I guess I just got a bad one .
 First off the `` lube for life '' blades are complete bull , after 8 or 9 uses they started catching on my hair so I oiled them up . If you do n't oil them you 'll end up pulling all of your hairs out instead of trimming them . The `` reduced vibration '' also becomes nullified if you use them more than 8 or 9 times . Once hair starts getting inside the blade and motor assembly the thing becomes a mini diesel engine . For those that might use this maybe a couple times a year and clean it out after each use these might be a good choice otherwise I 'd go with Wahl or Andis .
 I purchased 1 remmington about 3 years ago that lasted me a long time.so when that one broke , it was obvious i was buying another remington.Well just like the two other bad reviewsI had the SAME Problem , the little tabs that hold the combs inbreak after 2-3 uses . I was so disappointed after the first time the little tab broke , but decided what the heck , i 'll buy another . thinking I 'll be really careful . 3-4 uses later SAME THING . I cant believe i own 2 brand new remington hair trimmers . WHICH ARE NOW USELESS TO ME . I 'm gon na switch to another brand for now until Remington gets their act together . Avoid this product for now . Very Disappointing
 I purchased this set to keep my hair cut , as well as my nephews , and brother . The tabs on the smaller combs broke off on the second hair cut and now this is useless as they do not sell replacement guides for this set.I have never been disappointed with Remington before this but , unfortunately this has colored my opinion .
 The clipper itself is excellent . Smooth , quiet and efficient . The combs - the parts that come with the clipper in general - are absolute trash . Rather than making them of a relatively soft -LRB- as in flexible -RRB- plastic , they made them with a brittle , hard plastic . Every hair guide comb that clips onto the trimmer has very small tabs which break if you look at them cross-eyed . I now have a trimmer that 's only good for doing hair Vin Diesel style . I do not look good that way . Neither does my wife.The replacements are $ 5.99 plus shipping and handling . That total , with tax , is $ 14.36 . The unit itself costs $ 14.95 . Both are from the Remington website .
 As far as clippers go , this one is n't worth the space in my garbage . Immediately out of the box the blades are really dull and even going over the scalp several times does n't cut the hair . Thankfully we got this on sale at a local store so we did n't waste too much money .
 I honestly wish I had a video review for this clipper . My boyfriend got this from his Mom yesterday , his hair was about an inch and a half long . He 's been shaving his head for over ten years . He read the instruction booklet , let it run for a minute and started to attempt to shave his head . The first shave started to pull the hair out and his scalp was bleeding . He did a few more clips and it continued to rip the hair out . I even tried to cut his inch and half long hair with scissors so it was even shorter . Even at half an inch the shaver was still ripping out hair . It claims that it is self sharpening and I have never seen a blade so dull ! I ca n't believe someone inspected this product and thought that it was actually sell able . My boyfriend 's head is covered in red spots and cuts from the hair being ripped out.THIS PRODUCT IS A PIECE OF GARBAGE !!!
 I really like the electric trimmer and still have my old one I bought four years ago . However the new style plastic attachments that are included are almost worthless . The ones I received had a limited number of ` fingers ' or extensions that extend from the trimmer which can cause an uneven cut . I primarily use the 1/8 & 1/4 inch attachments which only had three to four extensions .
 Plain and simple ... JUNK , JUNK , JUNK !!! Do n't waste your money on this item . I used it once and it worked great . I just used it for the second time and it would even cut short hair . I went to file a return and the return window expired on Jan 31st . I guess it is true that you pay for what you get . Remington was a good brand I thought .
 At the beginning everything was great the clippers cut well , but after a year it hurts when i cut my hair it pulls hair and you have to go back and forth on your head like 40 minutes to get a good cut , If you want to save money go for something better , I am thinking about throwing them away and getting one with better quality .
 I started with the 1 '' guide comb , the clips on that broke so I switched to the 3/4 '' , when that broke I used the 5/8 '' , but now that 's broke and I am not going to use the 1/2 '' , it makes me look like a drill sergeant . To think I bought the Remington instead of the Vidal Sassoon because I thought it would be sturdier . It 's built for very delicate users .
 My husband shaves his head with these and they never get all the hair on the 1st pass and he has to turn it off after 5-10 mins to let it cool down before he can finish cutting . It get soooooo hot ... so he says . Shopping for a new one now .
 I can not recommend these clippers to anyone.For the money , of course , I did not expect a barber shop style cutter.I have an old pair of `` cheapies '' that have lasted me a long time that cost about the same , but they are great.These cutters are cheaply put together and the plastic `` bites '' into your skin with very sharp edges . Also the metal itself , if exposed , will give you a nice slice.The whole apparatus us clunky and not very well put together , I am afraid.Like I said , I did n't expect a master-series set of blades , but these are more Fischer Price than any of the 4 different sets of clippers I own.Don ' t waste your money .
 I bought these a few months back and after a few cuts the 1/2 '' guide broke . The guides are made of brittle , crappy plastic . I switched to the 3/4 '' and it broke while I was putting it on . I have cut my own hair for the past 14 years and I 've never had a set of clippers break so easily . The other ones I 've owned have at least lasted a year or two , but this one is only a few months old . I just tried , last night , to use the 3/8 '' -LRB- I think it 's the 3/8 '' , I 'm angry now so I do n't care -RRB- and it broke too . This is a junk product , Remington continues to sell it knowing it 's junk , so to me that company is worthless . I have much better service and products from companies on Amazon that I 've never even heard of . Do n't buy this product
 After four haircuts , the blade was dull as can be . Invest in a more expensive product , One gets what one pays for .
 Description induced me in error . I wanted a product for the beard and not hair . Returned the product and replaced it by Model PG360 .
 I have been cutting my son and husband 's hair for a number of years with the same pair of clippers - just cheap ones ca n't even remember the name of them . They got lost in the move and so I had to buy a new pair - so along I trot to Target and come back the the Remington . I seem to remember Remington being a class brand - OK mainly from ads in the 70s and 80s but still a household name right ? Well , the first time we used them the blades did n't move at all until I shook the unit a little , then they did and my poor husband jumps out of his chair like I 'd stuck him with a red hot poker saying/screaming `` they pull ! '' . Being married for 25 years I just told him to shut up and stop being a wimp - a couple of weeks later I come to cut my 10 year old son 's hair and he ends up crying and flinching like it is an instrument of torture , which in effect it is . Poor husband - fancy his wife not believing him ! I end up cutting my son 's hair with scissors and the comb we use for grooming the dogs - tomorrow will see us likely at the local barber shop getting it put right . Not only does it pull , it also cuts inconsistently - and hey folks I know I am no Vidal Sassoon but I can do a buzz cut with a pair of shears like a pro . The poor kid honestly looks like I cut it with the kitchen scissors , which I did because the scissors in the kit are as blunt as the actual shears.A complete waste of money - upgrade to a better unit or pay a barber!You have been warned - my family have now turned against me and my son has put the shears in the recycling box . I am told it will take many brownies to make up for the pain -LRB- the son not the husband he - being married for 25 years - has come to accept the pain -RRB- .
 This is saddest set of clippers I have ever owned . The clippers have no power , when you turn them on you ca n't even tell they are on . They fell apart the first time I used them , luckily I 've had clippers before and knew how to put em back together .
 I admit I have n't used these types of things before but the blades do not cut well at all , the combs are crappy . I am just not happy . So I am returning it in the hopes that I can find one that works better . Even with my little experience
 We 've owned this cutter for about 18 months . The guide comb clips break after 2-3 uses . They 're made from sharp edged , brittle , hard plastic.That Remington continued to sell this model without remedying the flaw should be adequate warning to potential customers.The clipper unit itself has been very good with my fine , thin hair . It is quieter then other units we 've used.I looked for a kit with `` nylon '' comb attachments when I settled for this - I 'm still on the lookout for one .
 I ended up here because I was looking for replacement combs like many others . After reading the reviews , I am going to shop for a new clipper instead . My tabs broke on two different combs . And do not believe the maintenance free pitch . I had my son in tears with the first hair cut until I lubricated the cutting blades .
 I have been shaving my own head for almost 20 years now and this is by far the WORST pair of clippers I have ever used.Here are my list of reason why i dislike it so much ... 1 -RRB- Ripped hair follicles out of my scalp . The 3-4 times I used this product , my head was left bleeding and sore .2 -RRB- Huge pain to clean out the clippers themselves .3 -RRB- Huge pain putting the clippers back together after cleaning . Extremely annoying to align the blades while trying to reassemble .4 -RRB- The sectioning clips are cheap as could be . Broke one on the second use.You are better off spending a few extra bucks and getting yourself a better quality pair of hair clippers . Avoid at all costs . Would give negative stars if I was allowed . -LRB- NOTE
 The machine cuts but it feels like the motor is too weak to handle the work , I got this machine to save money but now I know that was a serious mistake it 's better to dish out the extra 30 or 40 dollars for a machine that can handle the load .
 Have you ever seen video clips of the military barbers shaving heads in few a few sweeps ? well using this clippers is the exact opposite . After cutting into about an inch of hair , it stops cutting . If you go to fast you end up pulling your hair out.Hit does work , but just barely . you just have to really take your time , and even after doing as thorough a job as I could , upon close inspection there are still a few stray hairs that escaped the blades.If you are only looking to cut your hair once or twice a year and do n't want to spend a lot , then this might be for you . However , I would recommend against it . Spend the money to get a decent clippers , and in the long run you will be better off .
 If you enjoy ripping your hair out rather than trimming it , this set is for you . I , however , prefer a pair of trimmers that actually work . In the trash they go .
 The attachments have this tiny , thin , plastic tab that is suppose to hold them on to the cutter . Try putting on an attachment a couple of times , and they all break off , rendering the attachment -LRB- and the entire kit -RRB- useless . Save your money and avoid like the plague .
 Goldwell website claims this is ONLY sold to select salons and distributors . Amazon is not one of them ? I am so sick of getting these type of items `` fake '' . Why ?? These are huge jugs of product but if you look at the bottles the label comes right off -LRB- label is plastic , stick on that includes codes , evertyhing -RRB- . You could easily put these labels on any old bottle of shampoo/treatment . There is NO WAY to know if these are real or authentic . Bottom Line .
 BEWARE ! Not all Bath Addication/Spa Sister products are created equal , and you 're in deep trouble should you not be satisfied ! I bought some turbans -LRB- 1 good , 1 flimsy and crummy -RRB- in North Carolina but did n't open them until I returned to Texas . When I called to find out where I could exchange the unsatisfactory one , I was told I had to return to the place of purchase ! Incredulously , I asked them if they actually expected a retail customer to go half way across the country to return a $ 9 turban ?!?! They would n't provide a Texas retailer contact and continued to insist that it is company policy .
 I thought this would be a good product because it 's from Sephora . I LOVE Sephora products . But when I put this on , it was really smudgy , and almost globby . I was disappointed .
 The colors of these pencils are very pretty but they are very hard to apply . You have to press hard on your eyelid to get the color on . Also , they really pull on the eyelid . I wo n't re-order .
 I know these are cheap little pencils actually perfect for your purse but they do n't seem to stay on for me . I will probably stick to what I have been using in the past.thanks , TR
 The colors are very nice and true to what was shown on-line . The pencil is a bit too hard for a smooth application and it smears when my eyes tear . I tried using a powder over the liner to `` set it '' but it still tends to run . I would n't buy it again .
 I used this fragrance and approximately 2 hours later it had worn off!I have bought the same Prada elsewhere before , so I knew that this Prada I bought from Stores123 was watered down.This perfume was refillable and came with an atomiser . I could see how Stores123 watered the perfume down , due to a removable cap to replace with the atomiser , perfume can be poured out or something poured into the bottle.To charge almost $ 85.00 for this perfume and for it to be watered down is disgusting!I suppose Stores123 employees thinks consumers are dumb and just may not know , what they fail to realize some consumers like myself have had the top quality of this product before.I asked for a refund , but before I did , I intentionally doused myself with this perfume again to have made sure I just may have used too little the first time , and it was still the same result . I was offered $ 50.00 back . I insisted I wanted a complete refund . The man from Stores123 told me they were offering me $ 50.00 because I was going to get to keep the perfume!I told him he could have the perfume back -LRB- it 's a policy for stores to not accept liquids back for safety and health reasons -RRB- . I was told by him that he would have to talk with his colleagues about the full refund.Now when he tried to bargain with me , I knew immediately watering down this perfume is exactly what they had done ! I would n't pay $ 35.00 for this watered down perfume!I would have to say , anytime a refillable bottle of perfume is purchased , you 'd better get it from a high end reputable store and or know and trust who is selling it , because there is the accessibility to remove or add a product like water to dilute the product.I did get my entire refund -LRB- I have to say the employee was nice and professional the entire time I requested my refund , still being nice and professional does not change the fact Stores 123 staff are underhanded and sneaky -RRB- . I will not buy from Stores123 again and unless Amazon removes them as a vendor , no one else should buy from Stores123 because they try to swindle customers by intentionally selling inferior products .
 This actually made my acne worse . When I switched from Cetaphil to this product , I went from very light acne to moderate acne . Cetaphil was actually better for me .
 In my experience , Nivea is one of the best products for skin care . However , I was greatly disappointed after trying this wash . My main complaint is that it dried out my skin terribly . Maybe my skin is too sensitive , but it took a few days to recover from the redness caused by the wash . It made my skin blotchy and irritated . Other face washes seem to be more gentle , even ones with medication in them . However , the smell is pleasant . Bottom line
 too oily ... like lotion ... . cant get rid of oil in my face . . not recommend this product ... get lever 2000 soap much better
 I thought this would be a good product because it 's from Sephora . I LOVE Sephora products . But when I put this on , it was really smudgy , and almost globby . I was disappointed .
 The colors of these pencils are very pretty but they are very hard to apply . You have to press hard on your eyelid to get the color on . Also , they really pull on the eyelid . I wo n't re-order .
 I know these are cheap little pencils actually perfect for your purse but they do n't seem to stay on for me . I will probably stick to what I have been using in the past.thanks , TR
 The colors are very nice and true to what was shown on-line . The pencil is a bit too hard for a smooth application and it smears when my eyes tear . I tried using a powder over the liner to `` set it '' but it still tends to run . I would n't buy it again .
 I do not know . I think I just do not like the feel of this product on my face . I have worn it a couple of times and can not get use to it .
 i 'm a dude so i just want light sunscreen protection for my face ... this stuff fails and gives me hives ! Stay away ... or buyer beware !
 I am very disappointed with this buy , because i received a half empty tube , dirt and dried up lotion all over it and the box . It was sold as `` New . '' It EXPIRED 4 month ago , in August 2010 . I do n't even know if it was refilled with something other than alba lotion . So go figure .
 I bought this yesterday . It sounded good . I put it on this morning to wear under my make-up . I do n't like the smell . I thought , oh well , I 'll use it until it 's gone , anyway . I have been able to smell it all day here at work , and it did n't take long to bother my eyes . They have been irritated all day here at work . I did n't put the lotion on any closer to my eyes than usual . I am so looking forward to going home and washing my face ! I 'll ask around , and see if anyone I know would like to try it . They may actually like it .
 I never recieved my shipment from them . I tried contacting them several times and each time got a generic voice mail . I left messages requesting a call back and have not gotten one .
 I bought a tube of this years ago , and loved it . I got another tube this year for Fathers Day , and -- I do n't known if they changed the formula in the time since -- but the new one goes on almost sticky . If you use a brush it will not build a lather , and all of the lotion will stay in the bristles . If you use your fingers , it goes on tacky , which is the exact opposite of what a shave lotion should . If you add a little water to your fingers , the lotion does n't stay on your skin . It smells nice , but I 'm switching back to the Trader Joe 's or the CO Bigelow 's .
 Definitely a day cream . I was hoping I could use it as a night cream . But not moisturizing enough for winter . Scent is really strong and gives me a headache .
 Simple does not work . Maybe I received a unit that does not get hot enough or maybe it has something to do with the plates , but the product did not straighten hair . I have had many brands and irons over the years and this was the worst . Either way there is not a heat setting to adjust so for me this was useless . I ended up returning the product .
 I never recieved my shipment from them . I tried contacting them several times and each time got a generic voice mail . I left messages requesting a call back and have not gotten one .
 Waste of money . Did not do anything for my hair that a $ 1 product from the grocery store could have achieved . Wish I had thought to send it back !
 I thought this would be a good product because it 's from Sephora . I LOVE Sephora products . But when I put this on , it was really smudgy , and almost globby . I was disappointed .
 The colors of these pencils are very pretty but they are very hard to apply . You have to press hard on your eyelid to get the color on . Also , they really pull on the eyelid . I wo n't re-order .
 I know these are cheap little pencils actually perfect for your purse but they do n't seem to stay on for me . I will probably stick to what I have been using in the past.thanks , TR
 The colors are very nice and true to what was shown on-line . The pencil is a bit too hard for a smooth application and it smears when my eyes tear . I tried using a powder over the liner to `` set it '' but it still tends to run . I would n't buy it again .
 I never recieved my shipment from them . I tried contacting them several times and each time got a generic voice mail . I left messages requesting a call back and have not gotten one .
 I purchased this scalp liquid because I bought Psoriasin Ointment and that worked like a charm on the areas I could easily access . I thought that this would more easily handle my scalp above the hair line . However , I found that this product only helped to temporarily reduce itching and did relatively nothing to reduce the other symptoms . The point is that although Psoriasin makes both products , their healing qualities differ greatly .
 I bought this for work because I was in great need of it . It began to lose a tight grip on its moving parts quite quickly . The final flaw was the fact that despite the surface area apparent and available , the mirror was attached to the handle by solder less than a millimeter in diameter . The mirror twisted right off during the course of normal use , not rigorous in any way . I liked the large size of the mirror , but it was very poorly constructed .
 The handle on this is plastic with a coating that makes it look like metal . The handle was broken when I opened the box , which is too bad because the mirror was the size I needed .
 You will likely regret it . The first time I used this extension mirror , I pulled out the extension link , and the inner extension section pulled right out of the outer tube . The build quality is extremely poor . That includes both the mirror itself -LRB- super thin glass -RRB- , the way the mirror is barely attached to the metal backing/holder , as well as the thin tubing of the handle . -LSB- I reinserted the inner section , patched it with some duct tape , and will get some use out of it . But this is truly a piece of junk . -RSB-
 I returned this the same day it arrived . It 's flimsy and poorly constructed . The mirror is loose in the mount and wiggles back and forth . The tang that attaches the ball joint is poorly welded . This thing wo n't hold up for one inspection , let alone several .
 As a structure inspector that has used several mirrors before , I was excited about the product description for this mirror . Telescoping , swivel head , large mirror , and decent enough looking quality were enough to get me to fork over $ 10 for this mirror . When I got the mirror however , Totally disappointed . This is essentially a bent metal box with a piece of glass floating in it . The mirror is loose , and there are no soft stabilizing products to hold the mirror in place . The mirror is just a rough cut piece of glass , there is even a nick in one edge . ONE OF THE EDGES IS EXPOSED . From my knowledge , the easiest way to damage/break glass , is to apply pressure to one of the edges , so an exposed edge will decrease the longevity of this mirror if you are not careful . Overall , it feels very cheap and poor in build quality . On the plus side , you could probably cut a new mirror and replace it yourself if you find it breaks prematurely.Pros : Replaceable mirror for a handymanCons : Poor Construction Quality , Cheap materials.I most definitely would not order another one or recommend this to a friend .
 The search for a good natural mascara continues . This does have few ingredients , but includes propylparaben , which received a high -LRB- bad -RRB- rating of 5 on the environmental working group
 This is one of the worst colors . It is supposed to be cocoa but it is very red . When you use it as eyeliner , as my husband put it , it looks like I have some kind of eye infection . It went right in the trash .
 I bought this item , which I thought was a little pricey for a pencil , because I was having allergy problems with my eye makeup . It wo n't go on my lids . It 's also very flaky . I 'm disappointed and would not recommend it to anyone . It was not worth $ 13 . Thanks , Carol M
 I read all the reviews for this item before I bought it and saw only one person who said it was not as advertised -- that it was as hard as a colored pencil . I should have listened to that one review and ignored the others . It is not soft , by any definition , and is unusable as eyeliner . Waste of money .
 this pencil is hideous . all you reviewers must have been paid to give a good review - this is NOT a soft pencil - it is hard and the color does n't go on without a lot of pressure . i could have bought a similar item at the drugstore for about 3 bucks ! it 's like the colored pencils i used when i was a kid!since i tried to use it , i 'm stuck with an almost $ 15 pencil that is not at all as described .
 Sorry folks , received pencils - tested them all - did n't like em - not soft , do n't go easily on , difficult to spread , hard to control - expected more . Ca n't be the only one - do n't see a lot sold . This is the difficulity of purchasing items on line ; did n't bother to return them , most people do n't .
 I 've been in the process of switching all skin care products to all-natural/chemical free , and wanted to try a `` eco '' mascara . It is OK - goes on easy , does n't clump ; but it does n't really look like you are wearing mascara and adds zero volume or length . It made my eyelashes separated and more defined , but that 's about it . I had to use four coats to make it even look like I was wearing mascara -LRB- I usually use one coat of a Stila mascara -RRB- . So in summary - its good if you just want definition and a natural product , as long as you do n't care about volume or length .
 I suppose most &#34; natural &#34; mascaras wo n't work as well as the chemical laden stuff , but this is a real waste of $ 11 . It smears on your eyelid as you put it on , then looks like you 're wearing nothing at all .
 Too sticky and it clumpy on my lashes will not reorder , it also came off if my eyes teared and was expensive .
 Beware of &#34; cocoa &#34; ! It is really red - just what I need on my already reddish eyes . But it is well made , so I am saving it for lip liner or for Halloween.If you are looking for brown , the bronze is a light brown , and the seal is dark brown.I do think &#34; cocoa &#34; is a misleading name . Wish I had known , as it was the first I ordered .
 The problem with it is that any time I try to sharpen the pencil , the whole point breaks off . Get 's expensive when you lose an inch or more after trying over and over to get a point !
 I ordered the cocoa eyeliner and it is really a bright copper color , not the brown color it appears to be on the website . I will try to send it back.The pencil seemed a little hard , I 'm going to go back to my Honeybee 's eyeliner . They have a much better natural gluten free product .
 This product might be vegan-friendly but when they say it 's `` pure '' how to they explain the use of two parabens in the ingredients ? I was searching for a natural , non-toxic mascara and this came up somehow . Watch what companies say and what they put into their products , because this is still an unregulated industry . The word `` pure '' does n't mean anything , neither does `` natural . '' You really have to look closely .
 No where on the description does it explain that this is merely a pad that goes inside a compact ... which is not included.I feel ripped off . I am able to return the item but despite being a Prime item , I have to pay return shipping charges .
 I feel bad giving a hippie mascara a bad review , but this mascara makes my eyes itch , and it 's runny , and smears a lot , and feels like it 's never completely dry .
 ... but this mascara is nowhere near as wonderful as the rest of the Ecco Bella line . Maybe it just is n't meant for use during summer temperatures , since it smudges so easily . After a few hours , it looked as though I 'd badly applied black eyeliner -- but it was just the mascara coming off . I now wear bareMinerals Big Tease mascara , which not only does * not * smudge , but is also free of the parabens found in this Ecco Bella formula .
 A few weeks after a milestone birthday this winter , my previously oily acne prone skin became dry , flaky and I noticed a very fine line on my left cheek . I live in New England where the harsh winters wreck havoc on our skins . Horrified I threw out my salicylic based cleanser and moisturizer and bought this hydration cream hoping to regenerate my degenerating skin . I would slather it in the morning at 8 am and it would go on smooth and my skin would look shiny . But by 10 my skin would feel tight , look flaky and show white patches . Yet the only time I spent outdoors was two minutes to get to and from my car !! I was so desperate to believe the consumer reports that I carried it with me and kept on re-applying more but my skin never improved . I was very disappointed in this product because it does not do any hydration at all !! I bought it specifically to moisturize my dry skin and all I got was a strong face perfume -LRB- it has a very strong smell -RRB- . I am desperately looking for a cream for my dry skin , for now I am using Olive oil !! . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I was really excited about trying this new lotion because my skin has been a bit dry . I 've used other Olay products without ending up with such severe reaction . First of all the smell is too strong , nice but too strong for the face . It feels as if you 're putting perfume on your face , yuck . One day after I started using this I ended up wtih multiple tiny bumps -LRB- milia/clogged pores -RRB- around my chin . The next day my face broke out in larger zits . These did n't have white heads , they were just red raised bumps that looked like small/medium sized bumps . My face burned and itched because of these bumps . . I have really good skin so this really scared me . It looked horrible like I have problem skin . I took Benadryl but not sure if it really worked . Its been two weeks and they 're still there . Tiny bumps are gone but breakout on my cheeks is still there . I used glycolic acid products to accelerate exfoliation and I think that 's working a bit . I suggest you do a patch test for a couple days before putting it completely on your skin .
 I have NEVER had sensitive skin and have tried well over 100 different skin care creams , serums and treatments in the last 15 or so years . I have even been using Olay Touch of Sun daily moisturizer for months with no ill effects . BUT - the Regenerist Deep Hydration Regenerating cream is HORRIBLE . I used it once in the morning and once again that night . The next day I had little bumps covering my neck , forehead and temples . It has been 4 days and they are still there . It looks like lizard skin at the moment and I have never been more horrifed . My upper lip even swelled in the center . DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT - ESPECIALLY IF YOU HAVE SENSITIVE SKIN .
 I ca n't believe I used this product and did n't do my research ! I research EVERYTHING before buying and just figured I 'd save about $ 20 by getting this cream ... I now have a red bumpy rash all over my jawline and neck and I have great non-sensitive skin . It is starting to itch , what the heck do they put in this stuff ? I thought -LRB- similar to another 's review -RRB- that the bumps in the beginning were just part of the regeneration process . . but they wo n't go away . I am tossing this product immediately and strongly recommend that you do NOT buy it under any circumstances .
 I have always used Olay face wash and I have always loved it ! That said I have been using Olay Regenerist night cream , mico-scuplting cream and serum for a month now and am just figuring out that it is the probable cause of my recent bad skin issues . I have always had good skin -- a few little pimples here and there that are always hormonal , but since using this stuff my skin is the worst it has ever been . I have tiny little bumps all over my face -- cheeks , forehead , nose , chin -- they are not zits and they are skin colored or red . When I touch my face it feels rough and uneven and I am self conscience about it . I feel like for the first time I have bad skin and feel like I have to put on a lot of foundation to cover it up . My sister uses the same product and has n't had any problems , so something in my skin is reacting to an ingredient in the product . I still love Olay , but I would say you should be careful with this product . I have found several people online having the same issues . I am going to give the rest of it to my sister and find something else for me . I guess it is n't for everyone -- hope you do n't have the same problems!Good luck --
 The product felt wonderful on my face and neck , but I noticed it smelled a little &#34; too &#34; good . After two days of use , my face was broken out so much that I looked like I had hit puberty overnight . If fragrances do n't irritate your skin , you may be fine , but I 'd look at purchasing another product if you 're prone to breakouts . I took some Claritin and quit using the cream , my skin was pretty much back to normal after a few days . I have some latent irritation , though , on my neck .
 I used this product for two days and I woke up to a swollen , bumpy , burning skin . Day two still the same , a little less burn . I will never use anything like this again or anything from this company . I look terrible and feel awful .
 I sure wish I 'd read these reviews before I purchased the cream , although because my skin is not sensitive I probably would have felt that my skin would n't have the break-out reactions experienced by others . When I first applied the cream , my skin felt great - velvety and well-protected . Within 15 minutes , however , my face began to itch . Within two days I had red bumps , some little white heads , and a blotchy complexion . I discontinued use two days ago and my skin is beginning to recover . Who knows what they put in this stuff , but I highly encourage folks to avoid it - or at least test it out before purchasing .
 This product was touted to be such a superior facial cream . After using it , my skin did not look or feel anydifferent than before . It did not feel at all moisturizing and was very disappointing . It 's fragrance wasabysmal . I am only happy that I did not pay full price .
 This was a great price . The saying goes , you get what you pay for . This package came in pretty rough condition . Even looked a little dirty ! The bottle was backwards in the packaging . Well I used it . After a little while my face was all broken out ! I 've used this for years , I still do . I threw this stuff out !!! Whether this was counterfeit or tampered with , I do n't know . DO N'T buy this ! Buy it at the store !!
 I have been an Oil of Olay user for decades , I 'm 61 , and with very dry skin in last few years I tried this just recently . After 3 coats of this I still had skin so flaky it was very visible.I went back to my Nature 's Gate herbal moisturizer which seems to work better than anything I 've found so far .
 Everyone reacts differently , and this product made me break out . I would test it out on a small patch of skin to see how you react .
 This product is terrible - the scent is much too strong for a product that is used on the face . I did n't get it anywhere close to my eyes , but 2 minutes after using it , my eyes started to itch , burn and swell so badly that I had to take an antihistamine and put ice cubes on my eyes to get the irritation & swelling to go down . I am going to call Olay to get my money back .
 I 'm tired of spending big $ 's on other products and really wanted to like the Regenerist product line but it does n't work well on my sensitive skin . Leaves my skin blotchy and it did n't even feel like I applied any mosturizer to my skin after applying this cream and the serum . That is something given how humid it has been here in the Midwest . I know this works for others but not for my sensitive skin .
 At first , I was delighted with how smooth and moisturized my skin was . I 've never had a reaction to any skincare product , but I sure have to this one . After about a month 's consistent use , I noticed my cheeks became increasingly reddened and rough but thought that was due to my having been ill for about a week and lapsing on regular skin care as well as our having had unusually dry weather for most of the summer.Having read similar reports in these reviews , I eventually realized that it was this stuff that was making my skin rough , red and pebbly-textured . Went back to my old standby and far less expensive Cetaphil cleanser and lotion . Within 48 hours , my skin began looking more normal with only a bit of lingering redness.Be wary . A patch test may not produce an immediate reaction . One would n't have for me .
 Have been using regenerist products for a very long time however , this product caused a rash on my cheeks and an intense burning feeling .
 I did n't buy this product from Amazon , but I wish I would 've so I would n't have paid full price for it ! After a couple days of use , I had small bumps all over my face and they started to itch/burn around my jaw line ! Silly as I may be , I 'm still using it to see if this is the `` regeneration process '' or something and will get better with time . In the mean time , my makeup reduces the appearance of the bumps , but I can feel them ! They do n't really itch/burn anymore , maybe I 'm just used to them ... I will probably be going back to Garnier Nutritioniste Skin Renew Daily Regenerating Moisture Cream , which I do n't think really improves my skin 's appearance but does hydrate well and makes my skin very comfortable !
 I do n't have sensitive skin & only have an occasional pimple , but after a week of using this , my face is full of intense breakouts that professionals can not calm . I quit using this 4 days ago yet my skin is still raw and looks terrible . I use a Clarsonic & take care of my skin , but sadly the Olay Regen is n't working for me . I was hoping something with peptides would be beneficial . Still looking for organic products with anti aging derivatives . Anyone know of a well received cream ? Was using La Mer before this . May need to return to the pricey product . : -LRB-
 Burned my face , under one eye is very red , skin on side of my face is peeling away to another layer . Used it for 3 days only , just so strong I guess A waste of 20.00 never again , just wonder how long it will take until its all gone ?
 I do n't have especially sensitive skin , but it is dry . This product did not feel very moisturizing , but it made me break out . I thought it might be something else , but I quit using it for a few days , and my skin cleared up . Then when I tried it again , I immediately had another breakout . If you have sensitive skin , skip this cream !
 I bought this product last week . 3 days after using the product in the morning and evening my skin broke out into what I can only describe as some sort of rash manifesting itself in small lumps around my face and neck . At first I though it might be acne , although was surprised at that being in my late twenties and never really prone to spots . However , as the last couple of days have progressed the rash has significantly spread and is now covering most of my face and neck . The little lumps are even appearing in my eyebrows and the soft area around my eyes . This lumps are not only very unsightly and quite upsetting but are itchy as well . My skin generally feels very tight and uncomfortable . This has never happened to me before and I have no known allergies . This product is the only alteration I have made in the last week to my skincare routine . The location of the rash , only around my face and neck , also indicates it is likely to be this product that is causing this problem . Since then i have checked various reviews on different websites and have now noted that this is a widespread problem - use this product at your peril !
 I started using this product for about a month now . My skin feels very soft , but small white bumps started to appear since I used this product . I 've never had this problem before . A few other people I know have the same problem ... so becareful not to use it too long .
 I have tried this product I thought it was doing a great job softening my skin . However , after a short time I developed a few small white bumps . After a few months they had not went away . I went to my dermatoligist and found out they are cysts common for babies to get . I am 30 ! I had to have it removed with a scalpal . I am not saying this is definately from this product but these did appear during time of use and since they regenerate new skin it is seems this could be the possible cause . I am only writing this review to let people know to maybe only test small areas for a while when using this to make sure you do not get any skin problems .
 At first I was really pleased with this product along with the nighttime Recovery Cream -LRB- made my eye lines less pronounced and skin more youthful looking -RRB- , but after 3 or so weeks of using them I 've begun to have an allergic reaction to one or both . A few days ago I noticed that the area around my eyes -LRB- the only place I use these products -RRB- was getting dry and itchy , and today I saw that I 've developed little red bumps . They 're not pimples , they 're some kind of dry , itchy bumps and I 've never seen them before . Also , while my skin and fine lines do look better after applying these products , I 'm pretty sure that my skin actually looks worse now -LRB- more dry and more pronounced lines -RRB- when I wash them off , i.e. I think the products may ultimately be having a damaging effect on my skin . The products also contain several ingredients that are considered toxic to natural product aficionados . I 'll need to research that more to know if there 's any basis for the claim , but I 'd suggest you do your homework too . For now , I 'm discontinuing use of both products . Sorry I 'm not able to tell you for sure which of the two products is causing the reaction -- I 'm not going to bother running an experiment and wanted to caution you in any case .
 I really wanted to love this product , but every time I tried it , I would break out . I normally do not have issues with pimples and actually have dry skin , so I thought at first it must be something else or perhaps I was using too much . I would wait a week for my face to clear up , try again , and it would happen again .
 I really wanted to like this but was disappointed . I gave it a couple of weeks to see if my skin would adjust , but today is probably the last day I 'll use it . My skin is naturally slightly oily , but this made it SUPER greasy . It goes on nice and light , so that was surprising.Today as soon as I left work all I could think about was rushing home to wash my face ! What 's worse , I have broken out badly - big pimples that also itch , so not sure if it 's a breakout or an allergic reaction - either way , no thanks . I might continue to use it under my eyes where my skin is drier just to see if it helps with the fine lines there -LRB- only because there are so many positive reviews -RRB- , but definitely wo n't be using again on my face/neck/decolletage .
 Good moisturizer . If it regenerates any , it would be my wrinkles and freckles because i did not see or feel any improvement -LRB- or maintenance -RRB- even after I used up the last drop .
 I got a free sample of this serum in 2007 and after applying it on my face , the next morning I woke up with small blisters on my cheeks . Once the blisters broke they left my skin on my cheekbones very dark and I have not found anything that can clear them to date . I used to love Olay but had to quit using their products after that experience . The same thing also happened to a friend of mine .
 I really wanted to notice a change in my face using this serum but I did not . Now I have happily moved on to other products. : -RRB-
 Purchased this serum to replace my Estee Lauder Idealist that costs over forty dollars for the equivalent size . The first problem is the smell . I had purchased Olay 's quench lotion before and hated the smell , never imaging they would use the same sent for the face . The second problem is the texture - it just felt like thin lotion and when it dried , it felt itchy . I did n't even try using it on my face because when I put it on my hand and smelled it , I knew I would not be able to tolerate that fragrance all over my face . I ended up washing my hands within 15 minutes . I guess I 'll have to pay for the good stuff .
 I bought this product last summer and used it for about a month . Did not see any significant changes but I liked smell and texture of products . I was using all 3 Regenerist products , pink stuff and then serum and then sunscreen lotion . I stopped using because I got lazy . However , in November , tried it again one morning and did not wash it off that night . Next morning I woke up with a deep red rash which looked like a severe sunburn . I had no rash on my forehead or on most of neck or on cheek areas nearest to hairline or area under my nose . My chin , nose and cheeks were itchy , burning and red and I looked like I fell asleep in the sun for hours . I truly still did not think it was the Olay . I went to a dermatologist and he told me to test on forearm which provoked no rash at all . My face rash took about 4-5 days to subside fully and I actually decided it was probably not the Olay but possibly maltitol in the low carb chocolate I ate each day because a friend had experienced an immediate rash on her face after trying the De-Lite dark chocolate . Anyway , I did not use Olay again until last week . The same exact thing happened ! I was bright red by morning , itchy , burning and swollen . The dermatologist did not understand why I looked as though I had a mask on that was bright red . He said there must be something either I 'm ingesting or putting on my skin which is causing photosensitivity . It 's been 4 days and I am still pink . I would love to hear from anyone else who this may have happened to . The patch test still came out okay and I also do n't understand why my forehead and most of my neck and around the outside of my face was clear . I definitely put the creams there as well but no reaction . I appreciate any info .
 I really love Oil of Olay products and have used them for years and years . I was once at the H20 store in downtown Chicago and this young , black guy who worked there had the most beautiful skin . I asked him what he used and he looked around the store to see if the coast was clear before saying , `` Oil of Olay . Although I probably should n't tell you that . '' I have used Oil of Olay ever since and had great results.My problems comes in with this Serum . I feel like I am putting something terribly bad on my face . Oil of Olay 's products tend to fill in the lines with mineral oils or silicone , which once absorbed , do a great job , but similar to Blistex -- your skin becomes addicted , and if you stop using the product , you skin goes to rubbish.My great friend swears on coconut oil for a million things , including facial moisturizer . I decided to use the Serum for two weeks and coconut oil for two weeks on different parts of my face . The side with the coconut oil had better texture , tightening and my skin looked a lot more readiant . The serum made my skin look good when on , but out of the shower it was a little ` eh ' . Coconut oil is also about $ 10 cheaper and will last forever.I am not saying that is for everyone , but I find that the best products for rejuvenating my skin and hair have been coconut oil based and that is a really great find when you are paying at least $ 20 for a couple ounces of Serum .
 Some products lead to real improvement of your skin -LRB- retin A , acid exfoliators , vit C -RRB- while others simply cover up the imperfections acting like a make up . The sad and hilarious thing is that most consumers mix up makeup effects with real skin improvement.The Regenerist contains SILICONES that fill in small wrinkles and mattify the skin surface thus acting like an invisible makeup . Such effects lead most consumers to believe their crow 's feet are smaller . If you really want to do a test , you should stop using the product for a few days using only face wash . If during that time you observe smaller wrinkles then the product works . Or you could do a split face test - apply only on one side of face and use the other as base line control . You ca n't really claim the wrinkles are smaller while the product is on your face covering them HELLO ! It 's like claiming wearing makeup improves the skin below LOLAnd another thing , a wrinkle ca n't be erased in one or 3 weeks - the skin does n't produce collagen that fast unless you wound it and that 's the point of most laser procedures which work unlike most creams and lotions.Paying $ 18 / 1.7 oz -LRB- retail price , its cheaper on amazon but you have to pay shipping price -RRB- for a silicone makeup is a little steep for me provided that there are cheaper products on the market that will make your skin look equally good cause they contain the same silicone base even better - try Monistat soothing care - chafing relief powder gel 1.5 OZ , $ 7 at CVS.I have been using Matrixyl -LRB- the active peptide in Regenerist -RRB- for 6 months in my own formulations -LRB- without silicones -RRB- and frankly speaking have n't noticed any improvement in my crows feet or the lines on my forehead . Currently there is only one study of the effects of Matrixyl conducted by Sederma - the MANIFACTURER of Matrixyl which makes me quite suspicious about the whole story . Manufacturers often wildly exaggerate any minor positive result for the obvious financial interest .
 After reading the positive reviews for this and other OLAY Reginerist products , I bought it and the Night Resurfacing Elixir . After 2 months of faithful application
 I 've used better products than this one . I am happy that I did not pay retail for this or I would have been quite upset .
 If you have sensitive skin , beware . I tried a free sample and overnight it did make my skin baby soft , but then I broke out with huge under the skin blemishes . Ouch ! It really irritated the skin around my eyes . I stopped using it right away and slowly it 's going away . I was really disappointed . I had high hopes from the claims ... just be careful .
 I love Olay most of the time . This product caused breakouts for me . It was very heavy under my makeup .
 My husband ordered this brush for me . The outside of the boxes states Extra Small Boar Bristle but inside is a large nylon bristle.When we called Beauty Collection they stated IT CAN `` T BE RETURNED !!!! It is a personal product ... so we lost $ 195 plus shipping.If you want this brush go elsewhere .
 I thought this would be a good product because it 's from Sephora . I LOVE Sephora products . But when I put this on , it was really smudgy , and almost globby . I was disappointed .
 The colors of these pencils are very pretty but they are very hard to apply . You have to press hard on your eyelid to get the color on . Also , they really pull on the eyelid . I wo n't re-order .
 I know these are cheap little pencils actually perfect for your purse but they do n't seem to stay on for me . I will probably stick to what I have been using in the past.thanks , TR
 The colors are very nice and true to what was shown on-line . The pencil is a bit too hard for a smooth application and it smears when my eyes tear . I tried using a powder over the liner to `` set it '' but it still tends to run . I would n't buy it again .
 I 've been using Dove Body Wash the past 3-4 years . It 's a high quality body wash that does n't dry the skin . I recently tried the latest evolution of the product , now called , `` Deep Moisture . '' Undoubtedly , this new Dove provides even greater moisturizing , it 's impressive . However , I can not use this product . It has a `` musky '' scent that the previous version did not . The scent remains on your body throughout the day . I 'll use the remaining `` old version , '' I have while I hunt for a replacement body wash .
 The soap is fine , but DOVE changed the design of the container from a flat top to the current one , which does not allow you to rest it on its head upside down to use the remainder of the contents . This amounts to throwing way about 10 % of the contents = more waste , as well as the equivalent of a 10 % price increase . I will not buy this soap again unless they go back to a flat top .
 I thought this would be a good product because it 's from Sephora . I LOVE Sephora products . But when I put this on , it was really smudgy , and almost globby . I was disappointed .
 The colors of these pencils are very pretty but they are very hard to apply . You have to press hard on your eyelid to get the color on . Also , they really pull on the eyelid . I wo n't re-order .
 I know these are cheap little pencils actually perfect for your purse but they do n't seem to stay on for me . I will probably stick to what I have been using in the past.thanks , TR
 The colors are very nice and true to what was shown on-line . The pencil is a bit too hard for a smooth application and it smears when my eyes tear . I tried using a powder over the liner to `` set it '' but it still tends to run . I would n't buy it again .
 The shadows and eyeliner are , in fact , smooth and very easy to apply and the accompanying instructions a valuable add-on . However , though I used a very tiny amount and applied the shadows with four professional-grade brushes , the result was always too dark . The eyeliner glides easily and smoothly but , as it is black , all it does is add to the overall darkness.I only wish Mally realized not every woman likes black eyeliner and not all of us are after a `` fake '' look or eager to camouflage our own features with dark make-up . Unless this kit comes out with much softer , natural shades , I will not buy again .
 Nothing Special Here . Doesnt Even include a Brush with this ! For the amount Of money I Paid for this i Thought would have a Brush . It is OVER PRICED , can Get same colors at Target for ALOT CHEAPER and they Give You a Brush !!! Dont waste Your Money On this . Sure Cute Case , But Its BIG ... doesnt Fit in small Purses . Not worth the MONEY LADIES
 The colors are very nice and true to what was shown on-line . The pencil is a bit too hard for a smooth application and it smears when my eyes tear . I tried using a powder over the liner to `` set it '' but it still tends to run . I would n't buy it again .
 I thought this would be a good product because it 's from Sephora . I LOVE Sephora products . But when I put this on , it was really smudgy , and almost globby . I was disappointed .
 The colors of these pencils are very pretty but they are very hard to apply . You have to press hard on your eyelid to get the color on . Also , they really pull on the eyelid . I wo n't re-order .
 I know these are cheap little pencils actually perfect for your purse but they do n't seem to stay on for me . I will probably stick to what I have been using in the past.thanks , TR
 I ordered this product for an overseas plane trip . It was nearly impossible to inflate without a compressor . I do n't take compressors with me on trips .
 I was able to call the retailer and spoke with someone who was friendly but could not help . In the end I pushed a needle shaped inflator that is used for basket and footballs down the extremely teeny tiny fill valve and discovered the the very thick bottom was a flap that would only partially open to allow air to pass into the air bladder . This valve was designed by a cretin . It would take most of an hour to fill and all day to empty.Thank heavens for Amazon 's liberal return policy . My UPS store is 2 minutes walk from my home and the product was on its way back about 12 hours after it arrived . However , in fairness I should say that for the money it is not a bad deal if you only use it at home . You would never , ever want to try and use this while traveling . What a joke .
 The inflation valve on this product is unusable . The covering on the product is nice but by the time you are finished trying to inflate this you will be so completely frustrated you wo n't be able to take a nap anyway .
 This travel pillow is comfortable ... once you manage to get it inflated . However , it is very difficult to inflate due to the tiny blow-up valve . I do not recommend this product for that reason .
 The cover is great . But the valve is totally defective , and I should have listened to the other reviews who said it was tricky to inflate/deflate . I could not inflate it . I am a capable adult engineer . I should n't have to even think about inflating this -- when I need it inflated , it should be easy . This will go back .
 This product was not acceptable . It was impossible to inflate due to a faulty valve , and when replaced , it would not hold air pressure .
 For the price I paid I expected the light to last longer than the 3 months that it did . The magnification is great however since the light blew out I bought myself another wall mounted light for half the price that I am very happy with .
 Love the magnification , but the light is lame . I end up using another lamp next to this mirror to see what I 'm doing ! Would not recommend .
 Lighted Folding Vanity & Travel Mirror 10X/1X with Travel PouchI purchased this mirror to replace a Zadro mirror that I had for many years . My only complaint with the Zadro mirror was that the light had burnt out and the bulb was not replaceable . After receiving this mirror I unpacked it and plugged it in . At first the light seemed a little dull but after a minute or so it did brighten up . However , shortly thereafter the light flickered once again , this time it dulled and went out . I estimate the light was on for less than 5 minutes before the light went out never to go on again . I have packed the mirror back up and am sending it back for a full refund . I will not be asking for a replacement and I would rate this product as a big ZERO although in Amazon 's `` rate this item section '' I was required to give it a minimum of 1 star or this review would not be published . Please note the 1 star far exceeds my actual rating .
 The colors are very nice and true to what was shown on-line . The pencil is a bit too hard for a smooth application and it smears when my eyes tear . I tried using a powder over the liner to `` set it '' but it still tends to run . I would n't buy it again .
 I thought this would be a good product because it 's from Sephora . I LOVE Sephora products . But when I put this on , it was really smudgy , and almost globby . I was disappointed .
 The colors of these pencils are very pretty but they are very hard to apply . You have to press hard on your eyelid to get the color on . Also , they really pull on the eyelid . I wo n't re-order .
 I know these are cheap little pencils actually perfect for your purse but they do n't seem to stay on for me . I will probably stick to what I have been using in the past.thanks , TR
 I thought this would be a good product because it 's from Sephora . I LOVE Sephora products . But when I put this on , it was really smudgy , and almost globby . I was disappointed .
 The colors of these pencils are very pretty but they are very hard to apply . You have to press hard on your eyelid to get the color on . Also , they really pull on the eyelid . I wo n't re-order .
 I know these are cheap little pencils actually perfect for your purse but they do n't seem to stay on for me . I will probably stick to what I have been using in the past.thanks , TR
 The colors are very nice and true to what was shown on-line . The pencil is a bit too hard for a smooth application and it smears when my eyes tear . I tried using a powder over the liner to `` set it '' but it still tends to run . I would n't buy it again .
 I was completely disappointed with this hair dryer . . after tons of research I finally decided on this one which seemed like a good brand but it seems like my cheaper $ 30 hair dryer does a better job . The Bio Ionic does reduce drying time by almost half which is great but it leaves my hair frizzy and damaged . I have curly hair and I needed a hair dryer that would n't damage my hair or cause it to break . The dryer only has one heat setting which is WAY too hot . After a few uses I noticed my hair getting significantly thinner and I had a lot more broken pieces . I think this dryer would only work for people with super thick hair that 's not easily damaged .
 I bought this dryer expecting it would save drying time based on the various reviews I read prior to purchasing . However , it took twice as long . I have very thick , wavy hair and I need to use a round brush while blowdrying . Since this dryer is so expensive , I dedided not to keep it , sent it back after one use . I was not refunded my money . I was charged a 15 % restocking fee , $ 13 to send it back plus the original shipping . So , when all was said and done it cost me FIFTY dollars for the privilege of trying this dryer . I will NEVER order anything from this seller again . As far as I 'm concerned they are crooks and should be ashamed of themselves . I hope they enjoy the FIFTY dollars they stole from me and Amazon should be ashamed for doing business with them .
 This dryer is heavier and took longer to dry my hair than the 15 year old dryer I was replacing . I hate it . Also , the on/off button is right where you hold the dryer , so it 's hard to use it without turning it off by mistake . Very annoying . I 'm sending it back .
 These brushes are good quality but do not work well with my fine hair , they seem to grab . May work fine for other hair types .
 I purchased this brush as a replacement . I originally purchased 2 brushes in March and loved them , but one broke . Yesterday the one I gave my daughter also broke . So - the brush is great but they only lasted 3-6 months . They both broke off where the brush is attached to the base . I was really disappointed and will not purchse another one for my daughter . I wish I could contact the manufacturer and tell them the problem I have encountered .
 I had high hope for the brush but as soon as I tried it , it caught my hair and pulled it out !!! OUCH !!! I have medium length hair and it would get caught in the handle . I returned the item .
 I have fine/curly hair , so I need a brush that will really grab my hair as I blow dry it . This just does n't do that . My hair ends up curly and frizzy with this brush .
 bristles are spikey , very prickly ; it hurts your head ! and i 'm not tender headed ; the one time I used , I couldnt ' see that it preformed well either
 The brush , to me , does n't have a good handle . I find the Tourmaline brush to be much better . I would have returned it but the packaging had already been put into the trash .
 Since our son was born , we 've been using Coppertone Water Babies sunscreen , but did n't like that it stung if it got into his eyes . When we found this , we were thrilled . I even put it on my hands and rubbed it into my eyes to make sure it was truly `` tear free '' . In that respect , it 's great . However , we 've used it twice on our son . The first time -LRB- last weekend -RRB- , he got a little bit red , but today , after being in the sun for only two hours , he 's got the worst sunburn ever . I 'm devastated since I 'm very careful about his sun exposure -LRB- we 're both fair-skinned -RRB- . In the year and a half of using Water Babies , he NEVER had a sunburn . I also used this sunscreen today and I am sporting the worst burn of my life as well ... it looks as though we went without any sunblock at all . I hope someone can learn from our bad experience .
 This stuff also promotes allergies , along with a nice sunburn if you use it . Why are n't they more careful with kids ' products ? This one should work , hands down , but does n't . Now I 've got to get the sunspots looked at by a dermatologist that were created while using this product . Do yourself and your child a favor , stay with Coppertone !
 I am very careful about the sun exposure during the summer . I bought Banana Boat Tear Free for Baby SPF 50 for my 2 yr old son and for myself , thinking that we can use it at the pool since it is advertised as ` Very Water Resistant ' . I used it during our trip to a water park last weekend . Even though I was generously re-applying the cream every hour , we both got seriously sunburned.This cream did not do ANYTHING to protect the skin from the sun . I did not put this cream on my face , and instead used my daily facial moisturizer with SPF 15 , and the SPF 30 facial power on top . That protected my face and it did not get burned . This just proves how ineffective this Banana Boat product is.This tells me that Banana Boat product is as good as smearing oil on your body to attract more sun instead of protecting the skin from sun burns . I would recommend to NEVER risk using this product , especially on children .
 I bought this based on an amazon review of this product saying this was a strong hold hairspray , IT IS NOT !!! I found it to be very average hold hair spray at an OUTRAGEOUS price . I wouldnt have minded the cost , had it held better.Amazon was nice as always about returning it .
 I did n't buy this from Amazon , I bought it from the salon in Walmart . -LRB- No , I do n't get my hair done there , I was simply buying product -RRB- . I usually buy the regular Spray and Play , but the hairstylist there did n't have it and said that Spray and Play Harder would work better . Well , it does n't work at all for me ! It literally makes my hair flat and greasy . When you touch my hair , you ca n't even feel any hold or spray . With the regular version , I could feel that my hair was in place and had a natural-looking hold . For some reason , this stuff is supposed to hold better but literally does nothing for my hair and when I touch it , I feel no hairspray -- no matter how much I use ! It 's been really embarrassing because I 'll do my hair with this junk and then go out and run into people and look like I did n't shampoo my hair for the day . It makes my roots so dark and I notice a lot of breakage when I shampoo which is weird since there is absolutely no hold . I recommend the regular version as long as they have n't messed with it 's ingredients since I had my last bottle -LRB- which lasted me a whole year -RRB- .
 I 've been using Queen Helene Cocoa Butter lotion for about 8 years - never had a problem with it and loved it . Decided to buy it online at amazon . I read reviews that warned of exactly what I found once the lotion arrives
 This is really inexpensive so I ordered it for our business . Unfortunately it has an unappealing medicinal smell . It was so overwhelmingly chemically I had to wash it off my arms and it gave me a little bit of a headache . One of the bottles also arrived open .
 I have used this product in the past , and one of the things that I appreciated about it is the fact that you get a lot of product for your buck . I also like the smell of cocoa butter lotion and have gotten compliments on the smell . I am one who is not super sensitive to scents , but this is n't one that I think contains a heavy or overbearing scent.However , it never worked to my full satisfaction . I have dry skin , and I 've had skin issues so whenever I look for lotion , I want one that will definitely moisturize and absorb well into my skin . Whenever I applied this , I still felt as if my skin was dry after application , so I would increase the amount and at times apply petroleum jelly or Vaseline along with it , so I would not have that constant dry feeling or appearance . This definitely works for some -LRB- I have seen my mother use this I believe , but I am not sure if she still uses it -RRB- , and it definitely is a known brand/product , but with my skin issues and expectations , it did not fulfill what I needed .
 Yes this is ultra-hydrating and some people think it is a great moisturizer . I am here to tell you that if you suffer from acne , this will make it more worse than you can imagine ! I speak from experience , and have researched this as well . Although this product is water based , it still contains oil and because it absorbs so quickly-it stays in system for a while . Even if you do n't use this on your face it can cause you to break out because it does not completely wash off your hands even when you are washing your face . It is a very fine oil that can clog pores and add oil very quickly and easily.It is a great price , and for individuals with resistant non-acne prone skin I am sure this product is wonderful . For the rest of us , do not let the fact that this is water based and all natural fool you !
 The bad news about this lotion is it reeks . I can not tell you what on earth the smell is , but it smells so bad . I can not tell if it is a chemical smell , or what ? It smells like rubber crossed with a barnyard , or something . It 's too bad , because it DOES make my skin soft . But , I can not handle the smell . I 'd rather use a product that works half as good but smells really good . This is nasty .
 I bought this lotion based on a friend 's recommendation that I buy a cocoa butter product for my dry skin . I did not smell it before buying it ! Instead of smelling like sweet cocoa or vanilla , it has a strong smell reminscent of some sort of budget , chemical or artificial scent . -LRB- It reminds me of a wanna-be tropical , cheap sun tan lotion -RRB- . Worse still , the smell is strong and persistent -- although the lotion absorbs into your skin right away , the smell does not fade right away . A friend asked if she could use some when I pulled out the bottle to put some on , but after she smelled it , she no longer wanted to use it ! I will not buy this product again and think I will throw the bottle out .
 I really have not seem any change . But if the ingredients are correct . They are still good vitamins to take .
 I used this product for the 45 days and did not see any enhancment of hair growth.this bottle only has 99mg of MSM and 300mcgs of biotin . -LRB- the vitamin used to promote hair and nail growth -RRB- this is 100 % of your daily need . -LRB- and that is only if you take the three a day as directed -RRB- There fore , it will not enhance your hair growth if you already have had decent diet of biotin and other B vitamins . Hairfinity , however , has 2500 mcgs of biotin and and 750 mgs of MSM . This will promote enhancement . Ther has been no findings of any bad side effects of taking more than 100 % of your daily need of biotin.IF you have a great diet already , i do not recommend this product . If you do n't have a god diet , you should try eating better because it would be cheaper than buying these vitamins .
 My hair suffered a bad break off , and I used these vitamins for about a 11/2 months , and it did NOTHING for the length , maybe the texture changed , but if you are looking to go from Halle Berry to Rapunzel over the months , this isnt the product for you .
 Do n't waste your money on this product . Your money would be better spent on regular hair vits which would not only be cheaper , but if you compare the ingredients , you 'll find that fast grow contains nothing more than any other hair vitamin on the shelf . if you 're into more natural vits , taking plain old vit e -LRB- 1 x wk -RRB- , a horsetail & a biotin will do the same for you if not more
 My hair grows nicely but I cut it recently and wanted it to grow back quickly . These pills didnt work at all I followed directly as it said . Complete waste of time and money all it did was mess with my bladder every day I took the pills I pee 'd like 15X 's a day seriously !!!! Soon as I stopped my bladder went back to normal .
 I had to return this product because it is basically a placebo . You have to take it too many times and the results arent anything less than what you would normally get > I gave 2 stars because maybe I did not use it long enough to see the `` miracle '' . I stopped using it in February and have since just focused on nuturing my hair , scalp massages and no heat and I have already grown 2.5 inches . Do n't waste your money .
 i had bought 6 or 7 bottles and the shampoo of the offcial site a long time ago i used the hole bottle of shampoo and 5 bottles of pills no results i sucked up so many pills i got tired of taking them i threw the rest of the bottles in the trash so i been taking these for months . may be not for my hair type shampoo made my hair soft .
 The jury is still out ... This is my second bottle of Ethnic Grow hair supplements , and I have not seen enough credible growth to post an honest review . I want to give myself a minimum of 60 days to observe real ` changes ' -LRB- if any -RRB- in growth . I will up date my comments when I have completed the final bottle .
 Used better part of two bottles . Does not do anything for my hair . I 'm trying to factor in my swimming as part of the problem , but I am so careful to moisturize my hair just the same .
 During my pregnancy , my hair was falling out in patches , so I purchased these pills since nothing was helping it to grow back . After finishing 1 bottle , I did not notice any hair growth . However , my nails did grow noticibly faster and longer .
 I purchased the 30 day supply -LRB- 90 capsules -RRB- . One of the ingredients in is Biotin -LRB- 300mcg/0 .3 mg -RRB- which is known to promote skin , hair and nail improvements and growth . Another ingredient is He Shou Wu -LRB- 99mg -RRB- an Asian herb that promotes not only hair improvements but physical improves to one 's body.I was very optimistic about this product . I have been sampling a number of hair growth products . Fast Grow compared to the others showed disappointedly no results for me . Prior to beginning this new product I trim my hair.Instructions are to take 3 capsules daily ideally with a meal or snack . There were no side effects that I noticed . At the end of the month the growth that occurred was the normal growth , there was no accelerated growth while using this product . Hope this was helpful .
 I bought this product after reading all the reviews it recieved . I took the pills and saw the growth BUT there were concequences . If you are the type to take pills forever for your hair growth , then this product is for you . But I 'm not . When I stopped taking these pills , my hair started to fall out . Looking back on it my hair was shedding and breaking from the roots for about 8 months total -LRB- less and less each month -RRB- . I stared using DAX and Optimum Oil Therapy Dry Hair Healer . I put the two in a container that I can use directly on my scalp and it 's been great every since . Find out what your hair type you have and educate yourself on products or natural ingredients that really work for your own scalp .1 Corinthians 11:15 But long hair is something for the woman to be proud of . Her hair has been given to her for a covering.God Bless
 After reading all of the positive reviews for this product i thought there might truly be a difference between standard hair vitamins and ones made for ethnic hair . I have been taking these hair vitamins for about a month now and have really seen no difference in my hair growth , honestly i will save my money and just go back to buying the GNC hair and nails formula instead .
 I took these vitamins for more than six months and during that time I did not notice any enhanced hair growth or any noticeable improvement in my skin and nails though I was on a very healthy diet , drinking plenty of water and exercising regularly at the time . I stopped using them and decided to try getting the needed nutrients from natural sources so I turned to eating a breakfast consisting of wheat germ , wheat germ oil , milk , an egg and fresh fruits daily followed up with healthy servings of vegetables and yogurts and plenty of water for the remainder of my meals , and it was only then that I noticed improvements in my skin , hair and nails . My hair texture has improved , it is growing above average , my dry skin and scalp have normalized , my complexion has cleared and I have a lot of energy . It is more than one year later , and these improvements are still there , and it is cheaper on my pockets .
 I have been taking exotic allure for two months and my hair has not grown any . I have started taking hairfinity vitamins and I have noticed a difference in as little as a week . I would recommend these pills .
 I have been using this product for a few weeks now . I have not noticed anything new . Still have slight breakage and no noticable growth . And yes , I am active , drinkin lots of wated and watching my diet -LRB- since that seems to be advice that most get when the poduct isnt working -RRB- I will finish my bottle and just see if I notice anything by then . Not sayin its a good or bad product . Right now , I guess I 'm still waiting for some results .
 I did n't really see any results with this product . I wo n't purchase it again and will look for another product .
 I 'd love to try this product , but one ingredient concerns me . It has 99mg of ` He Shou Wu ' . I researched it and I asked a pharmacist and it 's known to cause liver damage . Another name for it is called ` Fo Ti He Shoo Wu ' . Always check ingredients first , you never know . If someone has any new info on this issue , please share .
 I used to take a hair/nail & skin vitamin i bought from the cheap-o discount store down the street -- cost $ 1.99 & was a no-name brand . i kid thee not my hair was thicker & fuller within wks . i swore by those things until the store suddenly stopped selling them -- i have no idea what the name was or where else to get them . been looking for a replacement ever since . came across Fast Growth , been taking them for almost 3 months now and have seen no results whatsoever in hair growth at all -- wont be ordering again . Sometimes the cheap no-name stuff is just better .
 I purchased four -LRB- 4 -RRB- bottles of this product to get an accurate assessment of its effectiveness . I might have well used 1-A-Day instead -LRB- Vitamins A+E aid in hair growth . -RRB- Following instructions , four months have produced no noticable effect . Perhaps its ingredients have varying effects between body chemistry types .
 I wish I had 've kept the receipt because they do reimburse . If you do some research on the ingredients some of them will cause drastic side effects . Also , it is a pain to try to swallow them three times a day . I hav n't been able to see any true progress and I had them for a week , although I hav n't actually took three a day . All in all due to the side effects , I say no !
 I have n't had the product for a full thirty days , so i can not make an assessment just yet .
 I know this perfume well , and this is definitely expired . I know this scent has been discontinued , but since GA Wholesale Liquidation was still selling it , I hoped that the product would still be good . Nope .
 The smell is stronger than I expected . That is why I like going to the store and smelling perfumes first .
 I was very disappointed in this product . Must have been old as it did not hold it 's scent past putting it on !
 Do n't use this product unless you enjoy smelling like a bordello . I put a small quantity on my arms this morning , and since then have been walking in an embarrassing cloud of a cheap ladies ' perfume odor that can probably be detected a block away . I have been sneezing incessantly , my nose has been running , my eyes are watering , and I ca n't get rid of it despite having scrubbed my forearms twice already .
 I thought the presentation was a little bigger and not a sign that says on the label also lower Product not for sale
 After reading the positive reviews , particularly from the makeup artist , I decided to order the Secret Brightening Powder . I should know better , but this POWDER sounded different than any other . Well , I got it home , and patted it on , just a tiny bit ; INSTANT WRINKLES !! I looked 10 years older . The first ingredient is Talc , so there you go . I do n't know how it is possible that other women with lines under their eyes do not have this product settle in them . I am so disappointed , now I have to return the powder , wasting more time and money .
 I had a giftcard , so I bought this to set my Laura Mercier under eye concealer which is great for coverage , but a little sticky . Honestly , I do n't really see much difference . I could use loose powder and it would look almost the same . It 's super expensive . It will probably last me forever though . I love the Laura Mercier concealers and tinted moisturizer , but this just seems like a waste of money .
 I have used this brightening powder for at least a year and began to see its flaws over time . Yes it does lighten dark circles under the eyes since the powder is very white , -LRB- apply it over your concealer -RRB- which was really great at the start , but i then realized that it also accentuates fine lines under the eyes as well , making them more pronounced than had i gone without it . So as much as i still have a jar and a half left , i havent touched it or used it in over a year . I 'd rather just use my concealer and go without this powder -LRB- since we all use concealers anyway which can be enough -RRB- than have my eyes looking old and lined and wrinkled underneath .
 I had high hopes for this product , but I really did n't see any difference when I put it on . I have dark circles , and this did n't do any brightening at all . It really seemed more like any regular translucent powder . I guess I was expecting some sort of shimmer or something . I do n't really have any lines yet , so I ca n't comment on it settling there . Honestly , I ended up using it as an all-over face powder once my regular powder ran out , just so I could use it up . I wanted to love it , but it just did n't do anything special for me .
 My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now . It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots . My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head , which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair . And in the sun , it actually turns a pinkish red -LRB- he uses dark brown -RRB- ! The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie . Even with a bit of wind or humidity , the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face , making it look like tar . It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets . I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity because my husband truly believes that I still do n't know that he uses the product ! Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair . Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind , constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product , and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place . Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it does n't even bother me , my husband constantly obsesses over his hair . Instead of enhancing his look , Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place . Instead of boosting his confidence , Toppik has made him even more insecure about losing his hair .
 I use this product under my eyes to lessen the dark circles . However , by itself , I do n't see a difference . I still have to use the secret concealer for any type of coverage/lightening of the eye area . Also , the packaging for this product is very bad . It 's hard to get the right amount needed and I end up wasting quite a bit .
 i purchased the sea sponge and i was not happy with the size it is very very small.the sponge after several usage it falls apart it is not worth the price .
 I honestly do n't know if it was just a bad unit or just a poor design , but it just did n't work well on our dog . We returned it and got a furminator instead .
 I 'm suspicious of the Ionic feature on this brush . There 's no way to tell if it does anything . The button on the brush would be a nice feature for removing hair , if it worked better than what it does ... it 's hard to get it to work and I 'm afraid it might break . Other than that , the brush itself appears to work ok. , but this product is made cheaply and could be better than what it is .
 I bought this to help with fine lines and such . I do have very oily skin , and this just made it worse . I ca n't use it for that reason . Might work for somebody with normal to dry skin . The little I did use , I did n't notice any difference in my skin , just more oiliness .
 I recently started breaking out more often because I was working out more than usual . I got this product and was hoping it would cut down on my break outs . I used it for two months and saw no improvement . It 's expensive and not worth it.I 'm still hunting for an over the counter acne treatment that is somewhat effective .
 This product is not a very effective overnight drying spot treatment for acne . I have used other products with sulfur that worked better . It works well to shrink the appearance of large pores .
 I wanted to make my natural brown hair look better and shinner so i bought this i used the whole bottle and nothing happen . I know it was not suppose to change my hair but it did not do anything different to it either . While you are at it do not get an john frieda 's products they are overprice and they do not do the job . I also have used freez ezzw and it did not do anything special to my thick curly hair like it said it suppose to do .
 The product does not do what it states . There are much better products than this . Try Icelandic Relief eye cream from Sephora .
 I did n't buy this soap for any specific skin problem . I love the smell of eucalyptus and thought it would smell similar . How wrong I was ! What smells good and what does n't is purely subjective , but I not only disliked the very strong scent , but I could n't even stand to have it in my bathroom while still in the box ! Maybe `` Grandpa '' has a serious case of anosmia . : -RRB-
 I do n't know if this soap is good for anything because I only used it twice . I could n't take the smell and I threw it away .
 Cleans well , but leaves you and the surrounding area smelling like you just sealed your driveway . My fault as it says that in the name .
 Products was a disappointment . I 've used tar soap in the past for my skin care . This did not work at all . Guess you ca n't return a half used bar of tar .
 I got this soap because I was hoping it would help with my itchy skin , but I could only use it once because it smelled like burnt plastic and although it lathered white it left a brown film on my skin . I was very unhappy with this soap . It does n't smell like a pine tree or like pine tar at all . If you can stomach the scent it seemed like a nice soap , but I just could n't handle the scent it was just too much .
 I would give this no stars if I could . This made my skin so greasy . It also burned . It left my face so red and it felt like it was on fire even after I washed it off . It made the skin on my face peel like I had been sun burnt , I had to take this stuff back !
 I did not like this product because it gets all over the place - verymessy . Also when you put it on your face it looks white on the face and it does n't vanish like it says it 's suppose to .
 I had high expectations for this cream . I bought it at Whole Foods . However , it did n't work for me after 3 weeks of using it faithfully .
 Got this because the tolnaftate cream I used to get was discontinued . That stuff worked . This one -LRB- clearly a different formula -- color , smell , texture -RRB- did n't do a danged thing . Ringworm spread like crazy , had to go to the doc & get a prescription Med.Might just be coincidental timing , but my one experience with this product was profoundly disappointing .
 Read the product description very carefully . I must have been asleep when I ordered this because I paid about 10X too much comparatively speaking . I spent about ab $ 23.00 for what amounts to a little over 1/3 of an ounce . OUCH . This is very very unethical and I am in shock that this company is even allowed to sell on Amazon . Can you spell S C A M ?????
 I would have been better off purchasing a larger size , because I did n't realize it was that small I guess .
 Before you rush to buy this bottle thinking that you are getting a great deal notice that this is a miniature bottle . The price is the same if you get it elsewhere , I checked .
 I guess i did n't realize just how small 1 oz is but that 's besides the point . I 'm done buying fake cologne off of amazon . I bought several bottles including this one and compared them to the ones in the department stores . Just spend the extra cash and get the real one .
 I have really thick almost black hair . It had been dyed a medium red brown prior to using this . I mixed this with 40vol pure white developer -LRB- my hair is super healthly -RRB- and it 's still not even . It 's white on top and orange and brown through out the back . I will not buy again .
 the tablets are different from what i got last time!Firstly , it comes in different bottle . Last time , it was herbal supplement as the picture shown . But this time is dietary supplement.Secondly , the color are obviously different ! The pills are more yellow than last time ! I took picture of that!Lastly , the smell and taste are also different . It smells sweet this time , but the pills i got last time smell like herbal .
 After 9 months of use , an audible `` snap '' was heard ; the clippers no longer cut hair although the motor still works . Although still under warrentee , I elected to instead purchase a set of quality Oster clippers -LRB- Oster Fast Feed , about twice the cost of the Andis clippers . -RRB- Pros
 Great concept if only it worked . Cheap design and poor quality make this dryer among the worst I 've ever used . I have thin , but curly hair . Generally not a long or arduous process to dry , but with this product it takes forever . The dryer overheats WAY too eaily and you have to wait five minutes or more to use it again . I spend two minutes drying and then five waiting to start again . Comb/brush attachments are cheap and made of super hard plastic , neither comfortable to use nor able to stand up to regular wear and tear . Do n't waste your money .
 If you have money to burn then buy this because you WILL need to buy a REAL dryer to dry your hair . It ALWAYS overheats and dies ! It overheated on me 3 times during the first use . That may not seen like a lot , but I have NEVER had a dryer that quits and makes you wait AT LEAST 7 minutes to cool so you can turn it back on ! My hair was a huge fuzz ball instead of semi-straightened like when I use any other dryer . Buy the Andis dryer - NOT THIS DRYER . My Andis has not failed me yet !
 I hate this dryer ! I used to have healthy-looking hair until I started using this hair dryer . This is because my old one was discontinued -LRB- Revlon Get-Quiet -RRB- , and I figured I should get this one , since it 's labeled as `` ion dryer '' . Let me tell you , I never had drier and frizzier hair in my life . On the high setting the noise is unbearable , power is tremendous and on the low setting it takes forever to dry . I had to switch to a different one after only 1 week . I will never buy Vidal Sasoon again .
 This dryer made my wavy hair straighter than a seperate brush and dryer ever could . THe problem is that it just shuts off . The first time I used it , it shut off twice within a 20-minute period . It would n't restart when I plugged it back in , or even when I tried a different outlet . No matter what I tried , it would n't restart for about 5 minutes . I 've used an older model of this dryer and the same thing happened . I would n't recommend buying this product .
 I just recently bought this hair dryer . The first time I used it , it worked fine . The second time I used it , it stopped working after 8 minutes . My hair is long and thick and slightly wavy . It is n't crazy curly , but it is n't pin straight . It does n't take me more than 10 minutes to blow-dry my hair . I was blow-drying it straight , and after 8 minutes it just stopped working . It 's not worth the money at all ! Also , it does make a horrible noise and it does smell like burnt hair . I thought that all those things would n't bother me if it did the job -- but then it just stopped working !
 Vidal Sassoon VS783 1875-Watt Professional Anti-Static Ion Dryer and StylerWhat has happened to the brush attachments on blow driers ? Twenty years ago Vidal Sassoon had the only brush attachment drier and the brush was AWESOME ! It was strong enough to pull your hair straight and all of a sudden the brushes became soft . . why?Don ' t these companies realize the accessories are the `` magic '' to these driers ? I guarantee you would be the # 1 best-sellingblow drier out there !!!!!!
 I thought the unique shape/design would be better and lighter than the regular hair dryers but unfortunately it is not .
 I bought this dryer at a retail store when my VS model #VS -540 burned out because I figured this was the new and improved version . Well it 's not ! It 's shape makes it very difficult to hang on to , it 's bigger and heavier , and the cold shot button is right in the way of where your thumb has to rest and I keep hitting it when I 'm using the dryer when I do n't want to hit it . Thankfully when I searched online for the VS-540 model & it was still available on Amazon so I bought two of them . Luckily they still have replacement combs that fit both model numbers available through Helen of Troy , since they do break very often . For the people having trouble with theirs overheating , this happens when you get it too close to your head/hair and it blocks the vents . I found if you blow on the air intake vents or wave the dryer back and forth , it cools off and restarts very quickly !
 This hair dryer is the LOUDEST appliance in my entire house . I can only tolerate the lowest setting - Any higher than that and I have to put in ear plugs , it 's THAT loud . And the low setting really does n't kick out the kind of heat I need to straighten my wavy hair . Also , the bristles on the brush are totally wimpy . They 're made of cheap plastic that 's supposed to look like boars hair , which simply do n't grab the hair well enough to do the job . AND - The handle of the dryer is too fat to easily grab and my hand gets tired before my hair is dry . All these things combined - Think twice about this one before buying . I definitely would n't do it again .
 I would not recommend buying this product . I have straight , shoulder-length hair and when trying to grasp the hair with the attachments attached , the air flow would blow the hair out of the way before the attachments could get to it . In addition , the attachments are made from very hard plastic and using them daily is guaranteed to damage the hair . I took the attachments off and proceeded styling with the good old fashioned brush and comb but because the air output is so broad it really did n't help with the styling . Here is the WORST part about this product
 I LIKE THIS DRYER , HOWEVER , THE BRUSH ATTACHMENT WEARS OUT QUICKLY -LRB- THE BRISTLES BEND/FLATTEN AND FALL OUT -RRB- AND YOU CAN NOT OBTAIN A REPLACEMENT BRUSH . YOU HAVE TO PURCHASE A WHOLE NEW DRYER AND THAT IS A WASTE OF THE APPLIANCE AND MY MONEY .
 This dryer is a piece of garbage . I 've owned it for 2 years now and I 've had to replace 2 parts -LRB- the wide & narrow tooth combs -RRB- twice now ! Ugh !
 This was such a waste of money for me . I need to pull a brush dryer through very wavy , thick hair in order to straighten and smooth it . The brush on the Sasoon dryer was too soft to work for me . If your hair is thin , it will do just fine .
 I have one of these . This morning , I used it to dry my hair and tried to shut it off . Only it would n't shut off ... it kept going and the switch became very hot ... the plastic housing began to melt ! I had to unplug it to keep it from catching on fire!This is my second -- and last -- Vidal Sassoon product . I hate to think what would have happened if I had just set the hair dryer down on my night stand and it had started back up on its on -- and had caused a fire.Like one of the other reviewers said , it always took a long time to dry my hair -- and it 's pretty doggone short , by the way -- with this dryer , because the airflow was not very concentrated . I guess that if your house caught on fire from one of these faulty hair dryers , you could dry your hair from the heat of your burning home!I 've never had a hair dryer fail so dramatically or catastrophically . My advice to everything out there is to NOT purchase this product ! My next communication will be to the Consumer Safety Product Commission ! This hair dryer could burn you very badly and start a fire ! If you have one of these , please do n't use it ever again ! The life you save could be your own -- or the lives of your family !
 Vidal Sassoon VS783 1875-Watt Professional Anti-Static Ion Dryer and Styler - The dryer , after receipt in the mail , lasted approximately 2 weeks . It developed a major vibration and grinding and whining sound . We have since discontinued use fearinga potential electrical problem and possible fire hazard . We feel that the dryer should be replaced as soon as possible byAmazon or the manufacturer . Please supply us with a return label so the faulty dryer can be returned and replaced with a new one .
 since ive been waiting for this to arrive since the begining of Feburary .
 I loved this hairdryer for the first couple of months , im not sure if its because my roommate used it too or anything ... but it just started overheating really badly.like i would start on my hair and it would just turn off suddenly . so it was a little bit manageable i would only wait like five minutes , and then it would be okay again , until it overheated again . but lately i couldnt even hold it for five minutes until it overheated . so it worked for straightening my curly hair but it just overheated way too fast .
 I have been using a blow drier with brush attachment ever since I was old enough to dry my hair on my own . In the past I had only found this style in a Conair blow drier . This time around , I could not find any at all but finally found the Vidal Sassoon VS783 mmodel . The sound is louder which I noticed bothered a lot of people , but I could handle this if it were the only issue . My main issue with it is the drier heats up and turns off literally 4-5 times during blow drying my hair . I have shouldr length , straight hair . This should not happen & never has with the conair versions I have owned in the past . I would not recomend the drier .
 I bought this last week and am shocked at how bad it is .1 st its very heavy for this type of dryer . 2nd , it says thers 3 heat settings but theres only the one and 3rd it keeps fluctuating between hot and cold air . 4th , it smells like something is burning inside of it ,5 th , the medium setting doesnt work at all , as it jumps right from low to high.And 6th , last but not least it is extremely loud with a high pitch noise that is sure to give anyone a terrible headache , actually its so loud it should be on a recall list !!!
 I purchased this dryer because of the shape and attachments and wanted to try an ionic dryer . First of all , if this is an ionic dryer I was better off with my super cheap dryer . Second , the back seam of the dryer melted !! Several people have mentioned that it overheats and they are not lying . It shuts off and refuses to come back on . Which is good because then it might melt completely . Do n't waste your money on this .
 Purchase of this cheap , terrible product ticked me off so much I 'm writing a product review for the very first time . 1 -RRB- Gutless
 The hair dryer is good , But if you 're like & me want to use the attachments , you should know that the bristle/brush attachment is very low quality . After one use , half of the bristles fell out . When I tried to get a replacement , the company told me that the attachments are not covered under warrenty and that I would have to buy a new one . Like im gon na buy another one and watch the same thing happen again ?! Yeah right ! I feel really ripped off cause that was the main reason I bought the hair dryer . So if you buy it , just know that that attachment will be useless.Update
 Like many hair dryers before it , this one 's blower is too powerful for my thin , very fine hair ; the hair blows every which way and I ca n't control it to style it . Yes , I tried the `` low '' setting , and I looked forward to the shot of cold to finish the style , but no such luck . For others with more normal hair it might be fine , but for me it just does n't work .
 I was waiting for this dryer to come in the mail for a while now . I looked forward to using it . Yesterday , I got it in the mail and used it . I thought with the attachment , it would be more convenient to straighten my hair , not true . I used it for 10 minutes and it shut off on me . I waited 10 minutes for it to cool and start up again but it never did . I will not buy this product again . Do they manufactures think that it takes only 10 minutes to dry hair ? They should have tested this dryer out before sending out into the marketplace . I am very disappointed .
 The andis 85010 attachments ARE NOT the for the Vidal Sassoon VS783 . I ordered them from amazon in Sept , 2011 to find that they are a little longer than the VS attachments . And they are not curved at the part that slides onto the dryer . My andis package is still unopened , because it was obvious that they wo n't fit . I 'm still trying to get these returned . I 'm surprised that amazon still has them listed with this dryer . I called the number another reviewer listed -LRB- 18004877273 -RRB- and the rep -LRB- Helen of Troy , located in Texas -RRB- said they are the only place you can get the VS783 attachments . Today I ordered a wide tooth and fine tooth attachment . They are $ 4 each and the shipping is $ 2 . Another review was correct about the combs breaking easily . I love the dryer , but I 've never seen combs break so easily . Again , DO NOT ORDER the andis 85010 attachments for your VS783 ionic dryer . It is the wrong item .
 Have used this dryer for a couple of years , and it worked well ... until today when it caught fire while unattended and plugged in .
 This blow dryer cuts off on me in the middle of drying my hair every time that I use it . It 's very frustrating . I do n't know if it 's an electrical issue or something else with the dryer . But I need a replacement . This dryer is still under warranty , I hope to get this resolved soon .
 It seem as though this would be a great product . Unfortunately , it stopped working after just a few months .
 BRUSH BRISTLES WERE TOO SOFT . TOO POWERFUL A BLOWER . BECAUSE OF THE CURVED HEAD I COULD N'T USE MY OLD BRUSH . I AM VERY DISSATTISFIED ... LARRY C
 I LOVED this dryer while it lasted , bought it to use in Europe last month and had no problems using it on 220 in some houses/hotels in Germany , Sweden and England with very old wiring . Decided I liked it better than my regular dryer so started using it daily when I got back . Last week I heard a loud pop and it whined to a stop and lots of smoke emerged . So now I 'm trying to figure out if I can file a warranty claim when I did n't keep any packaging and bought in on Amazon and ca n't find a Vidal Sassoon website that is helpful . If I were you I would n't risk buying this .
 I have owned two of these . When the first one 's switch gave out after about two years use I bought another because I liked the dryer . The second one 's switch has quit working after a years use .
 This model hair dryer is not ` GOOD ' in my opinion . It is very heavy and large when it comes to holding it . My hands are very sore from holding it by the time my hair is dry . And I do n't have long heavy hair . The ` ION ' option does n't seem to work either -LRB- My hair is never shiny like it used to be . Very fluffy and fly-away . It also shuts itself off very often when drying my hair-I assume it starts to overheat -LRB- reason for shutting off -RRB- . Would not recommend-so VERY DISAPPOINTED
 Terrible ... do n't order . Dryer overheats almost immediately . Design of switch is such that you often accidently shut if off during drying . It 's heavy and uncomfortable to hold . Did n't keep the paperwork so I am stuck with it . As soon as I get a different one , I 'll dump this one .
 When I was ready to cut my hair , I oiled the blade and the moment I tried to trim , it pulled my hair . It is the same as my old worn Wahl clipper . I thought I 'd give Andis a try but my first impression with them is n't good at all . I am already returning it .
 This seemed like it was a good product since I knew many people who used it . But this stuff broke my face out !!! I think it may be too strong , lay off of this and try something mild .
 I use Luminary indoor tanning lotion from Designer Skin and love it . I assumed since this was an after tanning moisturizer with silicone by the same maker , it would be the same . First of all let me say that it smells good and feels lovely . However , I noticed that a few hours later , my skin does not look or feel moisturized . It looks flaky and dry . I have been tanning for about six weeks and have a great base tan . I found that my old lotion actual keeps my skin from looking dry or leathery . I 'm going back to Hempz . AND this stuff was pretty expensive since I was stupid and purchased at my tanning salon . Live & learn .
 PROLOGUE : Before I begin my review of the Andis 23745 Promotor hair cutting kit , let me first give you a background on myself when it comes to cutting hair . I 've been cutting my hair since I was 16 years old and I 'm 34 now -LRB- I cut my hair about twice per month -RRB- so I 've gone through a lot of different hair clippers over the years . Because I cut my own hair and am pretty anal about perfection , my haircuts usually take about 30-40 minutes . My hair is on the thinner side -LRB- born with thin hair -RRB- so most clippers usually work fairly well with my hair in the beginning.My previous clipper was a consumer-level clipper made by Wahl which I purchased from a Target retail store for about -LSB- ... -RSB- . It served its purpose for the last 3 years but it was time for me to replace it because during recent times , I often found myself having to go over the same hair section several times to get all the hair strands.PRE-USAGE : I started looking at all the options available on Amazon because nowadays , Amazon is always the first place I search for consumer goods in order to maximize my Amazon Prime membership . I read the description and reviews for a bunch of different models . I ended up going with this Andis 23745 Promotor for several reasons ... 1 . It seemed to have a decent amount of good user reviews . 2 . The Amazon description -LRB- as well as the description of this product on Andis ' website -RRB- claims the motor produces 4x the power of a traditional magnetic motor . 3 . It comes with a good number of accessories.Taking it out of the box , I was rather impressed with the clipper 's look and feel -- and the combs/guards fit the clipper blade nice and snug . The wooden brush felt pretty solid as well -- much nicer than the cheap plastic flat cleaning brushes you normally see in other clipper sets.USAGE : I applied some clipper oil -LRB- small plastic jar of clipper oil included in the set -RRB- to the blades to prepare it for my hair cut and attached the number 2 comb-guard . I started trimming my hair starting with the sides and then towards the back . I initially was expecting/hoping to be amazed at how much cleaner and faster it would be to only have to go through each section of hair in one pass . Unfortunately , I did have to make a couple passes in various sections of my hair to get the strands that the 23745 missed . That was quite disappointing considering this thing is supposed to have 4x the cutting power of a traditional magnetic-motor-based clipper -LRB- which I believe my Wahl is since I only paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for the kit from Target 3 years ago -RRB- . However , this is not why I 'm giving this clipper 2 stars . Read on . After about 10 minutes of trimming , I decided to remove the plastic comb-guard so I could neatly trim the `` fuzzy peach-fuzz hair '' near the base of where my hair meets my neck and ear area . Yooowwwzzeeerrrsss !!!! That exposed metal blade was soooooo hot , it burned my skin !! This is completely unacceptible for a hair clipper to get THAT HOT . I 've used both Wahl and Oster clippers in the past -LRB- as these are the two brands I find at my local drugstores such as Target or Walmart -RRB- and I 've never experienced clippers that got hot enough to burn my skin -- not even after a 45 minute continuous hair cut , let alone 10 minutes . Moreover , I did attach the plastic comb-guard back over the blade so I could finish my haircut but be warned , the hot metal blade can still touch and burn the top of your ear -LRB- which I experienced firsthand -RRB- where the plastic guard ends and the metal is exposed.FINAL THOUGHTS : If you do choose to go with this clipper , just make sure you keep your haircut time under ten minutes , always use a plastic comb-guard -LRB- which , in my honest opinion , defeats the purpose of the adjustable lever -RRB- , and make sure you touch the blade from time to time to check its temperature if you 're cutting someone else 's hair .
 I bought this to cut my husband 's thick hair and it did not work at all . His hair kept getting caught in the blades and I had to return this item . I am very disappointed .
 Had to return it , not sure if its defective or its just the way it works but within 5 minutes I kid you not , this thing could scorch your skin it was so hot . So i ca n't really use it if I have to wait 20 minutes between operation of 5 minutes for it to cool down .
 It blew a fuse on my first use . It got really really hot in the first 5 minutes into the cut . The set with the accessories are attractive but completely useless when the shaver breaks down . Only option left is to return it.Will not buy this brand again .
 The assortment of attachments -LRB- including a 1 '' comb attachment -RRB- and extra long cord are nice features of these clippers ; however , they got very hot in just a few minutes ' time . The clippers were hot enough to burn skin before I could complete my son 's haircut . Same thing happened when I cut my husband 's hair several hours later after the clippers had cooled off . I returned these clippers to Amazon and bought a different brand .
 I was looking for a lotion that was thick and had a pleasant smell . After reading reviews , I went with this lotion . The smell is very strong and not pleasant to me . It makes me sneeze ! The lotion is thick , but I ca n't use it because the smell is way too strong . My nose is not overly sensitive and I use lots of other scented lotions without any problems .
 The product had a sun faded , yellow plastic cap around the spray nozzle . Could be water in the bottle for all I know . Did n't seem to make any difference in my hair at all .
 this product smells musky and does n't really work ! 1 it 's also nearly impossible to use any styling products with it ! i love joico products but not this one !
 I never received my product from the seller and had to submit a claim to Amazon . It was a Christmas gift so that made me very upset . The person would have probably liked the cologne but I guess well never know . However , Amazon was very prompt and helpful .
 I did not receive the product or receive a refund on my credit card . Although I emailed the company twice . They email me back . Amazon should investigate the purchase and not allow the company to do business . I have purchased many items , and this is the first problem I have had .
 There looks like greeting to me that they were wrong in package that they me sent if the article says 1.7 ounce not 0.17 onza that was the one that they me sent for mistake to check .
 I ordered Alferd Dunhill Desire and expected to get the original one as shown in the image . The one I got is just Dunhill Desire which I think the newer but with lighter smell compared to the original one . The only reason I bought this product was because it shows the original Alferd Dunhill Desire in the product image , which is not what I got . I felt cheated .
 Noticed no different in my hair after using the entire bottle . Hard to understand how this works since hair is not living and can not really benefit from nutrients . Nutrition comes from inside the body . Better to use a good conditioner .
 I am very disappointed in this curling iron . The electrical cord could be longer , keeps pulling out of outlet during usage . The on/off button is located right underneath the clip , which makes it easy to accidently turn off without noticing .
 This smells like burning plastic while it 's on , and it makes your hair feel dry and coarse . I returned it right away .
 I was excited to get this curling iron unfortunetly the day after it arrived i plugged it in and it didnt heat up at all . The on light worked but no heat . I contacted Amazon that day and they issued a refund to my account . Thank You Amazon !!!
 Review from a person with skin type
 I wear Angel by Thierry Mugler regularly but the potency of the purchased product was not the same . The return time is not that great . I will have to send a third email for a status .
 No original box !!! The liquid is not of the original color because I have a shop in Paris and is very different from this.Flee it is a counterfeit product.The liquid as The .17 mini bottle opens , but it does not close properly .
 Thia perfume Did not smell like the one that I had previously bought in the department store . Very disappointing ... Will not be purchasing this from online again .
 I sprayed some of this on my pulse points and the scent didnt even last for an hour ! This was totally not worth the price .
 I purchased Angel fragrance recently and I 'm very disappointed . Obviously the bottle is old . It smells like it has been sitting on a hot shelf for years . I did n't check the return policy before I ordered and of course Amazon will not allow me to return it . DO N'T buy fragrance from Amazon unless you want to get stuck with old perfume that smells bad . I will never buy fragrance from Amazon again .
 I was so excited to get Angel perfume as I had already tried the hair mist and loved it . When I opened the package and smelled both of the bottles enclosed , I could not believe my nose . What the heck happened to the beautiful aroma I was expecting . I dont know if I got a fake or if the perfume package cooked in a warehouse somewhere . Anyway , I am bummed . Guess I better visit a store and get a first hand smell . Oh well . Live and learn .
 I love Angel perfume , but I am concerned that this one is not authentic . It REALLY does n't smell the same as the other Angel bottle I have , it does n't last as long , either . I 'd say there 's about a 75 % chance it is a FAKE .
 In Which Nursing Home Do You Live?Angel Perfume reeks of chocolate-scented bathroom air freshener & some kind of orthopedic shoe powder with a Godforsaken undercurrent of nursing home pastries . Have some self respect , my friend ; whatever your age , you are too young for this aroma ...
 I love the Be Delicious scent , but the difficult-to-open bottles make this an impractical purchase . Buy the regular-sized bottle instead . The small canister set seem more appropriate for display . If you do n't mind a cute display , buy it . I patiently opened them when I first received the gift pack , but I have n't tried again since . I will regift this ASAP .
 Compared to other hair dryers I 've used , this does n't put out enough airflow , even when using the nozzle . It gets plenty hot and the outlet saver plug is nice , but I 'd gladly trade it for MORE AIR .
 I bought this flat iron because of it 's good reviews , so I thought it only fair to make sure people know that it is not a good iron . After only a few uses , the ceramic on the fake ceramic plates is coming off . Soon there will be none left . Because of this , the plates now tug and pull on m hair , making it very painful to straighten . It also makes the end of my hair VERY frizzy . Save your money and buy a nice flat iron that will last you years instead of a few weeks .
 Once it heats up it is great , but it takes FOREVER to heat up . It also has a problem staying at the correct temperature . My hair is n't hard to straighten , but it takes me a good 15 minutes longer to do with this iron verses any other one I have ever used .
 Ca n't beat the price , but I guess in the long run , you do get what you pay for . This iron works great , just as good as the high priced brands , however , it does n't last very long as the gold plating wears off quick -LRB- about 5 uses -RRB- and then it started to frizz the hair and with each use it became less effective .
 I was looking forward to this iron , my hairstylist had used one this size last time I went . The item took awhile to get here , about 5 days instead of 2 even though it was Prime . I took it out of packaging and plugged it in . Nothing , it was dead . I tried a few more outlets and it was still dead . I returned it for a refund and will have to look aroung elsewhere .
 It is not so useful , I bought it on March , but I do n't use it frequently . Guess what , it is broken , I have no idea how it is broken because I remember I used it on Tuesday , but today , two days later , it does n't work . I wonder why or how can I fix it ? Can I return it ? haha
 I got this straightener last week . After using it a few days I 've decided to return it . It does not keep its heat consistently and I have to wait after straightening a section to let it heat up again . Not only that it seems to fry my hair noticeably . I did n't have that problem with my previous ceramic straightener . I 've decided to replace this one with theHSI 1 '' CERAMIC TOURMALINE IONIC FLAT IRON HAIR STRAIGHTENER Free Bio Silk Samplestraightener as it had many excellent reviews . I do n't usually review products but I wanted to give my experience with this iron for those looking for a new one .
 Purchased this product at a local retail store and have had it only 3 months and the plates no longer line up when I squeeze it closed , not even close , they barely touch , and it has never straightened my hair as well as the Chi I had before this . I would not recommend for anyone with thick or hard to straighten hair . I was searching to order a new Chi when I saw this product and thought I should review , maybe save someone from the same disappointment and waste of money .
 THE PLATES DONT HEAT UP!I dont live in US or Canada , how am i supposed to return this ?!
 The plates are not quite smooth enough for my very curly hair . I am sticking with my chi -LRB- I was looking for a straightener with an auto shut off and discovered the newer version of the chi that now has one . I switched to it , and it is easier on my hair -LRB- does n't catch at all whereas this one does a little -RRB- .
 I do n't like it at all-it makes my hair dull , dry and fuzzy . I am really disappointed . My mistake was that I assumed that a flat iron could not possibly do a bad job and the price and brand dont matter , but obviously I was wrong . It 's worth its price . I didnt return it , because shipping is almost half the price of the flat iron .
 After a month of using this product it no longer heats up and i 'm very disappointed , because it was a great product when it was working . I do n't know who to speak to on getting it replaces , because I have only used it twice and would like to have continue using it !
 I bought this flat iron a couple months ago and it does n't work as good as i thought it would , the flat iron pulls my hair and it takes me longer to get it straight so i recommend to look for better flat irons i hope this review helps . -LRB- :
 I have think and curly hair . I bought this item because of the reviews I saw . This straightener does not straighten my hair completely . It looks a bit frizzy . It has actually damaged my hair alot . Not only that , but the ceramic has come off the plates . The plates are not turning a metal color . I was not impressed with this product .
 Looks nice and heats up well , but does n't clamp down enough to straighten your hair . Returned it today .
 I had the original CHI flat iron which did n't have the different temperature adjustment so I was looking for another flat iron that allowed me to lower the temperature . I did n't want to spend that much money on another CHI and a friend of mine said she liked her $ 20 flat iron that she bought at Walmart so I thought I would give it a try . I thought CHI was expensive because of its brandname . I thought all ceramic flat irons are the same . However this Andis flat iron pulled on my hair . It hurt and I lost my hair too ! I was curious how it could be different from a CHI , it was only a flat iron , could n't be that complicated . How could the CHI ran so smooth on my hair but not this one . I looked and realized the ceramic plates on the CHI were flexible so they could turn in the direction of them going down your hair . The Andis ' ceremic plates were rigid , they do n't move at all so they pulls on your hair . That 's the $ 90 difference ! I had to go back to my orignal CHI and need to save money for the CHI Turbo which has the temperature adjustment .
 I am not happy -LRB- or sleepy , or dopey , or etc. -RRB- This flat iron tends to overheat and the coating comes off ... on my hair ! Please !! This thing should be taken off the market , IMHO .
 It does not take 30 seconds to heat up i waited 20 minutes and the darn thing wont heat up fully ... my conair is better than this peice of junk . . do not listen to these reviews on here they are wrong . . DO NOT BUY THIS EVER its a waste of time and money the darn thing doesnt even straighten hair ... egh
 I read all these great reviews on this straightener , and so I was very excited and optimistic when I went to buy my Andis flat iron from Walmart . A week later , it was broken , would n't turn on . I thought that this would last me years , so I did n't keep the receipt . I feel like I just flushed $ 16 down the toilet . I did n't throw it in the sink or anything hardcore , just used it twice and kept it in my bathroom and it broke . I 'm pretty disappointed with this product.UPDATE
 I bought this because my straightener of five years is , well , in need of replacement.Having short-to-medium length hair , I thought that a smaller size would be perfect.I bought this particular straightener because it was so highly rated . But I returned it the day after I first turned it on . Why ? Because it did not heat up properly . I put it on the highest setting because my hair is thick and difficult to straighten , and then promptly forgot about it . When I came back to it half an hour later , it was warm , but not hot . I could touch the ceramic plate with my finger.Needless to say , back in the box it went and my old tired straightener needs to work a bit longer until I can bring myself to try again .
 Why would you guys send me a product that does not work . I cant believe this action of you guys .
 i dont have alot of money to spend on just a flat iron alone so when i saw this i didint even check the reviews i just bought it lol i was desperate what can i say :P but um i have noticed after using it for 3 months it has broken alot of my hair off and it doesint work well at all on wet hair as u have to usually wait five ten mins for it to reheat up again and sumtimes even while im using it it quits reheating up even when my hair is not wet the upside about this iron is it eventually cools down if ur not using it instead of staying hott which is nice if u forget to unplug it or sumthing i wouldint recomment TESTING it as in that would be very stupid ha i just realized that when i was putting on my makeup and i had to set the iron down for about 10 mins i have tried the really expensive nice hott irons curly hair runs in my family and my cousens have the realllly expensive 100 200 dollar hair straigheners and if u have the money i would just go ahead and buy those its wayyyyyyyyy better in comparison to this it makes this iron seem like crap hah . . anywyz i kinda wish i would have spent more money on a better hair straighener but oh well . . than i would have been BROKE lol so yaa ... ok well hope i helped later
 I liked this item for a couple of months , but I did notice it was far too easy to burn my fingers on the sides . I would n't set it down on anything because it definitely would have started a fire . Then one day it stopped heating up completely even though the light goes on.It has like a year warrantee , but when I contacted the company I got absolutely no response.I tried used two other flat irons since , and they work just as well without having burn-your-hands sides . I really liked that this one turned itself off , but I just bought a separate socket with a timer and I plug my current on into that . Works fine .
 I ordered this because my old one is an Andis flat iron and I liked it . But when I got this one it did n't get hot enough and my old one was hottter .
 I have the Andis 1 inch and it has an automatic turn off this does not also to big for my short hair .
 I bought this for my wife , as her 's had quit working . She does n't like it and went out and bought another brand . She said it does n't glide through her hair and takes much longer to work than her old one or the one she replaced this with .
 I have thick curly hair , so I need all the power from my flat iron . This one worked perfectly for a few months , but now it loses heat midway through . If you do n't need intensive heat for your hair , then get it . If you need heavy duty heat and longevity , find another iron .
 I hat to return this product and get my money back . it dosent heat up good . So it would take me 10x the time to do my hair .
 leaves marks in your hair as it goes through , cheap , not worth it , spend more .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift . Imagine my surprise when he person I gave it to gave it back because it never worked ! And I read up on this product on the Amazon site before I bought it and everybody gave it rave reviews . What a disappointment .
 It works . That 's about it . It 's worth the money ... I paid under $ 20 . But if you have seriously frizzy hair or trouble straightening ... this wo n't work for you .
 i had bought this straigtner at a store before and loved it . so after like 2yrs i thought i needed a new one so i bought it here . But after like 3 months it died nd stopped working !! - ___ -
 Worked well for only 3 months and then died on me . Will be contacting Andis regarding a warranty claim . Will update this review then .
 So I bought this about 8 months ago . It was ok at first and then it started going cool when I was only halfway through . The light would stay on but it just was n't hot anymore . I tried turning it off and on and all sorts of stuff but it would only get hot if I waited awhile . I did n't use it everyday so I could deal with this . Then the gold color started flaking off leaving gold specks in my dark hair . My hair would snag on the edges of the chipped away gold parts . I threw it out . I guess you get what you pay for .
 A few years back i got an andis ultra flat iron and it made my thick , curly hair pin straight so i thought buying this flat iron that i would get the same results , i was mistaken cause once u turn it on for a few minutes it heats up then shuts off when it gets too hot i did my hair with it and got frizzy , puffy results , very unhappy with it
 This flat iron did not work well on my hair . I have to go over my hair at least 3 times before it is straight but then it is frizzy I was would not recommend to friends .
 I bought this flat iron back in December and it is now out of service for good ... The ceramic plates simply stay cold no matter how long I leave the device on for.Very poor quality , and in the end expensive considering I now have to buy a new iron !
 Bought this one and it worked fine for a little less than two months , never mistreated and always well kept , but it decided to die on me . The red light stays on and the green light flashes , it never gets hot , and has now found its way into my trash can . Sorry , I understand these products like everything else have a shelf life , but this one was far too short . Buy elsewhere .
 This flat iron is nothing to rave about . Yes , it works fairly well and is worth the low price . Just file it under ... `` You get what you pay for . ''
 Unlike most the other reviewers I am giving this only one star because the product died a little over month since I purchased it . It sucked !
 do n't let the cheap price fool you into buying this product . i was n't expecting a top of the line dryer but i also did n't expect the on/off knob to come off on the first use . the lousy product was dead the second time i used it . it also smelled a lot like something was burning when being used . invest in a dryer that 's more reliable despite a heftier price tag . you 'll save a lot more money down the line .
 Bought two of these hair dryers , one of them stopped working after two weeks , I mean , it simply stopped working , which is , much better than the second one , which , has a strong burning smell when using . Botton line is , the second one works , and it works , something just seemingly burning inside . I had returned both for a refund since .
 It does look nice . I have to admit . I bought this , and an additional top -LRB- I got it from a store that had a return , but the top was fine -RRB- . However , it is heavy . Empty , it 's heavy . Load the top up with makeup , even makeup that 's depotted and reduced greatly in size , along with hair gear and small travel size bottles of styling products , and this thing becomes a bear to lift . I was mainly using one top repeatedly , and eventually it just bent upwards so that it was difficult to close properly . I sold the other top with the bottom of this case . This thing lasted maybe a couple of years . I switched all my gear to luggage , and it 's much lighter . It 's saved my back , and the luggage has lasted several years . I am only now considering replacing the suitcase , but I really do n't have to yet . It 's still functions as I need it to . I will not ever go back to these heavy cases.As an additional note , these do not travel well . You will most certainly get searched at the airport , so if you try to carry this -LRB- or just the top -RRB- on the plane , allow for extra time . I flew several times with the top , and got searched every time . Once I switched to a suitcase , I never got searched again . Further , if you are in an area where you take the subway , like NYC , or other public transportation , this is not the case for you . You will hate yourself.Edit
 I purchased what I thought to be Annick Goutal shower gel at Amazon.The shipment arrived late . As I was opening the box I discovered that the gels were not in a sealed packaged box , like there normally sold.Also three of the shower gels had leak out of the tub so the packaging was done poorly as well.Then when I went to use the shower gel , I noticed the fragrance was not right.I then noticed that the tubes had dust all over the outside of them.When I contacted the vender directly I was told they were sending replacements for the shower gels that had leaked.When I further inquired about the packaging and the fragrance being out of order the rep hung up the phone.I never received the replacement gels.When I contacted Amazon I was emailed a reply letter stating the return period had past.When I explained that the product I ordered was not an authentic product I was told I could appeal there decision.I did , I have not heard back.I have now filed a fraud compliant with my credit card Co.Lastly , I shipped the products back to Amazon only to have Amazon return the package back to me.I promptly returned to package to Amazon.They should stand by there products and not pass off fraudulent products to there customers.This is unacceptable.For Amazon to allow their venders to sell fraudulent products to there loyal customers and fail to protect there clients , outrageous.I know if Annick Goutal knew there products are being sold on Amazon as fakes they would not be happy.I 'm writing to the corporate offices in France to let them know of this fraudulent activity by Amazon using there brand.Truly , Ms. Jones
 I should have paid more attention to some of the negative reviews . Received dryer today . Pulled out cord . Pushed button to retract . Nothing . Tried to coax it back in and could only push it part way . Returning it to Amazon . And , am going to avoid Andis products . If they want to enter the low end market , they should make a product that works .
 If you are thinking of purchasing this item DO N'T waste your money . I bought it and put it aside until my other dryer that was 10 years old died -LRB- about 3 months ago -RRB- . I have use it 3 , yes 3 times . The 1st time after few minutes , it obviously tripped it 's safety mechanism , because it just hummed . The 2nd times it did the same , but I was able to dry most of my hair . I just used it for the 3rd time and I am typing with wet hair , as it only worked for about 2 minutes . JUNK !
 This dryer has a retractable cord , which is nice , but not when it fails to retract , which it did . After several years and very little use , the black finish became very sticky , so I do n't use it now . The best feature was a button to turn off the heat . Ca n't recommend this dryer though .
 Like the size , retractable cord and how the unit fols nicely ! Biggest complaint is that it does not have a direct enough defusser . Hair blows all over when trying to style with a brush . Overall , heat and power is not any better than several other dryers out there .
 i dislike the hair dryer and i was overcharged for it ; 38.50 by hairproducts.com . icky . the reason i dislike it is simple
 The second time I used the hair dryer , it stopped mid-drying and never worked again ! A total waste of money .
 I have very thick hair that 's hard to dry . This blow dryer dries my hair quickly and I loved the retractable cord . It was a great blow dryer till it stopped working 3 months after I bought it . Now what ?
 I loved it the first TWO times it actually worked . Then it died . They were quick to give me a refund though .
 The first time out of the box trying the retractable cord , the button that retracts it got permantly stuck down . I am sure that this is a direct indication of the quality of Andis products - be fore warned !!!
 Hi , I just bought this product recently and I am very new to hair dryer.Can any tell me how to use this hair dryer , as whenever I plug in the power cord and wait for the coil to heat up , it not getting heated up and I am unable to use it.Is something wrong with my hair dryer ? Please explain me how to use this hair dryer in detail ... Your effort will be very much appreciated.Thank you : -RRB-
 I ordered two . The first time I turned it on , it tripped the circuit breaker . I did n't even try to plug in the second one . It had features that I liked so I was sorry that it did n't work out .
 This was a piece of crap . I used it once where the air flow was so weak I figured I 'd have better luck drying my hair if my friend blew on it . The 2nd time I attempted to use it , it sparked and died . I left it in a trash can in Paris.DO NOT BUY !!!!
 Although this hair dryer worked fine to dry my hair , the retractable cord button kept getting `` stuck '' and would n't retract the cord . Amazon was very accommodating to the problem and immediately sent me a second dryer . Incredibly , the second dryer had the same problem ! I am returning both of them - very disappointed . I love the idea of a retractable cord - might try a different brand !
 It was very nice when it was working , small , powerful , folds in half , cord retracts , etc. . After 8 months , it made loud sounds and burning smell . I dis-assambled the dyer and found a small internal plastic piece broke and got into heating element . My other dryers lasted much longer than this one . I 'm not buying this model ever again .
 I eagerly snapped up this ionic hair dryer about over a year ago because of it 's retractable cord and folding capabilities . Even the price was attractive . It really did take up little room in my bathroom drawer and the retractable cord was a plus . I thought I had the perfect blow dryer because it did what it was supposed to do and quickly . Now for the bad news
 The retractable cord is wonderful . The air power is good and it does a nice job drying your hair . As mentioned by others , it is heavy . The handle is also clumsy to hold , especially for someone with small hands.My main objection is that it is much too loud and for that reason alone I would not buy it again .
 The retractable cord lasted for about 2 weeks . It was also much bulkier than I expected .
 BEWARE !! This is NOT a 220V hair dryer ! I searched this website for a 220V hair dryer and this was included in the results . I ordered it , shipped it overseas , paid duties , etc. only to find out that it is NOT a 220V hair dryer ! Most disappointed since I ca n't even try it out ...
 We have a home full of blow dryers , every bathroom has one and we keep our travel bags stocked with them as well . This one performs as well as any of the other low cost models we 've owned but it died 8 months into our use .
 This dryer conked out after I had it only four months . Do n't buy it .
 I suppose Amazon wants more than twenty word reviews so no one can just say , `` The product sucks ! '' But that is somewhat appropriate . It is also true about the manufacturer 's return policy . I was looking for an extra long cord , and found this one . I had n't planned on retracting the cord each time , as that seemed like it would shorten the time the dryer lasted . But I did it once , and it was trouble to not get it past the red line . The dryer handle was also was very large , and hard to hold without my hand cramping . Still , I kept it , as the ionic feature seemed to be good for straightening out my curly hair . After less than two months , the power button died , and I could not turn it off . I had to reset the outlet . When I checked about returns , it would cost me $ 10.00 for the return , and they would only return half of the purchase price . So I would wind up with around $ 5.00 for my trouble . And I still would n't have a dryer to use , as I did not want to have it replaced . I wonder if the company has this policy so no one will bother to return the item ?
 I had this blow dryer for a month and it just wo n't work anymore . It will not turn on at all . I should 've known there was something wrong with it when 2 weeks of using it , the cord would not retract all the way . Too bad , because aside from that , I liked the settings and it is quieter than most blow dryers I have used in the past . Buyer beware !
 Worked great the first 4 months and then died unexpectedly without warning . Not pleased - would have expected to get at least a year out of it !
 In May 2008 , I stayed at a nice hotel in Philly that had this hair dryer . I used it , loved it , came home & ordered it from Amazon . The `` push to retract '' did not work 100 % , but I did not expect it to -LRB- dumb idea -RRB- . Loved the dryer , did a great job on my hair . A few weeks ago I was using it when suddenly the barrel got bright orange like it was on fire . I turned the dryer off & unplugged it . Luckily I always have a `` back up '' hair dryer , so I dusted that off & used it . Plugged the Andis back in the next day , the switch was on `` off '' , yet the dryer was running at full speed . Changing the switch setting did not make a difference , it continued to run at full speed . I had to unplug it to get it to stop running . Waited a few days , plugged it in , and it was fine.Last week the barrel got bright orange like a flame thrower again and I had the same problem with it running on `` high '' even though the switch said `` off . `` Needless to say , the hair dryer is now in the trash , and I 'm on the hunt yet AGAIN for a hair dryer that gets hot enough to straighten my naturally curly hair , but does n't overheat itself or blow itself up . It 's not rocket science .
 I bought this 5 months ago , and it croaked . Just like that , it starting to smell burned -LRB- w/o smoke -RRB- and then it stopped . It was n't the socket , it was the dryer . Too bad -- it was a good price and it when it worked , it worked well . The best part about it was the retractable cord ... next ! Go for a brand name like Conair or Sasson . Their dryers last .
 Read the other reviews ... I wish I had spent more time reading them ! This hair dryer lasted 1 year to the day almost . While it worked , it was very nice ... . though the retractable cord feature stopped working shortly after purchase . But I did like the concept - a folding handle with a retractable cord . Too bad the quality is so poor . STRONGLY ADVISE - DO NOT BUY THIS BLOW DRYER . There are too many reviews like this one .
 I bought this dryer because I tried one at a hotel and loved it . It dries quickly and is lightweight and the retractable cord is a plus . However , after 30 days the coils started burning red hot and then it just overheated and stopped working . My hair is n't that long so I do n't think it was overused . Just not great quality . And unfortunately I barely missed the return window . I 'm going to spend a little more this time and get something of higher quality !
 It did not work in Europe . Every hotel in the US has a hair dryer . Why would I carry this with me ? However we need it in Europe when we travel . Garbage !
 The dryer does a good job as a dryer . The retracting feature on the cord failed within a couple of months . Andis warranty requires that the buyer pays for shipping it in , plus $ 6.50 to cover their handling . That should come to about the cost of buying a new one . Which I wo n't . I will go with another brand that really backs their products .
 Like another reviewer , I received this for Christmas 2006 and it stopped working the beginning of April . I really liked it but it just died . I 'm finding out that this is a common problem . It would probably be best to spend a little more to get a better quality dryer than to replace this one a couple time a year .
 I found this hair dryer to be much bigger then anticipated . The cord does not retract completely and has to be pushed in by handfor the last few inches . It is heavy and the handle is very bulky .
 I have purchased three of these hairdryers for my home and was very fond of the performance until yesterday . One of the dryers stopped working completely , while another not in the master bathroom outlet . I called our electrician to see if the outlet was having a problem which it was not . While plugging in one of the dryers , a huge flame shot out of the GFI plug and burned completely through the cord . The GFI cord did not work and there was luckily some minimal damange to the walls . Please be careful and make sure you have a GFI outlet installed in your home where you use this product . The electrician believed that the GFI on the hair dryer failed and the cord was risky for electrical fire.Be careful ...
 I liked the hair dryer but after less than 2 years the heat stopped working . The retractable cord did n't really work so well after the first few months . You had to push it in .
 I purchased this mainly for the retractable cord because my storage space is limited . The cord does not retract well and when it does still leaves about a foot hanging out . Even has a stopper -LRB- if it reaches it -RRB- that leaves about 8 inches out . I did n't even try to plug it in . Love Amazons return policy ...
 Dryer itself works well . I like the 3 speeds but only use 2 of them . The dryer is heavier than I expected and the retractable cord is a joke . First of all , it does not retract all the way . There is around 8 '' of cord remaining after holding the button down to it 's fullest extent . On top of that the retraction mechanisim stopped working after only 2 weeks .
 This is the 2nd Andis dryer broke within a day -LRB- different models -RRB- . They make worst products . The back piece broke off and went inside of the dryer . Started making super loud noise and burning smell . Not even retractable .
 This dryer is far bigger and heavier than a travel dryer should be . Plus , it 's no better than the crappy one at the gym .
 This hairdryer was my favorite one until it mysteriously stopped working one day for no reason . When it did work , it dried my hair -LRB- thick & wavy -RRB- in about 5 minutes ! I also loved the retractable cord . When unfolded , this is a full size hairdryer and it is weighty which I liked about it . However , it wo n't turn on less than 1 year after I got it . I have had previous hair dryers for years with no problems . This is not an expensive hair dryer so it was great while it lasted . I am giving it two stars because it did n't last . -LRB- while it worked , I 'd give it a 5 -RRB-
 As others have said , this works OK for a while but everything seems to break eventually . I used this product lightly , however the cord retractor broke after the button fell off and now the power switch does n't operate properly so I have to unplug it to turn it off . Also , it is a bit loud .
 I received the hair dryer and went to Thailand without trying it out . When I tried the dryer in Thialand it would only work on low speed and not on high .
 I usually do not believe negative reviews if there are many , many , many more positive reviews . However , I wish I had with this blowdryer . I almost never review items and when I do , they are positive . But this is a first . This is the worst product Ive ordered on Amazon . A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY . Literally the worst blowdryer . Is n't it a travelling blowdryer ? I took it to south america , a week after I 'd bought it , and it overheated and shut off . Needed to wait to cool off . Now its been maybe 2 months ? And it literally does not dry for more than 5 minutes because it over heats.HORRIBLE blow dryer . Seriously , do not waste your money . It is the worst I 've ever seen . Get one at the pharmacy for $ 5 more and you will be better off.Now I need to get a new blowdryer ... thanks ...
 Loved this dryer for the first month . Completly died after one month of light use . Avoid at all cost . Died right after the return period expired .
 I liked this dryer for the 2 years it lasted . I did n't use the retractable cord much as so many reviewers complained of it breaking . My problem was that it only lasted for 2 years , and I have thin , fine hair so it was n't like I burned the thing up . It was convenient for travel and did a good job , just did n't last . So here I am looking to buy another hair dryer again . I 'll try something else this time . Hopefully all hair dryers are not built to be disposable !
 I purchased this hair dryer because when I was staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas , they stocked one in the room and I really liked it - so when I got home I ordered one for myself . In less than a year , the thing kept cutting out on me . I would wait several minutes to see if it would work again , but it did n't until I kept blowing on it . Well today it started making some strange loud crackling sounds . I was going to blow on it , but decided I did n't want to risk it blowing up in my hand .
 I liked the dryer and I may buy another . But after 8 months of everyday use with no problems , it started to overheat in 2 to 5 seconds -LRB- glow -RRB- and would auto shutoff due to overheating . I think this was related to the switch going bad . The dryer is also loud .
 I thought this hair dryer would be great for traveling because it folds and has the retractable cord . First hotel I plugged it in , the power in our room went out . Second hotel , same thing . I did n't use it the rest of our trip . I tried it again when we got home . As soon as I tried to plug it in it sparked . In the trash it went . Big waste of money ,
 although the handle can be folded , but it 's still too big to carry around when you travel , heat is not strong , it takes long to dry your hair.and the noise level is just so high , make you deaf !
 Loved this hairdryer until it stopped working one morning when my hair was only halfway dry . I tried it in other outlets , waited for it to cool off , etc. but it was not going to revive . Nothing unusual was going on ; it just died .
 I wanted and purchased this one because of it is ceramic with a retractalbe . However , the entire dryer is bulky and the retratable cord went down soon , which is very annoying ...
 After 31/2 months after purchasing this hair dryer , the unit has burned out . This was not the first time I have experienced this same problem with this same dryer . A year ago I purchased the same dryer and the had the same problem . Would I ever buy another Andis product ... NO !
 I have to admit , I really wanted this to be a good review . Now on my second Andis RC-2 , there 's no way that 's possible without a serious caveat factored in.My first unit was purchased in April , before traveling to China for two weeks . It overheated the first day -LRB- in spite of the proper converter and adapter -RRB- , so it did n't get used again until returning to the states . For seven months , it ran great -- so great that I took it out of the carry on and began using it in place of my usual blow dryer . Then , POOF ! One day , it just quit . The motor hums , but that 's all.In December , I decided to buy another one for my carry on -- same make and model , figuring the first one died early because of the China experience . Imagine my surprise when the new one worked exactly five times ... then quit . Same problem . The motor makes a quiet humming sound , but that 's it.Maybe it 's unrealistic , but I believe a blow dryer should work for more than a few months , especially if the first four months ' worth of use are limited to time on the road . It 's a nice little dryer when it works , but my experience has been that `` when it works '' can be iffy at best.Sorry to have such a negative experience to share . Now ... back to looking for a new dryer ...
 Had for less than a month before it died . Loved the size , retractable cord , folding ability . It 's a bit heavy for a travel dryer , but I did n't buy it for that ... just it 's compact size and retractable cord . It just stopped working less than a month after receiving !!!!
 I once recommended this dryer and should have changed my review years ago . The retractable cord feature on the one I bought initially very soon failed . I contacted Andis and they sent me another one , but it failed in the same way . I could not get excited about going to the trouble of fooling with it again . I no longer possess this product and could not recommend it .
 I bought this hair dryer after using one at a Marriott hotel . Ordering online was great and I received the hair dryer within one week which was perfect since I was going on vacation and wanted to take it with me . I love the retractable cord and that the dryer folds in half.Unfortunately , within two weeks of receiving it , and the night before I went away , the switch on the dryer stopped working properly . It only works in the low position . Needless to say , I could n't bring it on vacation and have been so busy since returning , have n't had a chance to follow up on it . Great idea , just wish it worked out better .
 Found this dryer to be very heavy and completely stopped working after 30 days . Amazon was nice enough to replace the dryer at no charge , just after the return policy expired .
 Bought this one to replace a ConAir cord retractable , folding handle hairdryer that was purchased approximately 15 years ago . Disappointed to see the technology hasnt improved . Surprised to see the Andis is heavier , bulkier abd the cord doesnt retract as completely as the ConAir model . If I had held it , seen it ... wouldnt have purchased it . Doubt it will give me the mileage that the ConAir model provided me .
 Naturally , I bought this for the retractable cord . It broke within the first week . For once , I ignored other reviewers and hoped that I would be one of the lucky few who got a working retractor . It broke right away . Although it is OK , it is not one that I would have selected just as a hairdryer .
 I expected more from this hair dryer after reading the reviews . It was n't as powerful as I like and the opening for the air coming out seems to be larger than my last dryer , so it just goes all over the place instead of being more focused . The thing I 'm most unhappy with is the cord . I always buy dryers that have the retractable cord because I ca n't stand having to deal with the cord getting wrapped around everything in my drawer . Every other dryer that I 've had the cord goes all the way into the dryer just leaving the plug hanging out . This dryer has about a foot or more of cord still hanging . It is just a pain deal with the dangling cord while putting it in and out of the drawer every day . I 'm still deciding if I should return it or not .
 I purchased this dryer because I wanted a compact , easily portable dryer for travel & the idea of a retractable cord was appealing . It is NOT compact . In fact , it 's quite large & I returned it because the high heat level was not hot enough . It is n't ergonomic & it 's heavy . I ended up buying the Babylisspro TT Tourmaline Titanium Travel Dryer & I am thrilled with it . I have shoulder-length fine hair .
 This hair dryer worked well for a few weeks , and I was impressed with the speed I could dry my hair and the softness from the Ionic stuff . However , after a few weeks of use it broke . It over-heated and then the off switch would n't work , so whenever it was plugged in , it was on ! Very disappointed , as I was enjoying my new dryer !
 We have owned three of these and none have been reliable . The first arrived with a cord that would not retract . Amazon replaced it and that one lasted one year before it failed . It sounded like broken bits of plastic were inside the fan so we stopped using it . We ordered another and it failed after 6 weeks . The fan speed on ` high ' is about what you would get on ` low . ' There seems to be a quality issue here that I advise you to stay away from .
 My blow dryer broke after less than 3 weeks of sporadic use . I thought it was great at first , but was very disappointed that it broke so quickly .
 After reading the other reviews for this product , I was sold on it . It sounded light and compact , and perfect as a Christmas gift for my mother . I knew immediately upon opening the package that I would not be able to give it to her . While it is not huge , it is not a small travel-sized blowdryer either.So I kept it for myself because the size is comparable to other blowdryers I have used . The thing that annoys me the most is the handle which is square and not super comfortable . The Off/Low/Medium / High switch is fickle too . It has to be directly on one of the settings or the blowdryer wo n't work . It 's not a big problem , but it is an annoyance . Although the blowdryer dries my hair just fine , I would n't buy it again .
 ONE MONTH AFTER RECEIVING IT , AND OF COURSE AFTER THE 30 DAY RETURN POLICY HAD EXPIRED , THIS HAIR DRYER STOPPED WORKING . CHEAPLY MADE , THE CORD WOULD NOT FULLY RETRACT , YOU WOULD HAVE TO PUSH IT IN AND EVEN THEN IT WOULD NOT GO ALL THE WAY . THE HANDLE WAS HARD TO FOLD . WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT AT ALL .
 I had a perfectly good hair dryer but got tired of coiling/wrapping the cord around the handle or something every time I put it away . I bought the Andis because it has not only the retracting cord but also the folding handle , and space is at a premium in my place.The dryer itself does a good job . Not only is 1875 watts plenty hot but I use it on ` high ' and the motor blows the air hard enough that I can dry my hair in only about 5-7 minutes which is good.The disappointment is the cord retraction . It worked fine maybe the first half dozen times I used the dryer , and then suddenly it stopped short . It still retracts but stops with about 6 '' of what it used to retract , still out . Add that to the length that was never intended to be retracted , and voila , I 'm dealing with cord again - the one reason I bought the thing to avoid!Since the heater , motor , and handle still work , I 'm keeping it till I can find something better . I had never heard of Andis before this and I wonder if it 's just an off brand ... ? At any rate , do NOT buy this if the cord retraction is what 's gotten your attention .
 I am very disappointed . Since this is a travel , folding hair dryer it should be 110/220 dual voltage and it is NOT . For me it is a waste of money . It is also very bulky and extremely heavy . I 'm ready to throw it out . UGH !!!
 Broke after 1 and 1/2 months . Just stopped in the middle of drying my hair . read other reviews also , seems like a good deal but not worth it if it breaks this quickly and easily !!
 The dryer works OK but I bought it for the retractable cord . It works some of the time and almost never fully retracts .
 I purchased this hair dryer and when I plugged it in for the first time , it knocked my outlet surge protector and also the circuit breaker for the bathroom ! I had not even turned the hair dryer on ! It had the hot , electric smell . I sent it back for a refund which Amazon quickly honored . I will not try this brand again .
 The quality of this product was horrible . When you held it , you could feel how cheaply made it was . I was very dissatisfied .
 The design of this mirror is a good idea , but is downplayed by cheap parts and construction . It suctions onto a counter top or mirror , but does not stay adhered . The telescoping arm does not stay up because of the weight of the mirror . Also , the mirror appears to be plastic rather than glass , and distorts some . May be a good travel companion as it is compact when folded , but not good for every day use . Way overpriced for the quality .
 I travel often and wear glasses , so putting on makeup in a hotel room can be a problem . It worked well for a few months , then the post stopped staying put and the mirror had to be leaned against a wall to stay up . All in all , I am I underwhelmed .
 On the 4th time using it , even though treated tenderly and gently , some part inside came loose & now it makes a horrible very loud noise of grinding metal when you turn it on . Only used it 4 times ! Unbelievable.But what do you expect for 12.50 ? Sadly , Amazon has a 1 month return policy . Luckily there is an 800 number on the box . I called & left a message after hours at manufacturer office but they never called back . Sad . Guess I should not have waited a month or 2 to open this lemon . Luckily , I paid with a credit card . I should let Chase , who makes Amazon visa cards , fight it out with Amazon . Ridiculous . A real lemon . Bought new . Might as well have said '' toy '' if it tears up after 4 uses . Never buy an Andis brand anything ever again . Made in China , of course . You get what you pay for .
 Do n't bother with this dryer - on European voltage , it 's super hot and burns your hair ; on top of which it does n't work in the UK , or at least it did n't for me ; it would n't turn on at all .
 cool shot button does n't work at all , maybe it is the one i received . Good thing it 's cheap , not worth my time to make a return . The low heat setting is enough for me .
 I discovered this hair dryer at a hotel and loved how strong it was , so was excited when I saw it on Amazon do cheap . This is a classic case of you get what you pay for . Literally on the third use , it just stopped working . I returned it right away .
 I bought two of these hair dryers and within months both of them broke . One would only work on high and the other would only work on low . Obviously I can not recommend that anyone purchase these .
 I purchased this hair dryer based on the great reviews but I wish I would have chosen a different one.It dries my hair fairly quickly but if I use it for a few minutes and then shut it off it wo n't turn back on right away.It seems to overheat and I have to wait a few minutes for it to cool off . -LRB- Maybe I just bought a defective unit ? -RRB- I have never had this problem with other hair dryers .
 I ordered this Hair Dryer after I fell in love with one at a hotel that said Andis 1600 . Obviously , this was n't the same hair dryer . After it catching , twisting and burning my hair twice , the first time I used it , I did n't even finish drying my hair with it . It was also very uncomfortable to use as the buttons hit my hand wrong , but I 'm left handed . If you 're right handed , it would probably be OK . I love the fact that it is so light weight , but it 's much smaller than I anticipated and definitely not the one I used at a Marriott hotel . I wish they would put the model numbers on hair dryers . It would make our lives easier when we find one we like ! Had the same problem with Conair where I really liked one I used at a hotel , but tried to locate it and could n't . -LRB- because all it said was 1600 or something and that 's not the model # -RRB- Maybe Andis and Conair are the same company ? Put the actual model numbers on your hair dryers , Andis & Conair ! That would really help us out when we find one at a hotel that we love ! Thanks !
 I bought this dryer last year and loved it . I bought the new generation this year and it simply shuts off and overheats way too soon .
 This hairdryer is lightweight and has very good drying capability . I bought two to have one as a backup dryer . In less than a month both dryers over heated and stopped working . I returned both dryers for a refund .
 On its fastest fan setting this hairdryer has two heat settings , blowtorch and flamethrower . That explains how they manage to get nearly full size power rating -LRB- 1600W -RRB- through a smaller-than-normal opening with a smaller-than-normal motor . I really do n't recommend pointing it at your hair .
 I bought this a while ago and never needed it before 2 days ago.I used it for 3 minutes and it died.I would not recommend this product .
 I bought the Andis 1600 hair dryer as an alternative to the Conair 1600 . The Conair 1600 is now impossible to find anywhere , but I do n't like the more up-to-date 1875 watt Conairs as they blow either too hot or too cool . The Andis has four settings instead of two or three on Conair dryers , which provides good heat control . It 's very robust and not too heavy.What I did n't know when I originally wrote this review , however , was that it would only last me 8 months .
 I bought 2 of these because I thought they were very similar to what I had before . Each lasted about 2 uses before I heard something break inside and they would no longer turn on . No matter how low the price do not buy this hair dryer !
 It has a nice smell , the problem is that I ordered `` cologne '' , but they sent me `` after shave '' instead.No worries , I 'll still use it : -RRB-
 THOUGHT THIS WOULD WORK , SHOULD HAVE KNOWN BETTER.A PEN LIGHT WOULD DO THE SAME THING.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY , OR YOU WILL LOOK AS SILLY AS ME.I RETURNED THE PIECE OF JUNK
 what you pay is what you get . . it 's cheap . . so expect the quality of the product.it worked fine at first but eventually it 's not working.when it works , it 's good . it 's light . easy to use for amature.but not happy because it 's now broken . .
 Both the product description and one of the reviews claimed this to be a very quiet hairdryer . It is n't . I 've heard jackhammers that are quieter than this worthless dryer .
 Received this as a gift last night and if you own this , I hope yours works better than mine . Charged the battery overnight as directed and this afternoon I attempted to use the `` Professional Nail Salon . '' It fits nicely in the hand . That 's the only positive I can say about this product . Yes 6 `` heads '' are included , but not even one would remain in the `` Professional Nail Salon '' for even a minute . The suckers repeatedly flew out of the tool , flying all over the room and driving me nuts . I think I 'll pull out my Dremel flexible shaft and try that instead to finish the job I tried to begin today . At least I know the drill bits remain firm in that one until I want them removed !
 Some of the lotion had a very different fragrance . May be old and lost some of it 's fragrance ? I 'm not happy with 2 of the 4 lotions I received !
 I do n't know if my product is defective , I just got it in the mail . But it is not what I would call a hair dryer . It does n't generate much of a wind and it does n't get very warm . I would not even consider this something worthy of packing to go on a trip . I 'm going to send it back and keep my nice hair dryer which is just a little bit bigger .
 The first couple of times I used this I was pleasantly surprised that something so small could be as powerful as it was . Around the 3rd time it was alright until I turned it off and tried to use it to redry a section . Would n't turn on until it cooled off . Even that was alright , however the next time I turned it on sparks shot out of the blower opening . Thank goodness I did n't have it aimed at my head or face . Threw it in the trash then & there .
 I loved this dryer for its small , compact size and remarkably fast drying speeding . . so much so that I bought one after the other , after the other , when my first one burned out . I suspected it was because of the dual-voltage aspect , taking its toll on the little guy while I was in the UK and Europe . However , I started noticing a pattern when I bought MY THIRD Andis 33805 dryer in the USA . With fairly normal use -LRB- once a day at the most -RRB- and careful care , this dryer still did n't last A FEW MONTHS before it started getting too warm , lost its `` turbo '' power , sparked and ultimately fried . I guess you get what you pay for and I 'm not ready to shell out for Andis turbo # 4 , despite my previous love affair .
 Bought this hair dryer for our trip to Italy . Perfect traveling size , but when using the 250 voltage setting - only the high speed worked . It got way too hot on that setting to use comfortably . I ended up not being able to use it because it burned my skin and blew my hair too hard to style it . I started washing my hair at night and letting it air dry . The low and high settings work fine in the states on the other voltage , but it was a waste to buy it specifically for the dual voltage piece and then not be able to use it anyway .
 I bought this for a business trip , and it performed okay for that week . However , every time I used it , it created a smell like something was burning , which always made me uneasy . I still have it , but I do n't use it unless it is an emergency . I would not recommend this dryer .
 I bought this product one month ago to use it in Paris . I tried the low and high revolution at home before my trip in it worked perfect -LRB- off course I used the voltage that I have to use in the USA -RRB- . When I tried to used in Paris the high revolution did NOT work -LRB- Off course in this case I used the voltage for Europe -RRB- , so I have to dry my hair with the low revolution , it took me long time ... Then , tired of doing this every day I decided to plug the hair dryer to a voltage converter in order to use the high rev. -LRB- In this case I used the voltage for USA because I was using the converter -RRB- it worked for a 3 minutes and then it burn out .
 First time my wife used it in Spain it blew-up ! Need I say more ...
 I bought this hair dryer because it said it was `` dual voltage . '' I took this to mean it was comptaible with England 's voltage . I took it to England and even with the voltage converter it blew smoke and a blue light flew out the back . Needless to say not a good investment . I had used it at home prior to trip and it worked fine in America .
 Do n't buy it from amazon , it arrived on time buy it had scratches and looked used .
 I am getting the funny smell on `` high '' as others have described . In addition to the high heat setting possibly being too much for the hardware to handle , it 's also hotter than I can handle.The fan speed and temperature are linked , as there is only one switch . The low speed is too low , but you have to use high heat to use the higher speed .
 I purchased an adapter to take this hair dryer to Europe . When I arrived I switched the dual voltage button to 250 and plugged it in . It ran at very high speed for a few seconds -- then smoke came out and it ceased to work at all . Then the button fell out.I basically blew it up ! . I had to haul it around for the entire vacation so that I could return it when I arrived back home . Now I am ordering a replacement . I will have no way to test it in Europe during the new warrantee period.I am trying again , but a little nervous . I hope I receive the replacement and this does not turn into more of a hastle .
 Bought one in 2007 - went kaput in 2010bought one in 2010 - went kaput 6 month later!shoddy product - avoid
 I bought this little dryes for a trip in Brazil , but I tried first at my home in US . I used it twice and it performed okay . However , the two time I used it , it created a smell like something was burning , which made me scared of fire or some kind explosion , especially because I was drying my 3 year old daughter should length hair . So , I am not sure if this produt is like that or my dryer is defective.Please , anyone with the same smelly dryer ??????? I came back just to say
 Bought this for European travel plans . Tried it once and it seemed to work well , but does not fit my needs , so I will be returning it . I use a blow dryer to style my hair and usually use a dryer with a longer barrel . The shorter barrel on this dryer made the airflow blow my hair all around , preventing me from styling . The longer barrel lets me concentrate the airflow to the area I am styling . For just getting your hair dry , this one is probably fine .
 I bought this dryer to take on a European vacation with me . I was thrilled with the size when it arrived . I used it a few times in the States before I left and it worked great here . When I got to Europe , I tried to change the voltage on it and was totally disappointed . The voltage changer looks like you would use a coin or a screw driver to turn it . When I turned the knob , it fell out of the appliance completely revealing that it was n't attached to anything within the appliance !! It was just a hole with a little black plug that seemed to be put there to make it look like it would change the voltage . Of course , as soon as my traveling companion plugged it in the 250 volt outlet , it began to smoke . What a rip off !!! I have hair that must be styled and I had to buy a hair-dryer to use while in Europe . I would never recommend this to someone buying it for overseas travel . It simply does n't change voltage .
 I purchased this hair dryer based upon the reviews and a need for a compact hair dryer that can be used internationally.Beware
 We had this hair dryer for two years . It was for my boys to use , so all they needed was a simple dryer . They usually wound up using my nicer hair dryer as they just did n't like this one . After two years of limited use , it just started smoking one day and we had to throw it away .
 I set to 220 , switched it on -LRB- incredibly stiff controls -RRB- , it blew out . As a device for fusing the electrical system of your.average British home -LRB- where we were visiting -RRB- it is FABULOUS . As a hairdryer , however , it is a dud .
 i received the turbo and the shipment statement indicated that the other part of the order would come layer the wall attachment for the dryer has not been received id like to have it so i can use the turbo
 Very cheap ! Not much blowing power and very little heat . I can not recommend this product . I forgot to mention it is also VERY NOISY ! Spend a little more money and get you a good one.David / Ohio
 I was surprised to see how tiny it is for a wall hang-up . I got one with the nightlight for another bathroom -LRB- does n't come in black ! -RRB- and it was much larger . This one would look silly in a main bathroom , it looks like a childs dryer .
 A very ordinary , even mediocre hair dryer . Too small , which was hard to tell from it picture online . And its VERY loud . Sounds like a shrill airplane taking off . My daughter hates it and wants to cover her ears when I use it on her hair , even on the lower speed setting . Of course being a hair dryer it has to be used around the ears so ... I would not recommend it , and suggest you turn on a bunch of hair dryers in person before buying it online . BTW , it dries just fine and blows air quite far .
 Over heated and shut off within the first five minutes of use . Returned to Amazon . Would in no way recommend
 I bought this hairdryer as I was moving and needed to leave my older one in the house I was moving from . I bought it in advance of the move and it stayed in the box . I have now opened it and hung it on the wall . After I turn it on it shuts itself off fron overheating in less than one minute . I am past the 30 days to return as I did n't open and use it when I got it . It is a piece of junk . Do n't buy it . Now I am going to have to lose my money on this piece of crap and buy another one to replace it .
 Not a good purchase . My unit shuts off when run on high setting after a couple of minutes . Nothing is obstructing the flow . Thie other setting -LRB- low -RRB- manages to stay on but dries your hair to a crisp .
 The dryer was great for about 3 weeks . It was easy to install and had tons of power . It dried my hair faster than my old dryer and was extremely light weight , however , it DIED ! I was drying my hair and it looked like something was on fire inside and about 30 seconds later it shot a streak of fire out and quit . The heat source still works but the motor wo n't . I am really disappointed with this purchase .
 This thing is way to small to be useful . If it were a portable , perhaps , but this is a wall mount ! It 's like a mini hand dryer . Returned it immediately after receiving it .
 Lost the low heat setting in the first couple months . It caught on fire before it was a year old . Would n't recommend
 I bought this and as I attempted to mount it on the wall , the plastic part that holds the screw broke off . I could still mount it with one less screw but I 'm not sure that 's a good idea . The dryer itself seems to work fine , but if you want a wall-mounted one you might want to look for something a little sturdier and less frustrating to hang .
 I was hopeful about this product . Oil of Olay has been pretty good for me over the years . But I agree with some of the other reviewers . Far from `` filling out lines '' and moisturizing my lips , this product has actually dried out my lips -LRB- a lot ! -RRB- and done nothing for lines . Do n't get how Olay can make these claims , because I see zero of the results they promise . A very expensive , very disappointing product .
 i would not recommend this product , it does n't do what it says it will do . Save your $ $ do n't buy
 product is no different then putting chap stick on your face ! It does nothing . I should have requested a refund .
 ever searching for the product that will work . this one has n't yet . I 'll give it longer then the promised 2 weeks and see what happens
 I saw no improvement or any difference as in before and after use I would purchase this again , nor would I recommend
 Overall , I 'm a dedicated Olay product user . I love how their night creams moisturize my skin and cleansers/exfoliators remove dead skin and makeup . When I purchased the anti-aging lip treatment , my hope was to have more nourished lips but that really did n't happen , even after months of regular use . The product glides on smoothly and does n't have any scent or flavor , but it felt waxy and heavy on my lips , like I was wearing a thick lipstick . The result was n't anything better than using plain Chapstick , very disappointing.I 've read that this product may help reduce the appearance of fine lines around the mouth , so perhaps it would work better with someone who has more aged skin than mine , but I really did n't notice any change on or around my lips .
 Well I never got the item , but I was refunded the money without having to contact them .
 This product made my lips very dry and cracked . I usually use Burt 's Bee balm to keep my lips hydrated . The Olay product not only did n't fill out any lines , but actually dried out my lips incredibly and made them crack . I would definitely NOT recommend this product to anyone.I tried their skin and eye Regenerist lines and really like them . I was hoping this would work as the skin care line was highly rated by Consumer Reports , but alas , it did n't . It actually made things worse and at $ 6 , a tube , I would save my money and buy three tubes of Burt 's !
 I was very disappointed in this lip treatment . My lips tend to be very dry and I am always looking for something new to try for that problem . This product actually made my lips even drier and redder . It feels great going on but after that it is downhill . I normally love the Olay Regenerist line of products and that is why I thought this was going to be great . Sorry to say , but the Anti Aging lip treatment just does n't cut it .
 I 'm a loyal Olay user and it 's the only brand of products I use for skin care ... so I was excited to see this lip product come out . I was disappointed after using it , it cakes up and leaves that white line on your inner lip and in the corner of your mouth . I have n't noticed any difference in using it and it does n't moisturize any better than your typical chapstick would . I wo n't be buying it again , it 's very very overpriced and not worth it .
 I was addicted to Neutrogena lip plumping treatment until it was discontinued . This is no comparison . My lips are still dry , the product is gone already -LRB- lasted only a few weeks with twice daily application -RRB- , and the whole stick has broken off several times . Yuck .
 I bought this dryer 2 months ago , and even with light use , it has now quit working . Do n't buy this - it 's junk .
 Mounted unit on wall per instructions and almost every time I used it , it would stop working before i finished drying my hair . I had to run fish my old blow dryer out of the trash to finish , keeping the old one on hand to use each time the Andis quit . And once it quit , I could not make it turn back on , no matter if I pressed the RESET & the TEST buttons.This unit has -LSB- quote from owners manual -RSB- , `` an APPLIANCE LEAKAGE CIRCUIT INTERRUPTER -LRB- ALCI -RRB- safety device which will shut the dryer off -LRB- making it inoperable -RRB- under abnormal conditions , such as falling or being immersed in water . '' This ALCI may be a good concept but it turns out that if you move the dryer back and forth too quickly , its hair trigger mechanism senses catastrophe , shuts down and stays that way for who knows how long . The next day it 'll work again until mere movement back and forth make it inoperable . I never dropped it , immersed it nor did I bump my head with it while drying.If you turn it on carefully and just hold it in one still position while moving only your head around , you can keep it going but this is not the way I dry my hair and this is not a recommendable hair dryer because of its over-sensitivity to normal hand movement.Also , it is EXTREMELY & ALMOST PAINFULLY NOISY .
 This is the third Andis hang-up dryer I 've had . The first two were great -- worked for years . I bought this one on June 10 , 2011 . It lasted until September 8 , 2011 . It 's too late to return it now of course . So I 'm out the money and out of a hair dryer . Very disappointed !
 This is the third Andis Hangup Hairdryer I have bought and the problem is the same in each one , the switch ! I just bought this last one less than a month ago and the on/off switch is already giving me trouble . This will definitely be the last one regardless of its convenience .
 I bought one of these and it lasted 1 month . Great customer service sent me another and now three months later the same thing happened . The low speed switch burns out . Unfortunately this time Amazon bails out and makes you deal direct with the manufacturer for return.I 'm going to Conair .
 Do n't waste another minute of your life looking at this piece of junk . I am VERY disappointed.First , the wall-mount ... these screw anchors are the largest I 've used on such a small device . My last mounted hair dry used pilot holes almost half the size . My son 's book shelves used smaller holes than these things ! Then , once you get these beasts into the wall , the unit mounts onto the mounting plate with a single turn screw . So the white plastic unit still wiggles every time you use the hair dryer!Second , this thing only runs for 15 seconds before overheating -LRB- yes , I timed it -RRB- ! Sure , you could turn it down so the heating coils are off , and the fan still in high , but what 's the point?My wife , with shoulder length hair , refuses to use it because it turns off so quickly . Do your self a favor and look somewhere else !
 I installed the first one 7 months ago . Worked fine for 6 months , then stopped working . Both the fan and heating coil were not operational . Took it apart and used my multimeter to see whether I could find out where was the problem . Not the GFCI , not the switch . The heating coil was still intact . No easy work around . My daughter likes this dryer . I bought another unit from Amazon . The new one made clicking noise when I was installing it . Took it apart and saw a piece of white plastic inside . It was not broken off from the dryer itself . Seem to be a random piece included as `` bonus for returning customer '' . Will see how long this second one last . It is not likely I 'll bought the third one .
 Andis 33295 Hangup Pro Turbo 1600W Wall Mount Hair DryerMotor would not start . Thus returned.This is my 3rd Andis as I love wall mount type in my bathrooms . Previous 2 did not last very long . Found there are other brands and therefore , changing .
 Save yourself time and trouble and expense , this product is comparable to anything you would find at wally world , nothing special at all . Ended up throwing it away after using half the bottle .
 bought as Xmas gift for wife , matched the 1600 kw of our previous Andis blow dryer . But it lacked the blowing power alot . The light was also very bright on the wall mount , had we kept it I was going to remove the light . Did not meet our expectations , so i returned the item to Amazon .
 I am returning this hairdryer -- that is , if they 'll let me ; I still have n't received a reply to my request and it 's been a week . I tried it once and found it had a high-pitched loud whine which my other `` quiet '' hairdryer fortunately did not have -LRB- Sassoon ; discontinued -RRB- . Also , the cords were too short and the light is way too bright .
 After using the dryer -LRB- which I liked very much and did a quick job -RRB- , I discovered that my hair was being ruined . It would break off in small 2 inch curved pieces.I stopped using it for a month and confirmed that was the problem because the lavatory was no longer filled with broken pieces of hair.I would like to return it and get my money back !!!
 I have been wanting a wall mounted hair dryer for a long time and this was the only one I found that had a cool setting . At least I thought it had a cool setting since the cool button is pictured and it is in the description , but when it arrived today it was the same model # that I ordered but the product is not the same . Very disapointed .
 first hairdryer arrived damaged , second hairdryer only lasted five months before overheating . Now what , I have no box to return the item but I am going to let the company know my dissatisfaction with their product and see what happens . I 'm going back to Conair !
 I really thought that a product with `` turbo '' in its description would pump out more air . It produces adequate air flow and is quiet but quite heavy . If I knew then what I know now , I would buy the smaller , lighter dryer .
 having owned a couple of the predecessors of this dryer , which were always quite satisfactory , I find this `` newly '' designed mounting system to be a poor excuse for a mounting bracket . The screws meant to hold the dryer to the bracket are totally inadequate . . too small to withstand the torsion of removing and replacing the dryer on the bracket . I ca n't imagine how much was saved by changing to this style , but it certainly leaves a bad taste for the overall quality of the dryer .
 Hair dryer was purchased in mid-January , it quit working in less than 30 days.It was purchased to replace an Andis that looked identical and worked for 5 years.This model has a switch to change from 1200 Watts to 1600 Watts . An hex wrench is needed tomake this change , but is not included with the dryer . The previous model also had a `` cool '' buttonwhich this model does not have.Now the dryer has to be shipped to Wisconsin for repair ...
 I purchased two of these Andis 30975/HD -10 L 1600W Quiet Hangup Hair Dryer with Night Light . The product is difficult to install as the back plate is hard to align , and comes with the tiniest screws . Also , the manufacturer ships the product with the cheapest wall anchors . I had to purchase expandable Mollys to properly anchor the dryer to the drywall . Once installed I discovered that the night light does not work on one of the dryers , and the night light is not replaceable . It 's too much trouble to take it down , repackage the product and take it to the post office , so we 'll keep it.Andis 30975/HD -10 L 1600W Quiet Hangup Hair Dryer with Night Light
 Installed hairdryer for use in our motorhome . Attached to wall surface and plugged in to nearby electrical outlet . After several hours , we began to smell an `` electrical '' odor . Upon investigation , we discovered that the hairdryer -LRB- around the nightlight area -RRB- was SO hot that we could not touch it . In fact , it was so hot that it actually blistered the plastic housing around this area . We immediately unplugged it and have requested a replacement . But we will be watching this item very closely for the the first few days . We had not read any reviews before ordering that indicated this kind of probem , so we are hopeful that just this one was wired incorrectly . I will post a follow-up review in the future
 They last only about 30 days . Only using about 15 mins a day . this is the second one . I will not buy again .
 Bought this hair dryer a year ago and we need a new one now . It keeps shutting off and it is not dust jammed . The nightlight is really too bright and you cant keep in on the high setting because it gets too hot and you can smell it burning . I think hair dryiers should last longer than this .
 I have owned two of these units . I threw the first one away when , after running it on hot , it could not be restarted until the unit cooled down . Chalking it up as a defect , I purchased another unit . Same thing . The new unit simply shuts down when on high-hot . I do n't want to wait until a hair dryer cools down to use it two consecutive times . I can not recommend this unit .
 We have a small bathroom and the hair dryer never got put away so it was always in the way . So ... I did a lot of research and settled on this product . I figured , OK , they make commercial products so this should be decent.My first one began to make a noise like the fan was loose and got to the point where it was unusable . It was under warranty , so I sent it back . They replaced it no problem . Occasionally you get a lemon , that is why we have warranties.Well . . It has been less than a year and the replacement hairdryer is now making the same noise . It is going to die . I will try to send it back again , but it is hardly worth the effort . I promise there is nothing unusual going on here . Too bad it is not made better , we really liked it .
 I bought this item and when it received the box was in bad shape , the dryer work , but the light did n't . I sent it back in the same box it was received and they returned one that did n't even run . I would not reccommend this iten to anyone . I bought the same one from target and it works gread . I would recommend you not to order it from amazon .
 night light went out after 2 months , i found out the warranty was only for 1 month ... . this is a good product but the warranty sucks.I am going for a full refund through American Express . . not through Amazon . lost in the woods ...
 hair dryer worked good for about 1 year . Then the switch broke , fused in the open position.I would not buy an Andis product again .
 Hi , Based on being happy with a previous order of the smaller and louder Andis 30925 Hangup 1600W Wall Mount Hair Dryer with Night Light , ordered this as a replacement.This unit is like it 's from a totally different company and I 'm not happy.The button to cut off the power is flimsy and you have to muscle it . I used to turn the unit off to shut off the bright night light . But the button is like screwed up - maybe its just mine but its not easy to use anyway.The night light is WAY too bright for one . It 's like having a small table lamp on , so way to much to be called a night light.Also , the mounting is different . You install a plate first , then screw the unit onto the plate . It was hard for me to do compared to the other Andis unit I got and then after a while it started to come loose.If I had to guess , Andis purchased this product from some other company and slapped their name on it . Big mistake because I had been very loyal based on installing a few 30925 units around the house.I 'm returning this and trying the Conair 134R unit which got great reviews.Sorry Andis - You 'd better up your game to keep customers loyal .
 I have had this hair dryer for 6 months and I hate it . It has little blowing power and sometimes quits because it overheats before I finish my hair . Most of the time I drag out my old dryer from the drawer .
 We were very disappointed with this hair dryer . We 've had one before and really liked it . This one is very noisy . Maybe it 's a lemon . That 's the chances you take buying online , but we could n't find this hair dryer in the stores .
 I 've purchased this hair dryer twice . I like the dryer so when the first one burned out after very little use I thought it was a fluke and purchased another one . The second one also quit working after very little use . I 'll never buy another Andis product again .
 I 've wanted a hangup dryer for a long time , when we put in a new bathroom , I decided on the hangup . I bought this in black . It looked good but I could n't believe how long it was taking to dry my hair . I finally gave up and got my old one out and finished drying my hair in less than 30 sec . I sent it back and bought another hangup dryer -LRB- 1875W from Andis -RRB- . The construction is not as nice but drying time is fast .
 I would NOT recommend this item , the wall mounting system is poor . The screws utilized to mount dryer to the wall bracket failed on the first turn . Additionally , the night light stopped working after 1 day .
 This hair dryer is vey poor ... . I have portaable hair dryers with the same 1600 watts and this one does not even come close to the power of my portable ... I am very disappointed . I will not order again ...
 the dryer is to hard to remove and replace into it 's cradle . Also it is not powerful enough .
 I bought the first one and hung it on the wall in my guest bathroom . Within two months , it went dead . Bought a second identical one and it went dead in the same period of time with no one using it . Too bad because I really liked the light and it worked great when it worked .
 I like the convenance of it hanging on the wall and the night light is nice . But it does n't seem like a 1600 watt hair dryer . It has very little power and the power switch tends to turn off if you do n't hold the handle just right during use .
 Bought Andis June 10 , it died . Was replaced June 26 and today after 5 months it died again . Otherwise it WAS a nice hair dryer .
 Had the hair dryer 6 months kept it clean from lint and it worked very well , after 6 months of use it burned-up , I know it 's probably under warranty , but who wants to fool with it .
 Based on mostly positive reviews I purchased this hair dryer - usually the reviews on Amazon are on target - not this time . This dryer appears to be well built and fits the space on my wall fine but has two major flaws that make me regret my decision to purchase :1 . The night light is way too bright .2 . More importantly , the air flow on the high setting is woefully inadequate for me !!! Trying to dry my hair each morning during this hot summer has been no fun with this hair dryer barely pushing very hot air at me . It usually leaves me sweating with semi-dry hair.I hate to waste hard earned money , but I 'm looking at trashing this unit and finding a replacement -LRB- I used to have a Sunbeam model that worked great -RRB- . Good luck shopping !
 I purchased this hairdryer & within a couple of months the low setting quit working . Andris replaced the unit & the second unit did the samething-the low setting quit working . Would not purchase again .
 After two months it just keeps overheating ! Filter is clean but constantly shuts off . I have very short thin hair and this hair dryer has to cool down at a minimum of three times before I can dry my hair . Not very powerful , a waist of money and another item sent to the land fill .
 I 've tried the Murad acne skin kit but could n't continue to use it because it made me break out even more . I am allergic to it and I would n't recommend it to people with sensitive skin or have skin allergies . I have tried the gentle proactive formula and it is great , you just have to continue using it daily because if you miss using it a couple times in a row , the breakouts will come back .
 Be sure to read the whole description as this hairdryer has to be HARDWIRED in and not just mounted on the wall and plugged in .
 This one is going back , can not be installed . It is a HARD WIRE model , which is described in the PRODUCT INFORMATION !
 Andis MicroTurbo with this model number on the outer box - not even close!Andis 30095 Micro Turbo 1200 Watt Hair DryerWebsite picture of the the picture and description is misleading .
 very difficult to install . There are other models that have a plug in and much simpler that look exactly like this one .
 My current Andis wall mounted hair dryer stopped working and I wanted to order another since I do like the product . Unfortunately , when I ordered this product the description did not indicate it needed to be `` hardwired '' rather than just plugged into the electrical outlet . I had to return the product and that cost me money in non-refunded shipping costs !
 There is nothing in the description that indicates that this is a direct wired product . I did not open the package until we moved to our new home and discovered the mistake . Now I can not return it because it is past 30 days !!!
 I purchased 3 of these units for the bathrooms in my bed and breakfast . The dryer is held in place at the top by a lever , which you release to remove the dryer from the wall unit -LRB- and which also turns the dryer on -RRB- , and by a plastic `` lip '' at the bottom of the wall unit that the handle fits into . The plastic `` lip '' on two of the wall units broke within days so and the dryers can no longer hang from the wall unit . I called Andis and was told that there was nothing they could do . It 's a good concept , and the dryers work well -LRB- although they are LOUD -RRB- , but the plastic wall unit just does not hold up .
 I was thrilled when I found this item at Amazon.com becasue I had always wanted a hair dryer to mount on the wall . I decided to use it before I had it mounted to check it out . After 5 minutes it just stoped working . I packed it up and sent it back . I would not judge every dryer made by this company by this one , I may have just got a hold of a lemon .
 First unit lasted two years and the switch gave out . From reviews and comments online this seems to be a constant theme . But , since we had the holes on the wall , we gave it another try . Second one , just one one year , and flames came out of the dryer and actuallly singed hair . One year and one month so warranty does n't matter . On the other hand , I am not sure I want more burnt hair . I will have to find some other solution to hair drying . The portable dryers we have , some well over 20 years old , seem to work when called upon . Perhaps we have to go back to putting one in a drawer and pulling it out as we did for many years before the flame thrower .
 I rarely write reviews , but I wanted to warn others of my experience which seems to be very common with this hair dryer . There are not many wall mount hair dryers to pick from , and I mostly liked this one while it worked . BRIGHT night light -LRB- can be good or bad . . I liked it -RRB- , nice physical design , and decent power . I thought the air volume still did not compete with most $ 15 standard dryers , but if you are not looking for big air volume , it is fine . My wife misses a `` cold '' button . So in all , a mediocre hair dryer but with great wall mount convenience and bright night light . Now with the issues ... Bought 18 months ago , worked fine except overheated very easily . If used on HIGH , it would run as long as you want till you shut it off , then the internal temperature would apparently overheat with no more airflow , and would refuse to turn back on for 5 minutes or so . Annoying , but I got used to it by going to medium heat for about 10 seconds before shutting it off every time . That seemed to cool it down just enough not to trigger the temperature limiter in case I needed to turn it back on right away . I probably would have pitched it , but I liked the wall mount convenience and put 4 holes in my wall to mount it . Well , here we are 18 months of life , and now it is completely dead . Night light on but the hair dryer is not home . I am electrically capable and could probably open up and fix this thing , but it is not worth the safety concern . If you want to pay a premium for wall mount , just know you might only get a year or two out of it . . others seems to have similar experiences . Sad that the $ 10 hand held models seem to last much longer . Anyway , to cover up the holes in the walls , I am trying one of the other few wall mount options out there by another manufacturer . If this one dies , I am giving up on wall mount . Good luck ... hair dryers should not take this much thought .
 This week , our second Andis wall mounted dryer burned out . After our first failure , I always checked and cleaned it out on a regular basis . Prior to complete unit failure , the internal thermal protection would turn the unit off prior to my wife finishing her hair . It would typically work again the next day . The first one lasted about 3 month , the second one about 8 months . I have another model from a different manufacturer in my bath and it has worked for over 10 years . We purchased this one because of the claim to produce less noise -LRB- not really -RRB- and the night light . The night light could be too bright for some , but it was OK for us . I just order another wall mount from a different manufacturer . In less than 1 year , I will be $ 120 + for one hair dryer . Not good value . Plus , I am sure I 'll have to make new mounting holes and , patch and repaint over the old ones .
 We have had this model on our wall for years . Then we started buying them from Amazon vice other catalogs/sources . Two in two years . Current one purchased July 2006 and broke Nov 2006 . These have faulty switches that melt and/or deform . WARRANTY ????? First one from Amazon did last 18 months or so .
 I ordered this hair dryer and it came with an open end wire instead of a plug . What 's up with that ? Needless to say , I returned it .
 This new product line just popped up on ShopNBC and Amazon . They played up their cult following in Europe on ShopNBC -LRB- complete with rep with accent -RRB- but I have not been able to find 1 review on the web for this product . Given the pricing , I would not buy until someone , somewhere can tell me whether it is worth it . Their own site sounds more like an AVON pitch -LRB- be your own boss , blah , blah , blah -RRB- so that makes me leery of the truthfullness of their `` luxury '' tag line -LRB- with apologies to AVON but they know their market and do n't price out of it -RRB- . Has anyone actually used these products ?
 I purchased the productHemorrhoidal Medicated Pads With Witch Hazel - 100 Eamid August 2012 . First
 Has not helped in any shape or form . I am currently also using Product 7 that does work . Tried using this along with it and it has done nothing . Does n't work other than to get my face and neck soft .
 I wish I had paid more heed to some of the reviews on here before buying this . The cream smells good , not overpowering , and feels good on the skin . However , the next morning I woke up to tiny pimple-like bumps all over my nose . Let me interject here that I RARELY ever get breakouts anymore at my age -LRB- early 40s -RRB- . Not pleased at all , and wo n't ever buy this again !
 I applied Olay Total Effects one time . I thought the scent was strong , but hoped that it would dissipate in a few minutes . Wrong . I had to wash my face and hands - twice - to get rid of the stink . And I do mean stink - overwhelming fake floral yukkiness . Like perfume that costs $ 1.99 for 16 oz . at Walmart.If artificial fragrances bother you , give this one a pass .
 I have been using the product for 4 months and have been applying it to my face every night before bed.PROS
 I 'm in my mid 30 's and I bought this for use only on my neck and jawline . I have combination skin , my neck is n't usually oily but this product made me break out . I gave it two stars instead of one because it works great on my hands ! Obviously it 's expensive for a hand cream but I did n't have to throw it in the trash because it did n't work the way I was hoping . If you have combination/oily skin try to get a sample of it first just to make sure it does n't make you break out .
 I do n't like the way it dries into my skin and I have to really scrub in the morning to get it off .
 This moisturizer is described as Fragrance Free , but it is decidedly not - one of the more fragrant moisturizers I ever used . My sensitive skin much prefers fragrance free moisturizers , and that was my sole reason for puchasing this one , so I was very disapointed .
 I did not like the scent of this product . However , the thickness and texture of the cream is great . I do n't think its a magical cream that will firm up your skin , but it moisturizes .
 Was not very happy with this product . The pencil was to soft and I felt it didnt do anything to my lips . Would not purchase again
 This is basically a wide pencil lip liner in a nice , neutral color . However , the `` plumping '' is 100 % non-existent ... not briefly , not even with very wishful thinking . It 's a ripoff and the price for no more than a plain lipliner is exorbitant .
 Lip pencil seems drier than before and the color is a little off from previous pencil which I still have . Would not buy again as very disappointed .
 I know this line is glorified in women 's magazines but frankly I think it 's hype . You will get softer , smoother lips but we 're talking about the pencils.The color was blah , it does n't go on well and I think the color choices are n't that great.I would n't buy the product again .
 I started used this body butter to prevent stretch marks , it did a pretty good job , however I found it to be quite greasy for that purpose . I imagine it would be good for general leg moisturizing or the like.I stopped using it when someone got me a gift of Bliss Body 's Shea butter , and the consistency was MUCH thicker and butter like - and much less grease .
 I bought some of this product before at Costco in a pack of 4 , loved it , was the only thing that has alleviated eczema on my hands , so I bought this product with automatic future delivery , and I am not as happy with it . I checked the list of ingredients and do n't know what the actual difference is except this is not labeled organic like the original was . It is still a good product but does n't have the slickness and penetration as the other I had purchased .
 I adore Tree Hut 's products , and I wanted to love this one - but I just could n't bring myself to use it . Do n't get me wrong , the consistency is true to the ` butter ' name - smooth it on and it seems to melt onto the skin , making it feel quenched without leaving residue -LRB- Like my old real shea butter mixture -RRB- I am NOT sensitive to perfumes , I usually love almost everything I smell . Even then , this Brazilian Nut makes me wrinkle my nose . I would n't dare walk around smelling like this . It 's like rotten vanilla , as someone mentioned.The reason I gave it two stars instead of one is because of not just the texture , but after about an hour of wearing it when the scent calms down , it smells great - but it 's not something everyone will smell on you unless you 're in close contact . I personally do n't want to reek for the first hour . I purchased Coconut Lime -LRB- I have the scrub so I know I love that scent -RRB- and I wish I had n't taken the chance on this scent .
 I had previously given this product 5 stars but they have changed the makeup of this product and it no longer has a thick , butter-like texture . It now feels like many other non-descript lotions . I had remarkable results from using the more solid type lotion , but am completely unhappy that they messed with perfection !
 I received the Tree Hut Tahitian Grass Body Butter as a gift a year ago . I loved it ! Just finished it , so tried the Tree Hut Coconut Lime Body Butter . The consistency is completely different , and I just do n't enjoy it . Feels kind of `` synthetic , '' so I tried the Shea Body Butter , and the smell is strong and unpleasant , at least to me . Lots of people seem to like it , so may be individual preference . I wish the Tahitian Grass Body Butter in it 's original formula would come back . It had a light and clean scent , easy to apply and a great consistency .
 Just a warning , as it is not clear by the labeling or description . This is not shea butter , it a silicone moisturizer in which shea butter is an ingredient .
 I bought this product because it was advertised as having a strong lime coconut scent but I found it had no smell at all to speak of . Manufacturer asked for product codes to see if there was a problem with that particular run . I supplied them and never heard back . product not as advertised and customer service poor .
 This is the strongest , most disgusting smell ever . I have a terrible scent headache from this lotion . I 'll either return it or use it as a stinkbomb .
 Although this is touted as a natural product , it has a nasty synthetic fragrance as it 's base which is really vile . Do n't buy it , get Kiss my Face , Desert Essence , or some truly natural shea butter product instead .
 sorry , but this one stinks . i like all other , but not the brazilian nut .
 Beware
 This product shipped on time but in horrible condition ! The makeup was old & oil had risen to the top of it ! It was completely unable to be used ! What I attempted to scrape out was greasy & spotty ! I would n't advise the purchase of this product from this vendor !
 I 'm sure this sunscreen is great , but I bought it thinking my 2 year old would sit quietly as I applied it . Not the case . I went to Walgreens and bought a spray sun screen that works much better for a wiggly toddler .
 Clinique stopped manufacturing this particular product -LRB- `` Clinique Repairwear Extra Help Serum '' -RRB- . This product has been replaced with updated versions .
 I do n't know anybody who would actually buy this stuff . It does n't smell bad , but it 's not great , or even good . It smells more like an aftershave your barber would give you ; overpoweringly musky . You can easily find an excellent cologne for even less than this stuff . The `` Designer Imposters '' label has body sprays and colognes that smell identical to the expensive designer brands and are very affordable .
 I order two bottles one was leaking from the bottom . Will never order this cologne thru the mail for my father . Poorly packaging and disappointed with amazon .
 Bought this to help get rid of cellulite , and used it for 3 weeks . Did n't see any results , so I did not buy another tube .
 I bought this product for my bushy frizzy curly hair . I used it with and without a diffuser and it did n't work .
 I was extremely displeased with Phiou Offer 's Pure Poison fragrance . The fragrance is disgusting -- smells nothing like it should , has a stinky after-smell , only lingers about 10 minutes , and last but not least , the spray nozzle broke after a couple uses and no longer works . THIS IS CLEARLY NOT CHRISTIAN DIOR !!! I bought some Pure Poison today from Sephora -LRB- that smells fantastic , like it should -RRB- , and I compared the box , bottle , and fragrance to Phio 's , and they are definitely NOT the same . The quality of the Sephora product is superior . Do n't waste your time or your money at Phio Offer 's storefront !
 This perfume smells wonderful . What is a total bummer , especially since it is made by Dior , is that the perfume fades in a few hours . You need to reapply it . It does not last . I can buy $ 20 perfume that lasts all day . It must have a lot of alcohol in it and that is a rip off .
 This body lotion does not smell like the perfume !!! I was really disappointed !!! I love the perfume and it was a reason to get the body lotion , but it has another smell !!!
 This shampoo is beyond gross . After two weeks of daily use -LRB- as advertized on the bottle -RRB- my hair became so greasy it looked like I had n't showered in days even directly after blow drying.Simply do a search of others ' reviews on this product . You 'll quickly find that many others have had similar issues with this shampoo.I must say , though , that during the first week of use , my fine , wavy -LRB- and color treated -RRB- hair developed a thicker texture that held flat ironing and styling well . But , by the second week it was so greasy I could n't even get to styling -- soooo gross it needed to be washed AGAIN and with something else!I did n't think one 's hair could look dirtier/greasier than before shampooing , but Paul Mitchell nailed it on this one . Do n't waste your money on this stuff . You can get greasy hair for free ! -LRB- I 'd give this a negative star if it let me . -RRB-
 It says oil free , but with my crazy sensitive/combination skin , I should have known better.I 've been using this moisturizer on my arms , shoulders , etc. for some light sun protection though so not all is lost .
 It was nice to use at first ; it makes your skin look fresher than it was when you use it . However , a couple of weeks ago I noticed there was glitter all over my hands everyday and it recently occurred to me that this product has glitter all in it . Hence the `` morning glow '' . However , it never specifies that on the bottle . I ca n't believe I walked around with glitter on my face for 3 months .
 I bought this moisturizer extremely excited and hopeful , because I have very dry skin -LRB- especially in these winter months in colorado -RRB- and it had such great reviews . I opened the bottle up and get this chemical smell that is fairly strong . I couldnt wait to try it , so I cleansed and toned . When I put it on my face it was very hard to rub in , and although it wasnt greasy it just sat on my skin in a white film . I barely put any on ! A few minutes later it turned my skin to an odd orange-ish tint . Is that the `` morning glow '' ? Ive been using it for about a week and it has started to break out my skin and hasnt helped the dryness even a tad . I regret buying this product . I wish it had worked .
 Reviews for this moisturizer are all over the board , but I had high hopes when I ordered it on Subscribe & Save . Am I the only one who got a bottle that 's grainy ? It literally feels like I 've mixed a little sand in with the lotion when I massage it into my face . Possibly I just got a bad batch , but I did n't get any of the glow effect others talk about in their reviews , not even an orangy look described by one person , just lotion that wo n't quite melt into my skin because of the graininess . I first looked at it in my magnifying mirror , thinking it might have little sparkles that produced the `` glow '' , but I could n't see any . Makeup goes on okay over it , but even if it did n't have the graininess , it 's nothing special.I just want a daytime lotion that I can depend on to protect and nourish my skin , with no hassles . I 've tried everything from the most expensive brands I could find online to the cheapest -LRB- always based on healthy ingredients -RRB- . So far , the RoC and Regenerist products are about as good as any . I 'll use the rest of this Morning Glow Moisturizer on my arms and hands , which is what I always do with facial moisturizers that I 'm trying to use up . Sorry for the negative review , but in fairness , it 's my experience with this lotion .
 I should have known that this product would make me break out . The scent is extremely strong . People with sensitive skin should avoid this product . I ordered 3 bottles of this lotion based on the reviews . I gave the lotion to my insensitive friends and they love it : -RRB-
 I PURCHASED SUNG AND IT DOES NOT HAVE ANY COMPAIRABLE SENT TO THE BOTTLE I ALREADY HAVE . I REALLY HATE IT AND WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING ELSE FROM THIS COMPANY .
 I bought this cologne because of the reviews that I read on here . When I recieved it and smelled it , I had to get on here and make sure I did n't make a mistake . I thought for sure it was a womans purfume . Weird that the ratings are so good on here .
 My wife loves Alfred Sung perfumes . I decided to try the men 's cologne . When I put it on , I noticed right away that this cologne was not for me . I had an allergic reaction to it . However , I gave it to my son , and he has been using it , and has no problem . It 's probably just me .
 I bought this cologne for 2 reasons ; -LRB- 1 -RRB- The company that makes this cologne also make `` Hei '' , which is a very good cologne . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The reviews on here were so enormously positive I was like `` sure , why not ? '' However , I was very disappointed when I got it and sprayed a couple of squirts . It smelled like something that would have been popular in 1985 . It 's a very old smell with little -LRB- if any -RRB- real masculine qualities . Usually , I buy high-end colognes like `` Lacoste '' , `` Polo '' , and `` Sean John '' , etc. . Because this is a cheap brand it was not a dent in my pocket . I was just glad it did n't cost $ 50 - $ 60 like other colognes . Needless to say , I WILL NOT be making a second purchase .
 I 've bought two -LRB- one for my friend -RRB- 3,4 oz each bottles of Bandit EDP -LRB- sold by Amazon -RRB- last week.One , by the way , was opened and roughly sealed again by scotch tape.What a shame!And I can not return it , because it is `` non-returnable '' ! The perfume itself smells like new car tire , there are no any `` top notes '' ! Beware of `` bottled in the US '' perfumes ! My sample from Bergdorf Goodman -LRB- made in France -RRB- smells different.Unfortunately , they do n't have Bandit in stock now.My friend asked me to buy it online , but it was huge mistake - it 's just a fake .
 I purchased this as a present knowing that my sister loves this perfume . Perfume is very personal I think , so I 'll just give my opinion of it . It smells overly floral and I personally think it smells terrible . Someone else , however , like my sister might love it . It 's very subjective .
 I purchased this product because it was suggested to me . Unfortunately , I saw absolutely no difference in the condition of my relaxed hair after using it . I actually gave it away after two uses to my friend . I 'm not sure if she finished the bottle but I know that she was n't compelled to buy another . If you can try it for free , go for it . I just found that it was n't worth the money I spent on it .
 I love Aphogee . I hate this product . I 'm black and I have soft hair that has really deep waves . It does n't like to stay straight and even with relaxers it reverts . It takes forever to dry and frizzes with the first sign of moisture . Clearly that means I blow dry and flat iron a lot which means heat damage , and since I use Aphogee treatments and conditioner I tried this . It makes my hair sticky , dull looking , and fluffy no matter how much I use . Once it 's in no amount of oil sheen , hair grease or cream will give it shine , and it stays sticky until I wash it out . I am now looking for another product .
 This is just like colored water on my hair does nothing to help my hair I still shed when I used this but try Redken anti snap I find that much better but its a bit drying but you have to know how to use it but it definitely works unlike this .
 I used this a few times and my hair looked really dirty and greasy afterwards . I wash my hair every other day , and if I use this , the following day my hair looks so greasy that I have to wash my hair a day early . Perhaps my hair is just too fine . I prefer the Bumble and Bumble thickening spray ; it also has the hydrolized protein in it as well .
 I was getting a lot of breakage from using the straightening iron and my daughter suggested that I look for a keratin product . I ordered this and the Aphogee shampoo for damaged hair . The shampoo is just OK -LRB- I have n't seen any dramatic changes yet -RRB- , but I 'm not liking the keratin spray at all . I have n't noticed any decrease in hair loss , my hair feels sticky and-when I brush it-it feels like I 'm actually getting MORE breakage ! It 's only been a week , so I 'll keep using it for a while longer and see what happens.UPDATE
 when i brought this i was originally looking for something to spay in my hair every day but i decided to get this instead it really does n't do anything for my hair and yes i followed the directions and applied heat to my hair after i washed it but i could live without it . i really dont see what it 's doing and i 've tried it a couple of times ... so yeah , but the chi keratin mist does wonders for my hair i love that product but this i wish i could return it but i already used it
 i dont even know what this does , i bought it hoping it would help keep my hair healthy and cut down on the dryness , over all , it didnt do much for me , invest in something better , although my hair style is curly african american hair
 I have mixed texture hair ; very very long , being mostly strait with just enough curl in sporadic places to turn it into a witchy-poo frizz style , when left to it 's own devices . Its Dry on the ends , oily at the roots , and down right tempermental with a mind of it 's own.I have had much success with brazilian keratin treatments , although the price of getting them is killing my bank account ! Hence , me trying this product , ... Honestly , I 've been using this product religiously for about two weeks , after every shampoo , -LRB- every other day -RRB- even though the only directions that are near to clearly specified , are to use it `` after chemical treatments '' . It is pretty unclear as to exactly what/when to use it other than that . So , Because I saw 0 % evidence of this even being in my hair -LRB- no exaggeration ! -RRB- after using it conservatively the first time , then I stepped up the spraying , and now use it after shampooing , like a leave-in conditioner . I have even begun to use it like a water spritzer to help tame the funky frizz outbreaks while my hair is air drying ... -LRB- my hair au natural -RRB- Blow drying , and ironing are no different . Zero Results!It lists water as the first ingredient on the label . Thats the only honest word on it . I 'd bet money that there 's not much else other than water in the bottle . It has pretty much no smell , no taste -LRB- yes , i admit I tasted it , lol -RRB- no color , and ultimately has NO EFFECT at all on my hair texture , volume , softness , or shine . Not even on my skin where it oversprays !!! It is just an orange H20 spritz bottle . No more , no less.Don ' t buy this , unless you have to throw cash away on a dare.The only way to waste the money more , would have to be to pay someone $ 7 to punch you in the lip . Then atleast I 'd have a plump or `` volumized '' lip !!! With this purchase , I did n't even get that , ... Aphogee makes a knuckle sandwich sound great.I 'll continue to use this though , and update accordingly , since I am still holding out for the `` ahh haa ! '' moment , where I can see some sort of product transformation , or `` Reconstruction '' as it describes itself on the label . I 'm not gon na hold my breath for that though ... ------------------------- UPDATE : It 's now the end of July , and the results are in . NO CHANGE WHATSOEVER.This product is worthless , and if you saw any sort of benefit from it , you 'd have seen the same from using a spritzer bottle of water . Plain water.Useless product ! I 've been `` off '' of using it for a week or two , and honestly , my hair is EXACTLY as frizzy as it ever was before & during the use , no change.Save your $ people . This stuff is worthless .
 I got this to help with my split ends because I blow dry daily . I am a blonde with fine hair , perhaps its not made for me , but I didnt think it was all that great .
 I just bought this hairdryer because I was looking for one that would dry my hair faster . It has not dried my hair any faster than the regular non-ionic , non-ceramic 1875 W hairdryer I was using before . On top of that , it is very awkward to hold . It seems top heavy , perhaps due to the new technology , and the handle does n't fit in my hand well . I 'm returning it and plan to get a different model .
 I had used Matrix Essentials Proforma for several years ... it was discontinued ... My last can was nearly empty , so I went on line to try and find this product ... perhaps someone still had stock on hand . I found several sites that had the new substitute product , called `` Solutions '' with the picture of the Solutions can ... I had tried this product when it first came out and I did n't like it . This website had the exact can pictured with the same quantity of contents as my last can , so I ordered 8 cans . I could have purchased the `` Solutions '' for less at other sites , coupled with free shipping for a $ 75 order , but was more than happy to pay more and pay for shipping to get what I really wanted . When it arrived , it was the Soultions . I notified the supplier of my dissatisfaction and heard nothing back from them ... now I see they have changed the picture to what they really have , not what they represented having when I ordered from them . I am very disappointed and feel I was suckered into a bait and switch !
 this was absolutely orangy AWFUL >> >> > DIGUSTED W/IT ... beyond awful ... extremely disappointed ... was going to send it back ... but why bother i thought -- i 'm too ticked off . . and threw it out ... need a bronzer type -- not orange !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The company was great about receiving the returned item . They issued my refund promptly . The product was the wrong tint color for me so I did not get a chance to try it but given the chance for the correct color I would do business with this company again in a heart beat . : -RRB-
 Previously I had purchased this from a Ritz-Carlton Spa . When I received the one I had ordered through Amazon , it was so hard to open that it burst the seam on the back end of the tube and I have to use it that way . In addition , it has a different odor than before which makes me wonder if it was an old tube and that 's what caused the cap to be practically sealed shut .
 I 've been using this product for a number of years & just loved it.Since they 've changed from the pump bottle to the tube they have obviously changed the moisturizer , now it is thin & does not cover well at all . So I am in the process of finding some other tinted moisurizer . What a bummer . Look at the dates of the previous reviews !!!!
 I have gotten this eye liner directly from the Chanel website and absolutely loved it.Unfortunately it was discontinued when I needed to re-order - I was thrilled to find it here.I was so disappointed the first time I used it - it flaked all over my eyes , my cheeks and the rest of my face . Now , since I had purchased before I knew this did NOT happen with the product directly from Chanel so I can only discern that this product is NOT what it claims to be.I wanted to give it a second chance , and a third . . both times it still continued to flake and by mid-day my eyes were a mess - so not the quality of true chanel style.ONLY BUY FROM DIRECTLY FROM CHANEL.So bummed ...
 I was going to order this today but I noticed the price went up 5.00 ??
 this is the worst smell ! its like a super syrupy caramel . it literal stunk on me . it didnt smell like a sugared apple at all . as a matter of fact i didnt smell any apple . i will say , it doesnt smell synthetic at all just overdone
 I normally love the Body Fantasy sprays but I absolutely despise this one . It smells AWFUL , like bitter burnt sugar . I sprayed it and it got all up in my sinuses and caused an instant headache . I gave it two chances , but I will definitely be pouring this one down the drain .
 Back when this sponge was only $ 2 , it was a good deal , especially for pushing your cart total over $ 25 for free shipping . The price is currently almost $ 5 now , so I would n't even consider it unless the price dropped . You can get a pack of 3 at a well known department chain store -LRB- BB&B ;-RRB- for around $ 6 , and quality is either the same or better -LRB- not sure if the three-pack is still available -RRB- . The sponge itself is decent , though I find it rather small.Edit -LRB- 2/9/13 -RRB-
 My use of this sponge lasted for a total of two showers . All seemed nice . But on the third use , I loaded the sponge up with shower gel and the sponge immediately began to unravel into a single piece of crinkled material . Perhaps this specific one was defective but I am certainly not purchasing another one !
 I was disappointed with this product . It is too soft and I have found that products available at Target and other retailers are better .
 I 've bought these before when they were $ 3 and now they are almost $ 10 . You 've got ta be kidding !! Why would someone pay this much for a single sponge ?
 Looks like I would have enjoyed this product if it had n't had an off odor . Washing the item in the washing machine failed to remove the odor .
 This product smells horrible . Nothing like a violet . This stuff is runny , leaks and smells like flea medicine . Very differnt from Body Time brand oils , I 've tried in past .
 I rarely leave Amazon reviews but I had to chime in to agree with the 2-star review
 There is fragrance in this and retinyl palmitate ; I thought that it would have natural fragrance from essential oils but no . The fragrance is nothing like honey and orange and it smells artificial to me . I wish amazon would list all the ingredients . It is pretty expensive and the tube was n't even sealed so I do n't know if it has been used ! Not worth the shipping price to send back .
 I used Monsieur Houbiugant Musk cologne for thirty years . I love the scent especially after a time , how it blended with my body scent . People always told me I smelled like a just got out of the shower . No More ! Dana had changed the product and the result is a vegetable mustiness that is unpleasant . I am so disappointed that I can no longer have this product as it was . Dana , if you care , please return to the original formula.Joel
 The product was advertised as cologne but arrived as cologne spray . I have used this product since the 1970s and the quality/strength of this particular item is weak and does not last . Very disappointed . I 've purchased many bottles through Amazon and this is the first one that failed .
 this item had no smell to it -- cologne that you cant smell wow they should test products they let people sell here
 It appears Dana has changed the formula for success . I 've used Monsieur Musk for many years and this product is not the same . The fragrance is different from the original .
 I do n't know why I bought this musk . Maybe I thought it was like some kind of pheromone potion that would drive my wife wild . Well it 's just way too strong , like all masks . I use it to deodorize my dog , but it is like torture
 I didnt even reiceve this . All I got was the box and it was open from the back . The seller didnt even try helping me .
 I tried this on a blind buy because I have been satisfied with other Bod Man scents but this one has a strong floral smell . There 's nothing fresh smelling about it , it just has an overpowering feminine flower smell . I do n't suggest buying this scent if you want to smell like a guy should smell , which is not like a flower garden .
 I do not like this type of buffing cream . It has really fine particles in it that really buff . It was scarry feeling . If felt like I might be damaging my skin . I do not know if I was but I only used it once and then returned it . I was scared of it . It felt really creapy . I like other products , but this company , so I thought I would try it .
 Purchased this because of the claims that people saw a difference in 1 day . I am NOT one of those people sadly . I have dry skin and experience hormonal break-outs from time to time . I did n't notice a difference at all after using this product . Maybe it 's for younger , or even oily skin .
 Disappointing.I purchased this product in the hopes that it would reduce the daily increasing amount of acne appearing on my face and chest , but three weeks of use has yielded absolutely NO improvement.I have applied it morning and night , following the directions and rubbing a thin-ish layer on my moderate-to-severe breakouts . And with each morning inspection in the mirror comes frustration , for my acne simply will not go away.I do not recommend this product .
 I used this stuff on a big red pimple near my jaw 2 years ago . After several days of applying Clean & Clear the pimple just would n't go away . In fact not only did it not go away it made the pimple worse . It just turned into this dark purplish mushy spot after a while . I could n't even bring it to a head at least . After many weeks the mushy part subsided but I was left with this big dark spot that stayed on my face for MONTHS . I had to always cover it up . Even after a couple of years I still have a light scar from it.Anyway , that was just my experience . I am sure it probably does work for some people though that 's why I decided to give it 2 stars instead of 1 . There are better products out there that I have used , but if you decide to buy this product I 'd recommend trying it first in a hidden area to see how it reacts with your skin before using it on your face.About me : Fair to medium complextion.Somewhat oily skin.I am from the mediterranean .
 It does help at the first week or the second . but , later on , it does not help at all . I do n't know why .
 I 'm gon na have to disagree with the claim that it doesnt over dry skin . . it definitely does . I put this on as directed for two nights , nothing happened . it was n't until the fourth day that I noticed all the peeling happening around my pimples where i put the product . was soooo drying , made the parts of my skin dry and flaky and gross . i peeled off the skin , because it was just too disgusting not to . It did clear up my skin a bit , but it was n't worth all the nasty peeling . Would not recommend , would not buy again .
 I felt a small zit coming on 4 days ago - a little sore and a teeny bump . Put this stuff on 2 times a day for 3 days and guess what !!?? Now I have a full fledged zit . You 'd be better off leaving it alone . This stuff really is sh * ! - DO NOT BUY !!!
 I got this stuff to try , and while it works at first within a week it does n't , I know have even more zits than I did . So not cool .
 I usually get a few of those big , red pimples around my period or when I 'm super stressed out , and I decided to try this out . It did absolutely nothing but make my skin burn for a few seconds , and the skin around the pimples got dry and flaky . I have had a pimple on my chin for a week and have been using this product as recommended - clearly , the pimple is just doing this own thing and I am rubbing clear ... stuff ... on it just for kicks .
 I tried this spot treatment for four months . I applied this salicylic acid treatment almost nightly to any acne blemishes . It burns pretty bad but , beyond that , I do n't think it works . I ran out of this stuff a few weeks ago and my skin looks the same , if not a little better . I should mention that I may be finally adjusting to the ortho-tri-cyclen that I was prescribed to help with my moderate acne but , all I know is my skin did n't seem to improve at all with the use of this product .
 This eye cream is not rich enough for women over 50 yrs . Maybe because it is in the winter , but my skin around my eyes was still dry after applying . Also , my makeup accentuated the fine lines when using this eye cream . I will try in the warmer months and see if eye cream does any better .
 At forty-three eighty-six per case of six -LRB- the price as I type this -RRB- , the product comes to seven thirty one per bottle ... you can get a bottle on the Mrs. Meyer 's website for four ninety-nine . I 'm just saying ... do the math before you buy .
 I was eagerly awaiting my order as it was forwarded to me in Japan from my home in the U.S. I was so disappointed when I realized that the color was not the same as the product I had ordered a few months earlier . I ` ve used Revolon Colorstay products for the last 6 years and Cappuccino was always my color . However , I think Revlon has changed the color -LRB- I compared it with the product still remaining in an older container -RRB- and now I ` m out of about $ 40 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- as I ordered more than one bottle.My advice , check the color before ordering more than one even if you ` ve used the product for some time .
 Be cautious . I bought this cologne - which is sold and shipped by Amazon - and if it is not a counterfeit -LRB- I trust Amazon -RRB- , it is expired . Its scent is weak and fades quickly . I am used to Lagerfeld 's Photo and I should say the other ones I had were not only strong but lasted for a whole day at least . I bought four of them , and I wanted to return the three unopened ones . This is what Amazon tells me : `` For safety reasons , items that are classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases can not be returned to Amazon.com . `` Put differently , it is permissible to ship hazardous materials to customers but not the other way around . This is odd , to say the least .
 Very disappointed in the purchase.I am not sure what to write in the review here , because I believe this is where you review the product , not the seller . But I can not help but bring this matter up in here , to perhaps keep someone else frombeing ripped off.My husband smells wonderful in Photo.It has been a while since we bought any , because it is fairly expensive and we 've been through a rough patch.I thought I 'd celebrate a change in the situation with a bottle of his favorite cologne.There is barely any scent in the bottle we received.I do n't know if what is being sent out on this listing is older than dirt and thereforeweak , or it has somehow been watered down or forged and resealed.Whatever is going on with it , it barely smells like Photo at all.I guess it was indeed a deal too good to be true.The shipment was quick , and it LOOKS like a new , sealed bottle , but when sprayed , you about have to stick a nostril directly on it to smell anything at all.DEFINITELY not like regular Photo !! The real thing can be smelled very clearly and you do n't haveto be super close . Even after a direct spray and sniff , almost nothing.Something is very wrong here.Lagerfeld Photo is an amazing scent that smells fantastic on men.We used to purchase ours at Dillards , but no longer live near a mall.However , the bottle I received -LRB- and apparently others as well -RRB- purchased from THIS listingbarely resembles the Photo scent . If I was blindfolded and asked to identify the scent , I would wonder if someone was kidding with me - yes , it is that weak.On my rating - if it was based on this purchase alone , I would rate it one star . -LRB- Actually , less than one , but you ca n't do half-stars . -RRB- If it was based on true fresh Photo spray , I would rate it a five.Therefore , I went with a two , because this is not a fresh product , and I feel a bit ripped off . It ca n't be returned.BE FOREWARNED : The regular Photo is fantastic , but what is being sold in THIS particular listingis either tampered with or older than dirt itself.Buy it someplace else if you want the true Photo scent.UPDATE JULY 2011 : I 've read other places that Lagerfeld has changed the formulation on this fragrance.Why , I do not know . But , know that with this purchase , you will get the new version , whichis a weak watered-down substitute of the old one in the black box.I 'll never buy it again . Time to look for a new fragrance for my husband.What a shame that the company decided to mess with such a FORMERLY great product .
 I planned it to be a Xmas gift , but I had to throw it away . First of all it came unboxed -LRB- ordered from Tuccini -RRB- . The box was damaged , so there was no way it could qualify as a gift . The smell was so cheap , it literally stunk!I really have no idea why people give this product good reviews . Could it be that I have received the fake one ???
 This perfume was given to me for a CHristmas present . It smelled awful ! The box appears large but the perfume bottle is tiny , and I mean tiny .
 I love the scent of baby phat goddess . The product is absolutely flawless and for a great price . I suggest everyone buy this product online instead of in stores because it will save you about 40 % . I bought this product in Nordstorms and it cost $ 40.00 on sale . Make sure the shipper gives you exactly what you pay for . My boyfriend bought me this product from an amazon seller and he paid for 3.4 ounces but they only shipped him 1.7 ounces . The seller did deposit the difference back into his account but he wanted what he bought instead of the money . So I strongly suggest buyers make sure they contact the seller and confirm what will be shipped before their order has been processed .
 It had little bitty lumps in it like it had spoiled . Will never order discontuned products from clinque again . I had a brad new bottle that i brought from the store to use first so it was several months before I knew it was sour . I ordered two , Expensive .
 I purchased this item from Amazon when the department store was out of same . I had used this product for many years and loved same . However , this product is no longer being made by Clinique and was clumpy and lumpy and obviously old and stale , and out-of-date . It should no longer be available on Amazon . I should have returned same as it was not useable .
 This has been my makeup for 20 years and has been discontinued . The product received had small lumps throughout and an odd smell . I 'm unable to use this makeup .
 While lots of light gets blocked out , the elastic strap broke off one side within the first week . I had to knot it to hold it in place . You get what you pay for .
 I did not find that the lip volumizer did anything for my lips in the slightest . I have used it religiously every day now and nothing has changed . It is a nice smooth feeling chapstick but it was n't cheap so I most likely wo n't be purchasing it again .
 This fragrance is nice but does not last but a few hours . Also the cologne leaks around the cap when you spray it -LRB- it 's obviously a defective cap and more than likely the reason the perfume was 1/2 the price of dept store -RRB- . I would not repurchase the perfume or use the same store .
 I bought this combo after reading the reviews and after my friend recommended it for my heat damaged dry , thin hair . My hair was naturally silky and straight before I damaged it with straightener . I wanted to get my original hair look with this . First use it was good , after few washes I did n't see any major difference . My hair was still dry and not sleek . My friend still swears by it and I like how her hair looks -LRB- hers is very thick and long -RRB- after blow drying . I decided not to buy anymore of this one , may be its not for thin , flat , dry hair . Herstyler shampoo conditioner combo from amazon worked for my hair so I totally switched to it .
 My fiance has been using this make & model of shampoo for many years , and this particular shampoo from this particular seller is distinctly different . It looks and feels like something else - like generic shampoo . The ` real ' stuff she loves looks more like conditioner -LRB- more solid white than regular shampoo -RRB- but this stuff has a more clear-ish look and feels different . The smell is similar though . She believes that it is simply not the same thing - possibly even an imposter posing as Matrix . Either that or Matrix decided to change their formula .
 I used to use Tresemme that 's four dollars for the same size bottle . I decided to splurge and spend some money on myself , but what you get for your money here is not dramatic or life-changing results . I 'll stick to the Tresemme in the future .
 Before I started really reading the labels on hair products , I really liked this product ; however , the shampoo contains - Sodium Hydroxide -LRB- it 's caustic , and is found in chemical relaxers , which are used to permanently straighten the hair , and can even dissolve the hair -RRB- , and protein -LRB- which can cause even more frizz if it 's used often -RRB- .
 Where do I start ? It is such a contradiction to its name . My hair became ultra frizzy and unmanageable after using this product . The irony is that my hairdresser recommended it to me because of frizz ! My hair started falling after starting on this shampoo-conditioner regimen and I am stuck with this huge bottle -LRB- my bad ! -RRB- for the next three months . In my defense , I trusted this product blindly because of the Matrix tag . From now on , I am going to stick to Biolage . That is the best hair product I 've ever used on my hair!And oh yes , I am going to change my hairdresser too .
 Broken and cracked bottles - I agree that I loved this stuff at the salon but was sorely disappointed when I used it at home - truly seems like a knock off product in my opinion ... ugh !
 I was very disappointed when I received my product!It was packaged poorly in just a large bubbly brown envelope . When I received it , the caps on both the shampoo and conditioner were off & broken , and more than half of the product -LRB- conditioner -RRB- had spilled out in the packaging damaging the invoice and any other information which was enclosed . When I used what little of the product was left in the bottles , my hair felt stripped and VERY damaged ! This was not the experience I had with the same product that I had purchased from the salon . I wonder if the bottles were filled with something other than the product that was supposed to be in them . VERY unhappy !!!
 I have used Enjoy products many times before ... they 're the best . I was excited to find it at such a reasonable price . But this conditioner is obviously super old . It has that tell-tale old smell to it . Not worth the hassle to return . I will never purchase from this seller again .
 My hairstylist recommended that I use Enjoy on my recently color treated hair . I initially went to a store by my house to purchase the samples sizes and see if I liked the product . I did ! It smelled wonderful , was very thick , lathered well , left my hair feeling clean and did n't affect my dye . Those little tester bottles lasted me well over 1 month so I decided to order the large bottles thru Amazon and save myself some $ $ . Right when they arrived I knew something was wrong , the smell was off ... but I thought maybe that 's because it had been in the heat or something , so I still decided to try it . The consistency was wrong , it was very watery and I had to use a lot just to get a decent lather . I knew at that point that this was definitely not the real thing . I rinsed out the shampoo . . and all my hair dye came with it !!!!! Seriously ?! 1 month later and this cheap knockoff just ruined my hair ! That 's it , I was done.I requested the return and told the company that the product was a fake , which they denied -LRB- obviously -RRB- , and paid the $ 6 + to ship it back to them and get my money back . They gave me my money back ... but kept 5.99 for shipping . What shipping ? It shipped for free and I paid to send it back to them . Several emails and a headache later , I was refunded the total amount paid , but was still out the $ 6 + for the return shipping and the money I had spent on my hair . : -LRB- So , do yourself a favor and DO NOT purchase this product .
 This lotion irritates my skin , making it red . The smell is not pleasant , either . I have been using it on my hands since it irritates my face and it feels a bit shiny/greasy to me , but says it is sheer . It earns 2 stars for having good skin healthy extracts in it ; walnut seeds and olives . Save your $ $ , though .
 I purchased this and quite frankly am wondering why they felt it should be that expensive . I have some M.A.C. concealer that works a lot better and is 1/3 the price . Save you 're money on this one , even Maybelline is better than this .
 it was ok , it came on time , but the top of the clogen was bent and stuff had spelt in the box so there was a little more then half a bottle left and the package was saturated in the clogen
 Ouch ... It hurts to scrub anything other than my feet bottoms . I am going to soak it in oil for a few days and see if it softens it up .
 There is not a shred of scientific evidence offered to support the health claims made for skin brushing , the primary use of this brush . Here 's what Andrew Weil , MD , had to say about skin brushing : `` Dry brushing involves rubbing the skin with a dry natural bristle brush . I understand that this is all the rage at spas and that commercial products are available so that aficionados can do it themselves at home . The process , which can be gentle or rough , may help slough off some dead skin cells , but some of the other claims for it are pretty farfetched.The notion that dry brushing can reduce or eliminate cellulite make no sense . Fat is arranged in large chambers separated from each other by columns of connective tissue . If fat overflows these chambers as a result of being overweight , or if the connective tissue slackens with age -LRB- as it invariably does -RRB- , the result is the classic pitting and bulging we have come to know as cellulite . I have never seen any treatment that can effectively eliminate it . An improvement in the `` appearance '' of cellulite may be in the eye of the beholder , but I doubt that any objective change takes place with dry brushing.The idea that the method can eliminate `` up to a pound of toxins a day , '' as some proponents claim , is ridiculous . First of all , the body does a pretty good job of cleansing and purifying itself . If you feel the need , you can help speed the removal of unwanted materials by drinking more water to increase urinary output , taking steam baths or saunas to promote sweating , adjusting diet and fiber intake to ensure regular eliminations , and getting enough aerobic activity to stimulate breathing . In addition , taking the herbal remedy milk thistle supports normal , healthy liver metabolism , aiding its important role in detoxification.I would take the health claims for dry brushing with a big grain of salt . If you enjoy it and believe it benefits you , there 's no reason not to do it . But if you find that it irritates or inflames your skin , you might want to opt for a less abrasive spa treatment . ''
 This brush smells like dead meat even after leaving it outside for weeks . As I am vegetarian this is unacceptable . Would not order .
 Used about 6 times and the handle came completely out of the grove in the head that holds the two pieces together . Just got done hammering the head back on and covered head and handle in groove with glue , hopefully it stays in .
 I read so many good reviews here that I discounted the negative ones and took a chance on this dry skin brush . When this brush came it had bristles falling out and was smooshed/flattened in one part . The handle sucks and seems potentially splintery . The brushes were also nowhere near as firm as I like , now I know why some people said they could brush their skin for hours with it , because you can hardly feel anything . It was not invigorating at all , the way dry skin brushing should be . Waste of money !
 This is absolutely the worst brush ever . I purchased this brush based on the fact it is one solid piece of wood so no worrying over the brush breaking off as other brushes I have owned have done . Abd that the bristles are natural . This felt like I was cutting my own skin . I have to be extremely light in touch with this brush to avoid hurting my skin . I have continued to use every other day in hopes that the bristles will soften up but no hope there . Will need to order another brush . Do not buy this brush !!
 When this item arrived , it far surpassed my expectation . The brush base was made of thick wood . There 's also a plastic base between the wood and the bristles and that also appeared to be well made and substantial . And as far as the brush , it is thick and full of what appears to be well distributed , healthy , firm bristles . As far as function , the item was exactly as described ; it resulted in a great massage and exfoliation of the skin -LRB- a bit tough the first use , but by the third time , my skin felt less sensitive and more stimulated -RRB- . Unfortunately , after the third use , I noticed cracks in both ends of the wooden base . It was obvious that it would n't be long before the cracks would expand and meet in the middle . This would render the brush unusable .
 There was no description of the bristle strength . Upon receiving them I find they are very rough , but will suggest to my clients they could soften in a hot water soak . It would be nice to get an indication of the bristle grade as part of the description .
 First , I thought this was brush I could use in the shower , but bedsides that the handle comes apartment from the brush very easily so it does not withstand the pressure when using and when I hang it , come back a few minutes later and the brush is apart from the handle ... very annoying ...
 I guess if you have skin like an alligator , this product might be okay . This brush is very stiff and rough . If you have sensitive skin , I would pass on this brush . I tried rinsing the brush out and found that the next day it had already cracked and the handle was loose .
 This brush is extremely rough on the skin . It can not be used for massage , only light surface exfoliation . The bristles are dense and tightly packed , and feel even rougher than boar 's bristles . If that 's what you 're looking for , it is otherwise well made , but I find it too painful to use .
 The most negative reveiws on this product were right . The brush was NOT soft at all and it was a painful experience to use it for the first time . Then the handle and brush fell apart after the initial use . What a piece of junk !!! Amazon , where is your quality product review/control department ? My first product review ever at Amazon because I was never this mad and I was embarrassed to be so stupid to buy this product . It is in my trash bin now and it is not worthy to return it .
 I was very excited when I got this brush but it has very rough bristles . It hurts my skin . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 Very rough and has an unpleasant odor . We like a good scrub , but this was too much . I realize the main purpose was not for the shower , but I hoped it could also be used for bathing . Oh well .
 This thing was junk . I was only able to get a few uses out of it before it started to fall apart and look gross .
 This is a terrible quality brush . The wood is splintered and unfinished , and the bristles barely look natural . You can buy a much better quality natural bristle brush for dry brushing at TJ Maxx for the exact same price . I might use this one to clean my car , but it wo n't touch my body .
 I liked the harsh bristles , but after a few uses this smelled so badly I had to throw away . I really ca n't describe the smell , it was a rotten , foul odor . I tried many product trying to clean it -- soap , shampoo , etc. . But , I could never get it to smell nice again . In the trash it went !
 Ive owned two of these brushes , the first deserved a rating of 3.5 stars , but this second one smells like diarrhea mixed with vomit and B.O.Cons : Smells like vomit , diarrhea and B.O. , does not go away after washingThe bristles are very harsh at first but do soften up after a couple of usesThe head of the brush does not stay on and will fall off occasionallyThere is a hole in the handle for a rope , but one does not come with the brushPros : Very affective with good coverage and just the right amount of exfoliation once the bristles soften up
 It 's much tougher than I expected , but I 'm trying to learn to deal with it . And the head has fallen off twice already in less than a week from the handle .
 Things this brush may be good for
 I did not like this particular concealer , as it did n't cover well and was very hard , making it difficult to use on blemishes .
 My daughter has a mild eczema on her elbows and knees.It gets worse if I use any soaps/cleasers other than Cetaphil.I bought this sunscreen because I heard that it was very mild.Wrong , at least for my daughter . She had rash all over her arms.Before , she used Coppertone and Aveeno without any problem . I am going back to Aveeno .
 I am very disappointed that Amazon sent me a suncream which is almost expired . You can notice that this suncream was made a long time ago just looking at the case.I received it yesterday , and the expiration date is Aug 2008 . I just have 5 months to use it until it is expired.I believe Amazon should not sell cosmetics with this upcoming expiration date .
 Because of positive reviews in various places , I bought a gallon of this stuff for my extended to family to use while we were up in the mountains . While my kids seem to respond to it fine , both of my brothers , my wife and I all had pretty strong reactions to it after a few days - our skin dried and flaked . If so many of us had n't been using it we probably would n't have recognized the problem.I 'm not sure of the reason , though I am at least a little concerned that micronized zinc oxide is used . The micronization makes it disappear into the skin , but I know it also changes the chemical properties of metals . Could be totally unrelated , but no matter , I now have a gallon of sunscreen I wo n't be using .
 Reading a review from the smaller bottle it mentioned that there are parabens listed in the ingredients event though the product is listed as chemical free . I called the company directly and they said parabens were taken out of their ingredients a year ago . This product does list the parabens so this must be an old bottle . They said the only way to guarantee a new bottle without parabens is to order from their website directly
 I love the scent of Grapefruit , which is why I bought this product . I was very disappointed . The smell is atroucious . The scent reminds me of cheap , dimestore , grandma perfume . It went straight into the trash ! Sorry to be mean , but please do n't waste your money .
 This review is NOT for what is pictured . What I ordered is the purple bottle picture you see , but what I got is something entirely different . The product I received is in a different bottle and it 's light blue . It 's a toner though . The one I did receive does n't work well with sensitive skin . It burns and leaves red patches . I had used a retinol product recently and it caused that reaction I 'm sure , but since my other toner did n't I can only assume this one is n't as non harsh as others . I typically give excellent reviews for H2O products , but because of what I received I ca n't do it this time . Order only from a certified seller of H2O , that 's my best advice .
 The shade looks different from the picture here . It did not go on smoothly . You 'd think it would . I have cheaper nail polish that glides on more smoothly . Did I just get a bad batch ?
 I was extremely disappointed with this product.It was definitely NOT was I expected.Not to mention the shipping price was OUTRAGEOUS , a complete RIP-OFF !!! I am still awaiting my REFUND.Signed , Never Again ,
 as you can see the item picture there is a whole set but I recieved only one brush and of course i gave a very bad feedback after that they send me mail saying that `` if i remove my feedback they 'll give me product money back but not the shipping money which cost more than product and I say ok give my money back and I remove the feedback but they didnt accept dont know why and started to talk very rude and tell me that I 'm the only one who mislead by this picture if there werent AMAZON HELP I would never get FULL refund this co could be bad but Amazon is the best
 I wrote a previous review for the Dry and Itchy Shampoo which is the first product to use before this conditioner . I love the shampoo and do n't like this conditioner in this form . I have found a conditioner from Carol 's Daughter products , the Black Vanilla Conditioner which is in a spray bottle . The spray bottle allows for better manageability of the product . I used this in conjunction with the Dry and Itchy Shampoo , which in my opinion is a much better product between the two . If your willing to try both products together , definitely get the smaller size of 16oz bottle to try before this large size .
 The product works as advertised ; and the smell is not strong , which is an added bonus . The problem is with the package I was delivered . First off it seems like they have some pretty old stock . The box was wrapped in a plastic bag and some of the bath salts had leaked out of the package into the bag , resulting in a mess when I finally got the plastic off . On top of that , when I finally opened the box , only it was only half full . I know that the salts &#34; settle down &#34; but half is a bit too much.Basically good product , disappointing storage and packaging
 I was so excited to have found one of my favorite scents again . I received the product within an appropriate amount of time . Unfortunately , when I opened it up to smell it , I was upset by the initial smell . I figured my senses had forgotten the original smell . The product smells stale , and old like it has been kept on a shelf since the 1980 's . I have only used it a couple of times because I ca n't get past the initial `` old '' smell . Now I am stuck with a $ 40.00 product , and trying to figure out how or where to use this stuff so that I have n't been totally ripped off .
 This hair oil came packaged totally differently than pictured . When I opened the bottle to smell the oil I noticed white things floating inside of the bottle and oil . I will not be trying this product on my hair .
 This was not the best Biore ' product I have ever used and I honestly am a little dissapointed in it . I will use it up but will not purchase again .
 Developed maddening rash from a very small amount . The cologne smells great , but watch out if you think you have any susceptibility at all to what I imagine was an allergic reaction .
 I love solid colognes , but this one has an odd smell . It seems heavy on bay leaf side .
 Glytone used to be a great product line -LRB- silver jars -RRB- . This is a `` new and improved '' product -LRB- white jars -RRB- . It rolls off the skin and cracks it insted of smoothing it . I will be switching to another line .
 I thought this would be like something like my wife gets , but not to be . It would work good on short hair , like a flat top . Too much Wax
 The Glytone Mini Peel was a good product , but , it does leave me with questions . -LRB- 1 -RRB- What am I doing to my skin ? -LRB- 2 -RRB- Should I be using something so harsh ? -LRB- 3 -RRB- I did not like the scaly skin on my face.Then I tried the Microdermx by Nikkel Holistic Skincare and I just could not believe the feel and clarity of my skin . Also it has a firming feel.I do the full treatment 2-3x 's a week and use it as a face cleanser every morning . And each day I can see the clearer , fresher looking skin emerge . It is like each day is better than the day before . I love it and just wo n't be without it.B.H . Chicago , IL
 A friend and I ordered The All NEW Seacret Eye Gel a couple of weeks apart . She ordered hers first and it was half the amount of what I had to pay -LRB- I paid $ 60 -RRB- and I used the same distributor she did . I bought it anyway and it arrived in a timely manner and is in a huge jar , but I have been highly unsatisfied with it . If anything it accentuates the lines around my eyes and creates `` bags . '' She has also stopped using it . I would not recommend this product . For the price buy a product you can return if it does n't work for you .
 I did not like this particular concealer , as it did n't cover well and was very hard , making it difficult to use on blemishes .
 Seriously , this smells like urine - or better yet a port-a-potty at an aAugust state fair with unprecedented attendance and equally hot temperatures.Returning immediately !
 This item was ordered with two other products . Apparently all came from different sources . Two were received but this one was marked as in-transit for two weeks . I finally decided to email the company about my missing body powder and they just said they would refund my money . My complaint is would they have refunded my money without my contact email ? I will not order from this supplier again.I gave this product one star simply because I had to enter something .
 This worked on my body but not my face . My skin was red and very irritated for a couple of days after I used this , and I could n't cover the reaction with makeup -- it still looked bad . I wo n't use it again .
 I was very disappointed in this product . It sounded so lovely , and I was anticipating a like fragrance , but the Pacifica Orange Blossom smelled like fly spray when I recieved it . Of course , I wo n't wear it . Disappointed ! Disappointed !
 I am sorry to say
 It straightens and breaks your hair ! Hair gets caught in the seams and it pulls and breaks . Dont get shiny plastic .
 I got this a year ago and keep it as a `` backup '' in case my good one goes out . I have wavy hair that is medium in thickness , medium length . This gives me a , `` we can tell you tried hard with your straightner '' look . I have tried using the hottest setting in small sections and pulling my hair straight with it . All I get is this frizzy , super dry , weird kinda straight hair . I ca n't imagine how bad this must be if you have curly or dense hair.The only way I can pull a decent style with this is if I use high end hair products -LRB- straightening cream and shine spray -RRB- and do it the night before . Invest in any other one worth even a bit more with a good return policy .
 My mother bought this a couple of years ago and I used it to try and straighten my hair . It did n't do anything besides frizz and dry out my hair . Since my hair was curly at the time I figured that 's why it did n't work . I recently tried it again today because my hair is now relaxed . It did n't work this time either . It basically dried out my hair again and did n't even begin to straighten my hair . I would n't recommend this . If you want a flat iron , invest your money in a good one . Trust me , it 'll be worth it .
 I ordered this cologne for my boyfriend for Christmas from Whole Perfumes Inc. 2 weeks later i get an email from amazon stating my transaction was canceled with no explanation as to why . When i went back to the item on amazon it was still in stock but the price had gone up almost $ 20 . As far as im concerned if the product is in stock there should be no problem . So now i have to go find this cologne in stores because its too late to have it shipped in time for christmas . Im very irate and i urge anyone who considers buying from them to shop elsewhere . There are plenty of wholesale perfume businesses online with better business tactics than this one .
 WOW!This is not for me at all!I have long , fine hair and thought this Hot Air brush would give me nice waves ... Tangle free ?! Yeah right ! I used this on 3 different occasions thinking if I did something different I would get better results , instead my hair got tangled in this every single time!And it was almost impossible to get out.This would probably work if you have short to medium hair , but if you have long hair I would recommend staying away from this.I am going to give this to a friend since it has no use for me .
 not like my old one ... does not seem to be as well built ... curls hair different too
 Dryer turned on , except the barrel end tip kept swiveling & cap could not be tightened . Next morning the switch was loose then would not turn on at ALL.So I never even got to use it . And to make matters worse the box it came with was thrown out & ca n't return without it . $ 25.00 down the toilet.I 'm not happy at all . I 've used Helen of Troy before without problems but this one is JUNK
 This item was sold as new but came with an additional overwrap like possibly it was not new . It heats up very quickly , then wo n't go back on for a few minutes . Playing with it , I think it has a faulty switch . I have a feeling I was sent someone elses reject . If it was n't for the time & cost , I would return it .
 I had purchased a hot air brush that was similar in a department store several years ago . I used it until it finally wore out . When I saw this one , I was ecstatic . However , the product is somewhat inferior . The air blower shuts off if you use it for too long , and the bristles snarl my hair . I do n't think I would buy this product again .
 JUST opened this up and although it IS in the strength I wanted , it is NOT the relaxer with OIL MOISTURIZER !! I thought long and hard about returning it , but I chose to write a not-so-nice review because the photo is FALSE ADVERTISING ! So , just letting all of you know . Yes , it IS the right strength , but NO - it 's just the REGULAR Motions relaxer - NOT the one with Oil Moisturizer !!!
 Terrible product . i do n't recommend , i got severe burn in my ears and forehead 10 min after using it at a salon . I spent the night in the ED.dont recommend to a friend .
 I tried Motion relaxer after 8 years of wearing my medium to corse hair natural . My hair was relaxed by a professional and the product directions were followed according to the instructions . After 3 attempts over 20 weeks to straighten my hair with Motions it straigthen my hair nicely . It was managable full and healthy looking . Over the next month my hair started to dry out and shed dramatically . My stylist used sevaral treatments for breakage and my hair continued to shed so I braided my hair to save what was left from additional breakage . The best product from Motions is the Moisturizing Conditioner my hair felt great when using it but once it was rinsed my hair started to dry out . I would not recommend this product for dry hair this is medium to corse .
 This relaxer did not straighten my hair at all !! it was like i had washed my hair and blow dried it.It did n't seem like i put a relaxer in it .
 Pros - did not irritate my scalp or skinCons - This is the messiest , drippiest hair color I have ever used . It does n't last very long -LRB- less than other non-permanent brands -RRB- . It has a very red tone . If that is what you are looking for , you might like it , but I wanted more like the actual color honey brown .
 I never , or hardly ever , get breakouts , but this cream really did it . I am not sure what ingredient in here made my skin react , but I ca n't recommend this product at all . It 's pretty harsh on my skin . Maybe you will have better luck . I had to throw it out .
 JUST opened this up and although it IS in the strength I wanted , it is NOT the relaxer with OIL MOISTURIZER !! I thought long and hard about returning it , but I chose to write a not-so-nice review because the photo is FALSE ADVERTISING ! So , just letting all of you know . Yes , it IS the right strength , but NO - it 's just the REGULAR Motions relaxer - NOT the one with Oil Moisturizer !!!
 Terrible product . i do n't recommend , i got severe burn in my ears and forehead 10 min after using it at a salon . I spent the night in the ED.dont recommend to a friend .
 I tried Motion relaxer after 8 years of wearing my medium to corse hair natural . My hair was relaxed by a professional and the product directions were followed according to the instructions . After 3 attempts over 20 weeks to straighten my hair with Motions it straigthen my hair nicely . It was managable full and healthy looking . Over the next month my hair started to dry out and shed dramatically . My stylist used sevaral treatments for breakage and my hair continued to shed so I braided my hair to save what was left from additional breakage . The best product from Motions is the Moisturizing Conditioner my hair felt great when using it but once it was rinsed my hair started to dry out . I would not recommend this product for dry hair this is medium to corse .
 This relaxer did not straighten my hair at all !! it was like i had washed my hair and blow dried it.It did n't seem like i put a relaxer in it .
 I ordered these 2 Anais Anais as gift for Christams . After opening the items , I realised that they are fake and contain no parfum at all , the smell is almost unexistant by comparing to another Anais Anais from the store . Do n't buy it !!
 I am disappointed with the Zenmed products , although they feel nice on the skin they have n't helped with the rosacea which was the reason I bought the product . There has been no alteration in the appearance of the redness of my skin , some people had more or less instant results and others after a couple of weeks and I have been using it morning and evening for over three weeks.I will use the rest of it up and see if there is any change .
 Its probably the worst product you can get your hands on . Try treating some areas and boom lots of inflammation . So my suggestion is stay away !
 After a week using it twice a day my face is still red and bumpy , I wasted my money on this product . I was hoping it would help .
 My face is constantly red and very sensitive . I thought this product would be great to help me with my rosacea . I was wrong . This product irritated my skin even more . I do not recommend this for people with very sensitive , light skin .
 I purchased this set to address mild to moderate rosacea , mostly on my cheeks . The cleanser is poor . It leaves behind make-up , and does n't make my skin feel much cleaner than I just splashed it with warm water . I even tried leaving it alone for 60 seconds to give it additional time to work , but sorry - no better . I have n't really seen much if any change in redness using the mask and serum . After three weeks , I am discouraged with the results . I will go on using it until it 's finished , but certainly would n't buy it again .
 Okay , so here 's the thing . I love most Mugler scents , having bought both A * Men and Pure Coffee and thought from those two scents that this house can do no wrong . So without having the 1st whiff of B * Men , I bought it based on some reviews , here and elsewhere . Holy Lord was I unpleasantly surprised when I recieved this bottle . Thank goodness I only went for the 1.7 oz . -LRB- which was given away to a friends son , who loved it -RRB- . There is some loud funky note that goes through the duration of this thing that I can not stomach . Now , mind you , I 'm more than willing to rock an unconventional scent every now and again , -LRB- Kouros , Kyoto , Le Male , etc -RRB- , but this thing I ca n't do . I can detect the same note in Xeryus Rouge -LRB- I think -RRB- , but Rouge couples it together with softer notes to temper it down . I do n't know , just my 2 cents . Please , sample before you buy.-Jeremy
 Do not buy this soap if you have sensitive skin or more importantly you children do!I grew up using this soap continued into adulthood until I was 40 . We used to use it to bath our son who has sensitive skin.This new formula is full of chemicals that most definitely are not kind to young skin . It also smells horrid , save your money and buy a none Unilever branded soap. :-LRB- total rip offP.S I would n't even have given it 1 star but Amazon do not allow a no star review sadly !
 Although the listing shows the soap box having the Royal Warrant of Appointment from the House of Windsor , my soap did have such packaging . I 've had to file a claim on the Merchant , Ocean Discounts . My advice , DO N'T BUY .
 this is a good soap , but I would have liked to know that when I use it , it leaves a medicated smell on my skin.Kenneth_79720@yahoo.com
 This soap feels nice , lathers well , is easy on the skin . Based upon other reviews , the smell should have been good too . Unfortunately , it is not . It smells like the inside of a barroom mop bucket . They should clean house in their olfactory division . Just do n't clean it with this stuff . Apparently , I 've got the new version , made in India with artificial modern noxious-smelling ingredients . Wish I had n't gone the economy route and purchased so many of the damn things . I 'm afraid to throw them out and create a new Love Canal . Apparently , plans are in the works to change the scent , but nothing else . It 's too bad they ruined a 200-yr old brand.Update -LRB- 2011 -RRB- : A company spokesman states : `` You will be pleased to hear that although some changes were made in October 2009 , Unilever India have listened to their customers and are revising the product again and it will be much closer to the original by March this year . '' -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . The Wikipedia article on Pears Soap suggests that that has not , in fact , happened . In any case , they are essentially admitting the original formula is gone . Probably forever .
 After reading all the reviews , specifically the ones that say it smells way different and is a different formula , I decided to look for myself . Wikipedia really spells out a lot of what is going on with this soap . Up until just a few years ago they have had the same formula from 1789 all the way up to 2003 . Then they started changing it . It started being made in India . they started using alcohol and a whole list of other ingredients . Look for yourself
 original formula for 200 years had 8 ingredients . Now it has 24 ! it is not delightfully mild smelling or long lasting . I urge you to research this product before buying . I learned the hard way . It is not what you have fond memories of . Very disappointing.it irritated my eyes and nose . i could even taste it . AVOID .
 The traditional , original Pears transparent soap - Hypoallergenic and Non-Comedogenic with its eight natural ingredients - is no more.What you will get now in a bar of Pears is called `` Gentle Care '' with a new formula
 It 's a pity that unilever destroyed the 200 year old tradition . The soap now smells like a petrol derivate or similar . I ordered 98 bars to make nice gifts to friends but now this would be just embarassing ...
 I ordered this PEARS soap because I have always loved the smell more than anything . I 've used this soap for like 30 years . When it came and I opened it and used it , the smell was not the usual , but way more like a bad chemical smell . Apparently , the PEARS company was sold to another and the same old soap with the wonderful smell is no longer in production . So sad .
 I have purchased this product for many years . Will not purchase again . Not at all the same quality . Its a shame they can change and totally ruin a good soap .
 The original pears soap was hypoallergenic and did not clog pores , it also smelled wonderful and had less ingredients . The New formula dropped the the two beneficial claims and added chemicals . It now smells of frankincense and a touch of tar . Otherwise it 's not the worst soap in the world but it speaks ' t deserve to be called Pears .
 I thought I was getting the original Pears soap as I remember it . But the formula has changed so much , it is hardly recognizable . First , the smell is like cheap incense that is so overppowering it smells like like a detergent for the floor . The old formula had hints of rosemary , and cinnamon but this crap they have produced is so unpleasant everythime I took a shower my bathroom smelled like hippie incense . Yuck . And the label used to read non-comedogenic but no longer . It dried up my skin . Who knows what they have included in it . I am soooo saddened that it has come to this . Why change ?
 When I wrote a review describing the reaction I had to this NEW Pears soap , if was summarily removed from Amazon , perhaps for legal reasons . For the same reason -LRB- s -RRB- , Amazon may be required to remove this review as well . I 'll be brief
 The Zenmed Support Serum for Rosacea Treatment did not do anything to reduce or diminish the redness I have in my cheeks due to a mild case of Rosacea . I was so excited to read about this product and was anxious to receive it in the mail . However , after using it as directed for several weeks , there has been no improvement to my condition . Very disappointed .
 Ordered ZENMED products 3 weeks ago and neither Amazon or myself have been able to get any shipping or tracking information out of the company . Product was suppose to show up by 3/21 . I finally reached their website ` live chat ' . A woman could not find my order ; she insisted on a 6-digit # and when I told her it was ordered via Amazon , there was a long delay in responding . It appeared that she was unfamiliar with the order number I provided to her from Amazon . Look companies - if you want to sell your product through a third party such as Amazon or Ebay , be sure your staff are trained to look for multiple order numbers and enlist a good software product to help you track and process orders.I was finally told there was a back order issue in their system and she apologized for the delay . I managed to get a tracking number out of her , so I consider that a small win ! Interesting enough , system back order is the same excuse others were told who experienced severe delays.Not sure how the product will work , but due to the poor customer service and lack of communication from the company , I will not order ZENMED products again - at least thru ZENMED directly or indirectly . Customer service goes a long way in my book .
 I used this product for 3 weeks at which time I developed a rash on my cheek . Also there was no evidence of lessening of the redness . In fact it was even more red on the one cheek . I was very discouraged . I had high hopes for this product .
 Used this product faithfully for months to reduce the redness on my nose.Didn ' t do anything . Very disappointing . Money wasted .
 Instead of helping the rosacea , this product actually made mine worse . I stopped using it , and tried it again a few months later - same result . But , different people react differently and you may have better results . I have tried many different `` rosacea '' products and just have n't found much that works .
 Pros - did not irritate my scalp or skinCons - This is the messiest , drippiest hair color I have ever used . It does n't last very long -LRB- less than other non-permanent brands -RRB- . It has a very red tone . If that is what you are looking for , you might like it , but I wanted more like the actual color honey brown .
 I bought this soap because I have 2 wrestling boys and skin diseases are easily passed . I think it prevents germs but it smells very antiseptic and medicine like so getting them to use it is a match in itself !
 I 'm sure it cleans well.However , I ca n't handle the strong , industrial , jet engine degreaser smell this product has.Now maybe it smells different on your skin after you wash and rinse , but the ordor from the product that comes through the wrapper , is not anything I want to smell like .
 After about 2-3 weeks of using the Dettol soap I one day decided to read the lable , and to my surprise I saw the phrase -LRB- mgf : best 24 months before 2008 -RRB- . Then I realized it was expired , threw it away , and decided that I would never buy soap or perhaps any other product from amazon again .
 not the real cologne . faint smell does ` nt last or look the same . you use 5 times the amount . would not recommend to buy . it pays to buy the real stuff from macys
 Paul Sebastian By Paul Sebastian For Men , Cologne -LRB- 8 Ounces -RRB- I have been using PS Cologne for over 20 years . I recently ordered some from Amazon when I noticed their discounted price.The cologne arrived either over its expiration date or after it was exposed to extreme temperatures.There was a faint scent overpowered by an alcohol odor.Amazon credited my card immediately without question . Thank you Amazon . No thanks to the supplier .
 I should have known it was to good to be true.It does not smell like paul sebastian cologne at all and it only last a few seconds not worth the money.PAUL SEBASTIAN For Men By PAUL SEBASTIAN fragrance set
 This product was supposed to come from a company . The product was supposed to be new . Instead it came from an individual . The package was not sealed with cellophane as new Paul Sebastian products are packaged . The box containing the bottle of cologne was well used.I suspect the cologne was an item from someone 's home and was watered down as the fragrance was weak . I began using Paul Sebastian in the 90s but I will buy the product in a store from now on.I will not use this product since it has been compromised . I will consider the money spent for this product wasted . I would return it but do n't want to waste more money in shipping cost .
 Purchased 8.0 oz . bottle of Paul Sebastian cologne . Can not determine if it 's real or just a cheap immitation . Based on aroma compared to remains of bottle purchased at a department store , the new bottle just does n't smell the same . Do n't know how to verify authenticity of the product purchased on Amazon .
 Although I love to wear Paul Sebastian , I will not buy this again.I agree totally with E. N. LaFrance 's comment . My joy of finding such a `` bargain '' price on one of my favorite cologne 's turned into a big disappointment once it arrived.The fragrance in this bottle does not smell nearly as robust as the bottle of Paul Sebastion that it replaced . This cologne is either very stale through aging , or it 's an imitation.One thing I loved about my old Paul Sebastian is that the scent lasted all day and into the night . Not so with the bottle I ordered here , so my best guess is that it is truly an imitation .
 The UPS driver where I use to work always had a great smelling cologne on . I asked him what he wore and he said Paul Sebastian . Maybe he used a different version but it definitely did n't smell like this . This stuff smells like something you 'd buy at walgreens ... in my opinion !
 ____________ BUYERS BEWARE ________ I RECENTLY ORDERED 2 BOTTLES OF PAUL SABASTION COLOGNE . PRICE WAS $ 17.77 . WHEN THE ITEM WAS SHIPPED THE PRICE HAD JUMPED TO $ 21.88 . AMAZON STATED THEY HAD TO CHARGE CURRENT PRICES AT TIME OF SHIPMENT . THEY STILL HAVE THE SAME ITEM PRICED AT $ 17.77 ON THEIR WEB PAGE.WHAT IS WRONG HERE AND HOW MANY OTHERS HAVE HAD THIS PROBLEM .
 THIS IS NOT A GOOD COLOGNE AT ALL I MUST SAY THAT THIS COLOGNE IS AIMED FOR OLD MEN LIKE 60 OR SO I DO N'T EVEN RECOMMEND OLD MEN TO BUY IT ITS HORRIBLE GOOD THING I TOOK A WHIFF OF IT AT A DEPARTMENT STORE BEFORE I PURCHASED THIS . I HAD IT ON MY WISH LIST FOR A WHILE BECAUSE OF THE REVIEWS BUT CLEARLY PEOPLE DO NOT KNOW HOW TO WRITE HONEST REVIEWS , OR THE FACT THAT THE PEOPLE THAT WROTE THE REVIEWS ARE OF AGE . AGAIN I DO N'T RECOMMEND THIS TO A YOUNGER CROWD OR EVEN A MIDDLE AGE CROWD .
 I ca n't believe Amazon sells this do n't buy it it seems like its a great deal , but really your paying all that money for something that you would just trash as soon as you get a whiff of it ... . DO N'T BUY IT !!!!
 I 've bought the 4oz spray -LRB- at another Amazon address , not this page -RRB- in the past , and it was genuine PS . I came across this 8oz . version , and thought for the price I just had to order it -LRB- $ 24.45 for 8oz ? -RRB- . Should have realized it was too good to be true . First , while the page says it 's a spray , it became a `` splash '' once it got into my cart , which I never noticed -LRB- who would ? -RRB- . So , I did n't get a spray . Secondly , it just did n't smell like PS . I 've been using it for over 25 years , exclusively . So I think I know the product . This one was just not right . Box was not sealed , neither was bottle . Not that that means anything , since there are plenty of legitimate reasons why there might not be any shrink-wrap , or other such seals , and still be legal . But the smell is off . I do n't know if it was watered down , adulterated , or spoiled -LRB- is that possible ? -RRB- . In any event , probably best to avoid this 8oz . version , at least in my opinion .
 I have used Clinique 's Quick Corrector wand in Light for over 15 years , basically as my only foundation makeup because I have redness of the T-zone area , which product blended very well with my natural fair skin tone . Recently to my dismay they discontinued Quick Corrector , and I was told by the sales associate that Line Smoothing Concealer had replaced it . I purchased the product in Light , which went on the face very similarly to Quick Corrector , a little heavier consistency but good coverage , and all seemed fine until I took a really good look at myself in the mirror ; to my horror , there was a distinct orangy cast which continued to the borders of my un-madeup face , so it appeared I was wearing a mask . I mailed the product back to Clinique and they sent me a refund , so I have been shopping around for a similar concealer -LRB- mostly on Amazon , who thank goodness stocks just about any brand you want to try -RRB- , and happened upon an Estee Lauder concealer wand called DoubleWear Flawless Wear Concealer in their color 01 Light , and am happy to report that THIS is the replacement for the Quick Corrector wand in color Light that I have been searching for as a perfect match to my skin tone . Great coverage and same consistency as Quick Corrector , and no lines of demarcation . Remember that Estee Lauder is the parent company of Clinique , so if you too are a disappointed former Quick Corrector user , try the Lauder concealer for a better color match , and it is priced only about $ 5 more than Clinique 's concealers . If you only use concealer in small sections of your face , than the Line Smoothing may not cause discoloration for you and I wish you well , because both products feel comfortable on the skin and are quality concealers .
 I love most of Burt 's Bees products but I wo n't purchase this one again for myself . It is not a cleanser but rather a lemon moisturizer . Heavy oil base . It 's lovely in scent but a waxy coat is left on the skin . It would be excellent for someone who lives in a dry climate and does not use any make-up .
 I just could n't get over the pink neon color of the conditioner . So , I just crushed REAL garlic and mixed it in with my own conditioner/oil for deep conditioning . Wo n't buy again .
 I was looking for Unscented Shampoo and Conditioner because of asthma and COPD But this stuff is quite the opposite and very strongly scented . Smells nice but strong . I understand its unscented garlic but the discription lead me to believe the products were totally unscented.Nutrine Garlic Conditioner Unscented 16 oz.Nutrine Garlic Shampoo Unscented 16 oz .
 lasts about 2 hours on me , even if i prep the area with glycerin first . even during its active time , it doesnt project much . nice smell , but it just fails practically every other way .
 The bottle of cologne i got when i ordered this was very weak compared to the real stuff i 've gotten straight from Victoria 's secret . Just doesnt last long enough at all . I would put it on and by the time i got to work 30 minutes later it would already be gone . This is a very good cologne so if you are interested in this just buy it straight from the store . Yes it will be more expensive but at least you will get your money 's worth out of it .
 A very synthetic dark aquatic with poor projection and longevity . The top notes are very pleasing and women love the smell but it does n't help this fragrance if you only smell it for 30 minutes and have to be neck deep to smell the dry down . I own about 60 fragrances and growing , this is one that collects dust due to its spotty sillage . A shame , this had potential . And if you do n't mind re-applying often , this could be a great close quarters scent . Still , I ca n't help but recommend Blue De Chanel or Bleue D `` Issey over this synthetic short lived mess .
 Like Cool Water , this is one of those colognes that girls seem to like , but I can never understand why . I was disappointed to find that it smells like every third or fourth guido at a club , while the others are wearing Cool Water , Aqua Di Gio , or Axe . Although I did n't wear it around anybody else , I found the sillage to be strong , offensive , and I could n't wash it off for the life of me . It also seemed to smell very synthetic , and more like an aquatic than a citrus aromatic . I could n't detect the citrus , the cinnamon , and in fact , I did n't detect any change through the different notes at all . Perhaps it 's just my body chemistry that it does n't agree with , as I typically wear woody floral musks , or woody spicy colognes like 212 for Men , Burberry Touch , Amouage Reflection Man , or Terre D'Hermes . It has it 's audience . I would personally classify this as a cologne for the guy in baggy pants , a track jacket , and a hat turned sideways who drives a supped-up Honda -- and that guy should wear it during the fall or winter . Personally , I plan to return my bottle or use it as a paperweight .
 I have purchased this in the store multiple times and I love the cologne however the one I got seems weaker . I was not the only one to notice this either , one of my friends who loves this one said the same thing . I sprayed a decent amount on and by the time I got to work she could barely smell it .
 Thought it would be good to finish drying front of hair but does n't hold hair . Gave it to my great-niece for her doll .
 Thought it would be good to finish drying front of hair but does n't hold hair . Gave it to my great-niece for her doll .
 This would be a great product . However , the mineral jelly it contains is made from petroleum and should not be used on hair . The smell is wonderful and were it not for that issue , I would definitely support this product . Unfortunately , many popular hair products are made with petroleum based products , which are not good for hair .
 Aside from the pleasant smell and natural oils there was not much to like about how this product performed on my hair.If you lean towards the thick and wavy side Layrite Super Hold Pomade is what I found to be a better option .
 The Nature Blessing Pomade ingredients list is very deceptive . The mineral jelly is actually petroleum jelly which is not a blessing to our natural hair at all . Petroleum jelly will leave your hair shiny but will suffocate your scalp in the process and cause build-up in any one 's hair especially those who wear locs .
 This product claims to be made with good intentions , however listing petroleum as mineral jelly is an attempt to make a product which is harmful to the body -- PETROLEUM -- sound like something natural and ooh so good for you . If you are trying to stay away from petroleum based products , do n't buy this .
 Had a package from UPS on my doorstep , boy was I excited till I opened it ! The cap was off the jar and this stuff was everywhere , what a greasy oily mess ! My boyfriend used it the next day and could not even get the grease off his hands with soap ! A friend of his asked him if he used something different on his hair and said it looked greasy !!! This stuff is just pure olive oil . I can just use my own olive oil and get the same results thank you . Never again will I buy this product ! Pomade , Yeah right !
 Product does what it says it does but the smell is way too strong . It is not a bad smell but it 's almost exactly the equivalent to walking around with a bottle of shampoo up to your nose all day long . You can imagine how that will make you sick .
 I hate this product I did n't even put it in my natural hair . I hated the feel of it . It is NOT ANYTHING what natural haired ladies need in their hair .
 This stuff was a little too greasy for my hair . I also did n't care for the scent . the scent was too strong and too masculine . I also did n't like that my jar did n't have the ingredients listed.For the record I have I have 4A-B hair .
 For those of you looking for a physical sunscreen , this is not it . Here are the ingredients , which should be listed here -LRB- in order of appearance -RRB- . Many of them rate highly on the toxicity index.active : octinoxate , octocrylene , octisalate , oxybenzone , zinc oxideinactive : deionized water , propylene glycol , cetearyl & stearyl alcohol , sorbitan stearate & sucrose cocoate , acrylates copolymer , dimethicone & c12-15 , alkyl bezoate , xanthan gum , methyl paraben , propyl parabeb , diazolydinyl urea
 The amount of zinc oxide directly relates to the products effectiveness . 5 % is minimum ... This product does NOT tell you how much is in it ... Wo n't order it again .
 I have used this product in the past and loved it , but I could no longer get it where I live . So I bought a large quantity through Amazon . Apparently Ocean Potion has changed its formula because now it is no longer clear . It is very white just like regular zinc oxide . I am stuck with a bunch of facial sunscreen that I do n't want to use . I definitley do n't recommend this product to anyone who wants a clear sunscreen .
 For the amount you get , this stuff is very overpriced . There is also a false bottom to the container to give you the illusion that you 're getting more for your money.I bought this hoping it would work like `` traditional '' zinc oxide that does n't rub off easily and blocks almost all of the sun -LRB- it was also the only zinc oxide product available at the store where I was -RRB- . I found that it 's basically regular sunscreen
 My wife used this product several times over the summer and always had swelling of her lips after use . We thought it was something else but the swelling came back every time she used the product . She stopped and the problem went away . She tried it one more time to be sure and the swelling came back . Be careful if you have sensitive skin .
 I wo n't buy this product as I am unable to find a list of ingredients on this nor the companies web site.One thing I 've found is that most so called zinc based sunblocks actually have a small percentage of zinc oxide and instead use other chemicals for their sunblock properties.I do n't buy products unless I can read the ingredients as I do n't want to get ripped off again.stevie
 Thought it would be good to finish drying front of hair but does n't hold hair . Gave it to my great-niece for her doll .
 Thought it would be good to finish drying front of hair but does n't hold hair . Gave it to my great-niece for her doll .
 Thought it would be good to finish drying front of hair but does n't hold hair . Gave it to my great-niece for her doll .
 Thought it would be good to finish drying front of hair but does n't hold hair . Gave it to my great-niece for her doll .
 It is difficult to say for sure one way or another . The ingredient label on this lotion says that it contains dimethicone . It has a warning label on it that says after 7 days of use , discontinue use and see your doctor , if condition worsens or goes away and comes back . What does that mean?I looked up dimethicone online . I saw that it causes skin irritation and possibly cancer , depending on the source used . Either way it is something that I do not wish to use on my skin . I do not know which is right , so I am going to avoid use of this all together .
 If you sell Fake Rolex Watches you could end up in Jail . Even if you indicate or do not indicate this is Fake , you are not supposed to sell Fake watches .
 I have used Clinique for years . I have very sensitive eyes , and had been using their Gentle Waterproof formula . It does n't irritate the eyes , but it does n't define lashes very well.So I tried this , and it gave me bloodshot eyes . Unfortunately , it took me about a week to figure out it was the mascara that was doing it . I think it flakes in the eyes.I have better luck with Clinique Lash Power or their High Impact mascara
 I bought this iron for my Mother inlaw who is 92 . The first time she used it a row of teeth came out in her hair . It did not stay in the iron.I told her to throw it away that I would find another brand for her . It is a junk iron . Not real happy that I had to buy another one for her ...
 It 's hard to find a 1/2 curling brush around , so I was happy to find this one - that is until I used it . The bristles are too hard -LRB- no give whatsoever -RRB- , they 're also too short , and the brush is hard to hold because it gets too hot . I would not suggest this to anyone . I 'm starting to search for another brand to use . Do n't waste your money .
 It is a wonderful iron brush but not what I wanted . This if for long hair and I have short hair .
 I just received the Helen of Troy Mini 1/2 '' brush iron and plugged it in to use it on my hair . It was curing fine then POP !! and sparks ! it just blew ! This product is junk . Want to know how I can return it .
 I have lost my hair due to breast cancer and am waiting for it to grow back to use this curling iron . I am waiting patiently but ready .
 For years I 've been using a 1/2 '' brush curling iron that works great . Recently they changed the bristles which use to be flexible and now they are hard plastic . They no longer grabs the hair and curl . So I 've been looking for a new curling iron . I was disappointed to find this curling iron is made of the same hard plastic . These hard bristles do not grab the hair . I wish people who make these products would use them before they sell them . Anyone who would use a 1/2 '' curling iron would most like have short hair . Try grabbing a hold of your hair with this hard bristle curling iron . Not worth the purchase in my opinion .
 I was not impressed with this brush iron . It has rubber bristles that made my hair frizzy . It does not get very hot . I have used cheaper irons that have had much better results .
 I ordered one of these recently , desparate for a reasonably priced hot brush -LRB- almost impossible to find -RRB- . I eagerly took it out of the box and plugged it in . As I sat on the edge of my seat waiting to see how long it would take to heat up , I noticed plumes of pungent white smoke rising from the cracks around the metal plates . And it never got above luke-warm . I will be sending it back .
 I received this brush iron at the begining of January , 2013 . Today , February 12 , 2013 , it no longer is working . What a disappointment ! This is not the first one I have bought of this brand . The first one I bought lasted about 3 years or so , the next one I bought lasted about one and half years . So it seems like the quality has steadily declined to where it lasts only a month . On top of that , I am just 12 days past the return period on this ... . how convienent for them ! I have already located another brand that I will be buying now - wo n't be returning to Helen of Troy brand again .
 Very disappointed in this product . It doesnt get very hot and your hair doesnt stay in the bristles . Not sure what the problem is but the Conair Hot stick ones this is alot better & works great . I would not recommend or buy another one .
 This curling iron does not get hot enough to work properly . Perhaps I got a lemonbut I did not keep the packaging , not anticipating a problem and now I am stuckwith it .
 The Helen of Troy is light weight and easy to use but it takes a while to heat up . I will use it for traveling but will need a more substantial one for home use.HELEN OF TROY Regular 3/4 Brush Curling Iron -LRB- 1511N -RRB-
 I paid $ 16.95 for the item then $ 8.69 for shipping , total $ 25.64 which maybe would not of been so bad if the item was worth it . But it is not . . I wanted the Gallery Series Professional Brush Iron model no. 1711N but it seems HELEN OF TROY stop making the gallery series ones . Well that was a big mistake for them !! The lady that does my hair is not pleased at all either . As a matter of fact they all where not pleased down there . They are the ones that got me using the Gallery Series products -LCB- iron and brush -RCB- and for the first time I could use a curling brush on my hair and the curl would stay !!! Never before in 53 years !! So the one I ordered does not get as HOT and there for the cruel does not stay . . SO IF ANY ONE KNOWS WHERE I CAN FIND THE GOOD ONE -LSB- GALLERY SERIES -RSB- 3/4 '' size please let me no . And if you have fine hair like I do , do n't waste your money !! My hair dresser can get it to do good either , so no its just not me !! oH AND YES THEY WHERE PRICED THE SAME TO . . HELEN OF TROY , PLEASE GO BACK TO THE GOOD ONE 'S . .
 I bought this product but returned it because it BARELY got hot , not hot enough to make any decent curls . I honestly had to laugh because it was almost like a toy , so chincy and weak . Do n't Buy !!!
 The brush does n't heat up enough to do any good plus it is engineered so that you are holding it over the high/low/off heat setting and constantly shifting it . Not that it matters because it does n't heat up enough to do any good . Plus there 's no automatic shut off and the `` off '' position is between the high and low instead at one end or the other and so it 's easy to forget and leave it on when you think you 've turned it off . Basically it sucks and it 's worthless . I would return it if it were n't more trouble that it 's worth .
 I have had this curling brush for several years and I do n't like it for a couple of reasons . 1 . It does n't have a cool tip . It 's hard to hold the tip without your fingers feeling the heat . 2 . The tip has a grove in it . If the grove lines up with one of the brushes the brush has a tendency to fall out . I had 1 to fall out and it ended up getting broken . Now I have one spot that is like a curling iron and I have a tendency to burn myself .
 Really , I did n't like it at all . Did n't heat up high enough , and the bristles are plastic and cheap . If I were to reccommend it to a friend , she would have to have really thin hair .
 I want to say first that I only use hot brushes on my hair , for years I have used the Conair instant hot brush and I wanted to see if I could find one with a longer cord . The Conair is a great brush but the cord is thin and short . I purcased a Hot Tools brush and it was great although I need at least a 1 '' diameter to use as I like to . The Helen of Troy brush is so cheaply made it almost looks like it is made out of one of the lids from a Starbucks coffee cup . The absolute worst , cheapest piece of poo ever . It takes so long to heat up that I never did see if it would get hot enough to work . DO NOT waste your money ! I will go back to Conair until Hot Tools makes a larger barrel .
 The curling iron does n't get hot enough to curl hair , it leaves hair straight and limp so I rate it as worthless !
 The product is fine I just need you to get back the 1-1/2 inch barrel . does Helen of Troy make this any longer ?
 This iron does n't get hot at all ! I have a Hot Tools 3/4 &#34; and love it ; however this one is awful . I have fine hair and it would n't even make a curl unless I left on my hair for a full minute . This iron is not useable !
 i really liked this brush but after a few uses it conked out on me . i want another one but will be returning this one . overall , when it worked it was great ... nice large curl/wave ... would like to see a smoother base , maybe ceramic as my hair can get stuck .
 I just bought this iron today and am very dissapointed . there are several design flaws . the switch is on the handle where you hand holds it and it is constantly swithing off . couple this with the fact that it does n't get very hot in the first place and , basically , you 're just brushing your hair.Also , the hair gets caught in the joint between the brush and the handle and is constantly pulling . Totally unacceptable .
 This is a terrible product !! This does not get hot enough !! Bristles are too short and they are flexible ... so they do n't wrap around the hair very well . If it heated up to a higher temperature maybe I could deal with the bristles . The tip is the only part that gets hot ... too hot to touch . Your hair gets caught in between a gap at the end of the barrel and the handle and rips your hair out . Also , the placement of the On/Off switch is terrible because as you are trying to curl your hair it keeps switching to Off . It is all around a bad product . The only thing it kind of works on is to turn under the ends of my 2 year old 's baby fine hair ... even then it does n't hold the curl very well . Still not hot enough . I do n't know why I even decided to give this a try because I own 2 other Helen of Troy products and I do n't care for them either . Go with the Conair Instant Heat 1.25 inch with the 25 settings . It gets really hot ... I just wish the barrel was bigger . I do n't understand why these are so hard to find ???
 The brush part is too hard - the spikes should be more flexable , ball end , and a bit longer.Too easy for burned fingers and burned scalp .
 Product description states `` soft , '' ball-tipped bristles . To the contrary , the bristles are made of hard plastic . Soft material would be rubber , not plastic . Very disappointed .
 This is n't the fault of the iron , itself . It works just fine . Since the 1.5 inch Helen of Troy brush iron seems to no longer be made , I was hoping this one would do . Unfortunately , it is no replacement for the largest brush iron that used to be on the market . If you like this size , it will work just great for you !
 Can I pick `` no stars ? '' I wish I had n't wasted my money , because this product does not have enough heat to curl my hair , no matter how long I hold it .
 I have looked everywhere for a 1 '' curling brush . I was so happy when I found this one . That quickly changed when I used it for the 1st time . It does n't get hot . It does n't even get lukewarm . I can touch it with my finger and it does n't burn . It 's a piece of junk . I would send it back but I do n't feel like messing with it . I guess the manufacturer figures everyone might feel that way !
 This is a terrible product . There is no way to hold this and curl your hair without burning your fingers . I have even tried gloves but still too hot and too akward . Do not purchase this product . It is terrible .
 This product is not good at all . It 's such low heat that I can put my hand on the barrel and not get burnt . I do not have hair that is hard to curl - this just did n't do anything . Even after letting it heat for 30 min . I was going to return it , but after you pay return shipping , and the restocking fee I would n't have gotten any money back . So much for standing behind everything . I threw it away and ordered the Conair version from another amazon retailer . It was 1/4 inch smaller , but works really well . Go with that .
 This parfum did not smell in any way like fresh laundry on me . I was disappointed and expected more for the price.I was looking for a fragrance that was unique . This smelled just like all the other floral fragrances .
 I ordered this perfume because of the many reviews that said this smelled light and clean . I received it and could n't wait to wear it . I can not tell you how disappointed I am in this scent . It smells just like Lemon Pledge . I absolutely can not wear it bc it smells like a cleaning product ... and it is so loud and abrasive . I even went to work to try to find someone to pawn this off on and absolutely no one wanted any of it . They would curl their nose in disgust and shrink away from it . I realize perfume is very subjective and I am sure others hate my very favorite perfume -LRB- White Gardenia Petals -RRB- , but I did want to offer an alternate view .
 This perfume really does smell clean but it 's a little over-powering . I typically do not wear perfume that I can smell on myself all day b/c it makes me sick . This perfume definitely sticks around so I wo n't buy it anymore . I like perfume that fades into a more natural smell . This perfume is so strong , when I eat , my food tastes like it . But for the overall smell , it does smell like a laundry detergent .
 The price was reasonable at my local drugstore , so I thought I 'd try this out as a special treat for my hair , which is in good condition but has a few split ends.Results were disappointing ; I used the Placenta treatment twice in the last couple of weeks and it rendered my fine and somewhat thick hair noticeably duller , thinner , flyaway , and more lifeless when compared to the results of my normal wash and condition routine.I continue to use good salon products sometimes , but I 'm always on the hunt for options which are more affordable while delivering good performance.My latest find is the sulfate-free EverPure line by L'Oreal . Over the last year , I 've been using their original body-building shampoos & conditioners , which help my red hair color last longer and really give my locks shine and body . -LRB- Guess it makes sense to try their deep conditioner , now ! -RRB-
 Kind of misleading . Great fragrance , but just not a good value . Better off buying a small bottle -LRB- 3.5 oz -RRB- after cost of shipping included ...
 The real thing does not look as nice as shown . The package is crappy . You can use it by your own but do n't expect it as a small gift . This is what I paid for , about $ 7-8 or so .
 Finally it arrived after I had to contact the seller to find out why they shipped my pkg so late . So this over priced teeny tiny bottle shows up in the mail today , the other reviews are right about it being very musky and for an older man , but not 30s , reminds me of a stail old cologne my grandpa kept it those glass cars on his dresser . Smells awful . . I was going to put it in my boyfriends stocking , but after smelling it . I think ill give it to my 60 + yr old dad . Doubt hed even wear it . . Glad it was just a sample . .
 I love Clinique lash building primer . It 's the best I 've found , and it 's the only one I 've tried that actually helps prevent my mascara from flaking and smudging . That said , DO NOT BUY it from this seller or any of the other Amazon 3rd party sellers who are asking $ 20-some plus shipping for this product . The full size product through Clinique online store is $ 14 plus $ 5 shipping.After I first checked Amazon for this primer and saw how much these sellers wanted , I went to Clinque site and ordered two at $ 14 apiece . I paid $ 6 shipping PLUS got a free sample of their lotion AND a free mini lipstick . A much better deal , would n't you say ?
 I thought this product might be a little more expensive if it were bought online , but I did not expect it to cost twice what it cost at a retail location in the Mall ! I purchased this through Beauty Mart .
 Possibly a very nice product line years ago . Smells like something gone past the expiration date . One sample of the `` fragrance '' and the windows and doors had to be opened .
 If you make a mistake and need to return the product , totally unused and in the same condition received , you must be given permission to do so . When speaking to the representative I was refused permission ; I was told that I did n't know what I was speaking about and I should just go ahead and use the product , etc. . I had to get Amazon Customer Service involved .
 I did not get what I ordered . The picture and description on this product is for Q-Tips . What I got was a box of `` Made in China '' dynarex cotton tipped applicators.I have sent two requests to the company for them to rectify the problem . As of this date , I have not heard from them.If you are expecting the brand Q-Tips , go somewhere else to make your purchase.Very disappointed .
 My wife tried it for a few times -- being the trooper she is -- but she could not get used to the burning sensation around the eyes . If the serum had actually worked , I would have given it more than 1 star .
 I purchased Burt 's Bees Repair Serum as a daytime under eye moisturizer . Unfortunately , it did a much better job of removing my mascara . I looked like a raccoon by the end of the day until I figured out it was Burt . It is ok as a night moisturizer .
 When I read the word serum I though it could be pretty light and smooth like other serums but this ones is oily , heavier and I smells funny I do not really feel comfortable smelling it for awhile after I apply it , I got it because I read good reviews and now I hope it works .
 This could be a good product , but the smell does n't go away , it sticks around , yuck ! Try REN Omega 3 serum , it has all the good oils , but does n't stink .
 I bought this because of the positive reviews & the natural ingredient ; however , it 's too sticky even i used only tiny for my entire face . I tried it only twice in two consecutive nights , and I still ca n't stand the sticky feeling on my face . So I returned it next day . I have been using many different kinds of serum -LRB- fr dept stores / drug stores -RRB- , i think the royal jolly makes it sticky or too rich for me . it may be a great product if the weight is not that heavy . BB becomes my favor since I want to use natural product to my skins .
 Thanks to this serum I developed Cholinergic urticaria , a sensitivity to heat that causes extreme itchiness . Use very sparingly at your own risk , or not at all . I would n't recommend it . For all the trouble it 's caused me , it did n't repair anything at all ! It 's a fine moisturizer , but there is much better available .
 This was basically just oil-which is fine if that 's what you 're looking for . It was useless to me and I do n't really understand how oil could be useful for anyone . I returned this item . The smell is not bad , but it 's very strong .
 there is a difference between `` eau de toilette '' and `` cologne '' It makes me furious when I search for `` cologne '' and I get this !
 there is a difference between `` eau de toilette '' and `` cologne '' It makes me furious when I search for `` cologne '' and I get this !
 I 'm a mature woman who still gets an occasional pimple . I do n't want a harsh acne cream , so I thought I would try these . I 've used the Olay and even Walmart brand of facial cleansing cloths and love them . All you do is wet them and they lather very well . I thought these would be similar , but I was mistaken . These `` cloths '' feel like actual fabric -LRB- polyester ? -RRB- and are useless . They do n't lather and my face did n't feel clean after using them . I wasted my money on these and will have to find someone who wants them , or I might just have to end up throwing them away .
 The instructions say to wet your face , wet the cloth and rub for a rich lather . What lather ? There is no lather . It is like wiping your face with a rough paper towel . I will stick with Noxzema Triple Clean Pads at half the price for twice the pads that actually clean your face .
 First off i did n't even know how these things worked when i used them it looks like the wet-nap u get at applebees smell is terrible does not work at all way too expensive better off with clearisil pads u get double the pads half the price and u do n't have to wet ur face to remove dirt and grim .
 I used this for three months and did n't see ANY difference . I exercise and diet , so , definitely this does n't worth my money or time .
 I saw no reduction in cellulite when using this product . From what I have read , there is very little known about the causes of cellulite -LRB- aside from weight gain -RRB- or about what causes it to be more frequent in women than in menn . I also did an `` anti cellulite '' diet when using this that had high amounts of fresh fruit vegetables , low sodium fat and carbs and lost weight but did not see a marked difference in the reduction of cellulite . However , once I discontinued using the product my cellulite got worse even though I did not discontinue the diet . Honestly , do n't waste your money there are other brands and better products .
 I 've used this product daily as directed for over 8 weeks . It simply does n't work . I could n't see even the slightest difference . Save your money , especially if you 've paid $ 15 at the drug store like I did .
 I used this on my wife and really rubbed it in hard every day for about 10-20 min and saw little results over a one month period . Most of these creams are a big scam and are designed to make a fast buck off of consumers that are looking for a quick fix . My advice if you want to lose cellulite drop the doritos get on the treadmill and do workouts like you see on the biggest loser . A cheap bottle of this junk will not cure you !!
 I really did n't see any difference . The can lasted a long time and the smell was nice . I do feel like I could 've spent my money on something else !!
 this was not the most refreshing and clean patchouli scent I have encountered ... more musty , less earthy . I typically love this scent ... just not in this particular soap !
 i oredr the coconut oil hair condicioner and they send me the wrong one the shine one that is not a condicioner is a shine and i dont like it .
 I bought this product on a vacation , because I had left my usual lotion behind . This product did horrible things to my skin . I have never had an allergic reaction in my life , but after using this product for 2 days , my face puffed out and grew red . I took a Claritin , which reduced the puffiness , but my skin continued to look as though I had overdid at the tanning salon . The product literally gave me a sunburn ! I had to buy an over-the-counter medication to reduce the inflammation . I am horrified by this product , and hope it does n't have long-term effects on my skin . Do NOT buy this product !
 YUCK ! I am really starting to think many of these rave reviews are fake , because go on over to Makeupalley and everyone else hates this product as well . I have never in my life actually thrown away a full product , until this one . It was literally unusable . It made my face look muddy , not natural at all . And it also clumped up around my eyebrows and the sides of my face , even though I did n't use that much ! It just looked so bad , I did n't feel guilty about throwing it in the garbage at all . Buy at your own risk
 I am a fan of Neurtogena products , but this one is not up to their usual standard . It is quite oily looking and you always have a feeling that something is layered on your face.As well as it you not rub it very well into your face you have stripes here and there , not the look I was going for . Very disappointed .
 Do the folks at Neutrogena know what `` light '' means ? The color of this `` light tint '' is quite dark , way too dark for fair skin .
 I do n't like to wear any makeup and was hoping that this would just feel like a moisturizer going on . But it does not , it feels like make up and so I used it once or twice and that was about it . It does seem to cover okay but to be honest , I 'm a bad judge at that , since I do n't use makeup . But if you 're looking for a moisturizer feel , keep on looking . It 's not this one .
 I paid $ 18 -- including shipping -- for this tiny , tiny , little bottle of moisturizer in a box way too big for it -LRB- and it did n't arrive quickly , either -RRB- . It needs to be rubbed in and blended really well to avoid leaving the dreaded `` foundation line . '' I ended up liking it after a lot of trial and error , but I do n't think I 'll be buying it again . Not worth the cost .
 The Neutrogena brand has always rocked in my opinion ; no matter what it was that I bought , it always delivered exceedingly , until I tried this particular item . It `` clumped '' and `` gummed '' on my face after my shower . I used it on top of my normal regimen of face serum , etc. , and it would peel and leave `` pills '' of gummed up brown goo -LSB- because its tinted -RSB- , so I tried it on my bare face , because I need a moisturizer and SPF protection , and the same thing happened . I could not believe it ! I have never , ever , had to return a product through Amazon , but for this one .
 This bottle is not even 2 ounces and it costs more than $ 11 ! What a rip off . It does n't work any better than other moisturizers , in fact I prefer the texture of other moisturizers and this one also has an odd smell . You can buy Olay or even the generic brand moisturizers with SPF and they have the same ingredients and work great . I will not be buying this again .
 I bought the untinted moisturizer , because I was looking for just a lightweight product that I could use on my face as sunscreen . I was disappointed . As soon as my face began to sweat at all , it became slippery and very wet . I have tried using less lotion , with the same effect . I followed the directions , saying to apply directly after cleansing . I 'll try something else now .
 I have been buying this mascara for years at my local drugstore ; it 's awesome . The small wand is the best.I gave ordering on Amazon a try ; I ordered a black from Amazon directly and it arrived just fine . This brownish-black arrived in packaging that was faded and yellowed -LRB- read
 I put this on right after taking a shower in the morning and it flakes off probably because my skin was a little dry . But it has daily moisterizer right ? Also , the tint is very light , and does not do a good job of coverage . I was not expecting it to be heavy like a foundation , but Dove did a better job than Neutrogena on coverage part . Also , the tint was not shiny enough -LRB- lol , if too shiny then my skin look oily -RRB- , so it makes my skin look flat , not radiant . Ca n't wait to finish this product so I can go back to Dove
 I was hoping to get something that would serve as a foundation plus the added benefit of a sun screen . I was very disappointed in this product because I still had to put foundation over it because the coverage was terrible . I use Neutrogena foundation and love it , but this is not a good substitute for it by any means .
 I bought this product to help lighten my freckles and it does nothing . I did n't even feel like my face was clean after I had to use another face wash after this . Not a fan . Sorry : -LRB-
 Unlike the previous reviewer , I find that this lotion does make my skin smooth after it is absorbed , with only a slightly tacky/sticky feeling left behind , mostly on my hands.I rather like the scent , but it is very strong and lingers ... it 's floral , maybe like lilac?The main trouble is the weird blue liquid-filled beads that pop while you apply the lotion and leave tiny trails of blue until you rub it all in . And , hopefully you rub them all in ... I 've found some stray un-popped beads after applying . The beads do n't make your skin blue , but I would hate to put this on while dressed and potentially stain my clothes .
 I tried this since I was looking for something to smooth my skin -LRB- ie the name of the product -RRB- ... . it shot , and missed ... I moisturized fairly ok ... . but it left my skin tacky tacky tacky ... plus the little beads in the lotion were unnerving . If I want something to TRULY exfoliate , I want it in my body wash ... . not my lotion.The smell was horrid . I could n't stand it , and it radiates off of you LONG after you slather this on . I ended up throwing out my whole bottle after only using it twice I think . I 'll stick with Vaseline .
 When am I going to get this product ??? This is the only item that has not shipped !!! Is this item on back order or what ?? Tell me something ...
 I bought the wrong brush while I wanted an art paint brush . This is an ordinary paint brush that works better on canvas and acrylic paint than for nails . I ended up using this brush to apply my acrylics for the nail fillings but even that is inefficient .
 I am not satisfied with the product at all . This fragrance is nothing like the original fragrance . I still have the bottle I purchased two years ago at the Lalique Store located in the Cayman Islands and the color and small are completely different . I wear this fragrance and it feels like I am wearing no perfume at all . Never again will I purchase a perfume from this website .
 I read the good reviews and bought it but it burnt my hair . I found it useless and very damaging to hair .
 I not happy with the product i recieved the curling iron and the handle had a sticy glue i have not hear from hot tools to mail it backI did send a email also
 I was really excited about getting this . It finally came and i opened it and tried it out . DIDNT WORK ! sure it gets hot and turns on but the point of a curling iron is to make curls right ? . it only flipped my hair because the second the curling iron let go of my hair it came undone . everyone in this house has tried it on my hair and no one can figure out why it isnt working the box says works on all hair types so why is mine the exception ? I KNOW its the curler thats cheap . it is made by helen of troy products which look cheap and are ! If i would have known then i wouldnt have wasted my time and money on this sucky product . I am getting a refund and no one can tell me otherwise !!!!
 The item was not what I wanted so I tried to get instructions for a return by both phone and email and get no response .
 I have not receieved this order yet ! Can you pelase update the expected ship date ?!
 I have really long , wavy , normal -LRB- nor thick nor thin -RRB- hair , and this curling iron is huge ! I was n't able to make a single curl on my hair !!! it only allows me to roll 3 times the hair on the iron , and no matter how long do I leave it on my hair it does n't curl at all !! leaves an awful wave on the hair , I even prefer my hair as it is . If you have medium or short hair do n't even think about it . I do n't recommend this product at all !
 Helen of Troy 1 inch jumbo curling iron , beware . Upon using this product , purchased within the last 30 days the thermostat must have suddenly burnt out and I lost a badly charred chunk of hair . The smell was disgusting and I will not trust that supposedly professional brand ever again .
 It is WAY too big . I dont need a iron that big so I returened it . I also ordered the izunami flat iron 1 inch at the same time which curls hair -LRB- loose or spiral -RRB- so I retured the curling iron . They dont exaggerate the word jumbo that IT IS !!!!!!!
 I purchased this curling iron at a salon . Almost from the first use , I became aware of an obvious -- horrible -- design flaw
 Bought this curling iron about 3 months ago and the spring has alreadybroken . To use it , I have to manually push it closed . The spring , which looksvery cheap , actually shifted out of place . I tried to force it back to realigncorrectly , this worked for 1 day , and then it shifted back . This is the firsttime I have bought this brand and will never purchase from them again . All the othercurling irons I have had have lasted for years and years . Ca n't believe this onelasted only 3 months . What a waste of money ! Other posters here have also hadthe spring fail , so this is not an isolated problem . Do NOT buy this .
 That 's it , I ordered a 1 '' curling iron but I got a 3/8 '' and I ca n't return it because it 's already out of the US so it is n't under guarantee anymore . I did n't knew they sent me the wrong size until it was in my hands here , in my country.Nevertheless , the thing works perfectly . I already bought a 11/2 '' and it is amazing , I love it !! Those 2 stars are because now I have to wait for another chance that some acquaintance goes to the US , so as I will buy another curling iron -LRB- hoping they send me the right one this time ... -RRB- and this person will bring it to me when they are back in the country ... but only God knows when will that be ... Damn you , Hot Tools people and thank you , by the way!SORRY FOR MY ENGLISH !! : S
 Purchased about 61/2 months ago and the spring just went out on it so it will not close to hold the hair .
 Nice style curling iron but did not seem to be able to put the slightest curl in my hair . I have another kind the same size but much cheaper where I am able to get curl and body .
 This product worked about 4 times , then stopped . I did n't pay a lot for it , so it 's not worth sending it back . I have a Hot Tools flat iron that works great , but this was a big disappointment .
 AWFUL EXPERIENCE ! Used curling iron for the first time on low heat and FRIED my hair right off ! The second time I tried to turn it on , it no longer heated up . Must have been a short in the curling iron or it was defective . I 'm out the money I paid since it was opened from the package & still do n't have a working curling iron ... Will never purchase Hot Tools again !!!!!
 I read all the reviews on Amazon for this curling iron and was so excited to receive it . However , as soon as I plugged it in I could tell something was off . I could n't tell if it was heated up all the way because it still felt warm ... so I waited 5 more minutes and no change ... in a lot of the reviews people said it only took 30 seconds to heat up ! Not mine ... after 15 minutes on the highest heat setting , I could still touch the barrell . So upset ! I got this curling iron to replace a bad quality Revlon brand one from the drugstore that barely curled my hair . But with this iron , I do n't see any difference.I am positive that Hot Tools is a great brand , but I 'm also convinced I got a knock-off . I ordered from the lowest-priced seller , which happened to be `` Amazon.com . '' If I were to do it over again , I would ORDER FROM A SMALLER SELLER . I was enticed by the free shipping , but I would pay shipping all over again just to get the real thing from a more legit seller . Be careful who you buy this iron from , you could get a knock-off !!!!
 I purchased this because I was looking for a curling iron that would give me waves , but not too much of a curl . It does n't really heat up as hot as I 'd like it to . . therefore , the curls do n't stay longer than about 30 minutes . I read great reviews on Hot Tools before buying . . maybe mine is defective . In my opinion , it 's not that great . Infra shine is a much better brand .
 I was excited to receive this after reading all the great reviews about it . I tried it and my curls were gorgeous at first , but after an hour they were barely wavy . At first I only used the TreSemme heat protectant spray , and later I tried hairspray and a curling mousse while using this curling iron at the hottest setting and holding it for 30 seconds on each curl . Even with all of that the curls would n't last more than an hour . This is my first curling iron so I ca n't say that it 's worse or better than other curling irons ... or maybe there 's something wrong with my hair . I hope the rest of you have better luck !
 I read the reviews on this iron about people with fine hair having a lot of good luck with this curling iron , so I was sad when it did n't work for me . Even though I did n't expect the curl to last long , even with a ton of hairspray and all the other tricks I 've tried over the years , my hair was completely flat in less than 30 minutes . Other curling irons have at least left a little curl on the ends and the look of hair that 's been curled that day . I got neither from this iron . I would not recommend it , and am probably going to return it or try to sell it to someone else .
 i have somewhat long hair and wanted loose curls . this doesnt even do a wave . i was not impressed . even with hairspray it never had a curl . my hair is easy to work with and it just didnt work for me . it straightened more than anything . i guess its good for doing the bangs in front because who wants curly bangs .
 Neither the curling results or iron itself are long lasting . The biggest annoyance was that it died on me after less than a year of using it once per week . I have had straightening and curling irons that have lasted 5 yrs + on average .
 This product was supposed to be new and it had scratches all over it , there was also some sort of glue like substance that left alot of residue on your hands whenever you touched any part of it that was plastic
 I 've had three of these Hot Tools 11/4 curling irons through the years . The first one was absolutely fantastic for many years . It stayed hot and the spring was strong . Finally the spring gave out . I ordered a replacement spring , which lasted less than a month , as it was no where near as strong as the original spring -LRB- plus it was very difficult to get the spring attached correctly -RRB- . So I bought a another curling iron , but it did n't last a year . The spring gave out and would n't hold the hair tight . I did n't bother replacing the spring based on my previous experience doing so.In the fall of 2010 , I replaced that 2nd iron with yet another one identical to it . And today , after about 6 months of use , the spring on this one gave out and wo n't clamp down on the hair at all.I 'm here on Amazon to find a new brand , and I 'm willing to pay more . I wo n't purchase HotTools any more . That first curling iron I purchased from HotTools years ago was priced around $ 60 to $ 75 . Now they 're going for a lot less , but I do think they 've skimped on quality along with the price drop.If you do n't mind buying a very hot curling iron every 6 months , then this is the curling iron for you . Otherwise , I suggest you keeping shopping for other brands with better quality .
 The problem with this hair curler is in the cord to the curler connection method . This is the second one that has had the same problem , intermittent power when the cord is wiggled . It may be useful for the cord to swivel around , but it is a problematic design . The end of the cord is connected to the iron using two coiled wires that tranmit power . If a break occurs in the cord inside this end then the power is intermittent . Hot Tools refuses to sell a replacement cord which would easily fix the problem since the iron is fine otherwise . Just want you to buy a new one with the same flaw . Look for another brand .
 *** UPDATE ! **** I was very happy with my new curling iron ... until it died only a few months after I had purchased it -- it died in February , around Valentines Day . I mean , died as in completely dead , right before I was to leave on a trip -LRB- I went out of town sporting some really flat hair -RRB- . I plugged it in one day and it remained cold as ice . I tried different outlets around my home to see if the GFI had tripped . But no , it was the iron . Keep in mind , I only used it two or three times a week in a home setting where it was plugged in for no more than 30 to 45 minutes at a time.Like most Americans , I am no longer surprised by what I call `` The -LRB- Made In -RRB- China Syndrome , '' where electrical appliances have become almost disposable in nature . But even though I 'm not surprised by these short-lived appliances , I am getting really sick of it . It 's not so bad when a manufacturer will stand by their product and replace it without a hassle or undue cost . But that is not the case with HOT TOOLS . Their `` warranty '' consists of the consumer paying the shipping to send the item to them , PLUS enclosing a $ 5 check for return shipping , unless you live in CA where apparently they can not legally charge you the $ 5 return shipping -LRB- all states should adopt this policy -RRB- . I took the iron to the USPS where they told me it would cost just under $ 10 to return it . Plus I would have to send that other $ 5 in . So , it would cost me $ 15 to get a replacement for an item that is undoubtedly defective.I am thinking about going ahead and sending it back simply because I am sick of buying electrical products with what I have deemed are bogus warranties . Manufacturers realize that the expense and hassle of enforcing the warranty is probably not worth it.I am also getting tired of `` The China Syndrome . '' If manufacturers insist on having their products made in China , they should step up quality control or offer a consumer-friendly warranty . Many companies do.Aside from going through the warranty process , Hot Tools is on my list of `` never buy again . '' From now on , I will investigate a warranty before I buy anything electrical or stick to those reputable companies that offer a consumer-friendly warranty.Here is my original review : This has been one of the best buys I 've made from Amazon.I always use `` professional '' curling irons at home on my unruly beach hair because they have higher heat settings , and that 's what it takes to make any kind of lasting difference with my hair.When my 1.5 inch curling iron died after 6 years of daily use , I began looking to replace it . I considered paying close to $ 100 for a popular brand name , but after reading the description and reviews on this Hot Tools , decided to go with it instead , and at a substantial savings . Boy am I glad I did ! This curling iron heats up in a flash and has/does everything I need . There is an adjustable heat setting and a swivel cord so styling is easy . There is no auto-off feature , which I like , so that the curling iron does n't turn off if I ca n't get right to it -LRB- just have to remember to turn it off before leaving the house ! -RRB- . The 1.5 inch barrel is perfect for my mid-length hair . Like most people , I 've tried turning my flat iron under to get a little bit of bounce or shape , because I do n't look good with stick-straight hair . But a flat iron just does n't do as good a job as a big-barreled curling iron and sometimes leaves a line . I also use a curling iron close to the roots to give my hair some lift , which I have n't been able to do with a flat iron . For everyday hair , it takes me about 5 to 7 minutes to get the look I want . For special occasions , I use small sections and setting `` product '' to do big , loose curls . It takes longer , maybe 20-25 minutes , but a 1.5 inch curling iron like this produces an excellent result.In short , this curling iron does everything I need it to do at a fraction of the price of that more expensive brand . What more could I ask for in a curling iron ?
 The end cap melted off the end of the iron . Of course , this happened after the 90 day return period . Will attach picture so others can be warned before purchasing this product .
 I heard so many wonderful things about this curling iron and so I decided to disregard the few bad reviews and go for the purchase . Unfortunately , the thing works maybe 15 % of the time . When I plug it in , I pray that the light will come on and I can do my hair . Most of the time it does n't . Since this happened to a few other reviewers , it seems that my bad iron is not a fluke . I would return it and make a big stink but I have neither the time nor the patience .
 This curling iron gets very hot and makes very nice curls . I liked it so much I bought a smaller size too and was considering buying a medium sized one . Then one day while I was curling my hair , it popped and began to smoke . It no longer works . I expect a product like this to have a longer life that the one year I got out of it . It was MADE IN CHINA and so maybe I should have expected that it was not a quality product . In general CHINESE quality control is n't very good or does n't exist at all . Lesson learned .
 I have coarse Asian-American hair . While it takes some effort to curl it , it will hold a curl with certain styling aides . My daughters have much finer hair - not baby fine but certainly finer than mine . This curling iron did n't do a thing for our hair . We tried the lowest heat setting , the highest , curling just the bottom of our hair and winding nearly all the way up . No curls at all . I should have returned it but forgot to ... now I 'll just sell it at our next yard sale .
 it also melted my hair off within seconds of using it . ive never experience hair melting before , so either this is way to dangerous , or . . way to dangerous.RETURNING NOW .
 I may just be stupid but I can curl my hair fine with a flat iron . I thought I 'd get this to add variety to the curls but it does not work . I have watched videos and tried everything . It does not work unless I keep it on my hair for an insane amount of time . Takes a long time to curl and does not get too hot though I burn my fingers often on it . Would not buy again or suggest .
 I ordered this product and received 3/4 inch product . It did n't come close to anything that I ordered and was of real poor quality . What were they thinking when they shipped the product . I will forget and keep the product and they will have made a good deal . I needed the hair curler in time for my daughter for certain occasion . I returned it and am hoping to receive the money back along with the shipping charges . Let us hope .
 This was a replacement curling iron . I had the exact one and was extremely happy with it for several years . The spring broke on my first one and it would no long hold my hair when I used it . The new iron spring already sounds like it is going to break . Sometimes it does n't hold my hair and I have to force it to close . I do n't think it will last long at all !! This was not a good purchase !!
 I was excited to start curling when I read all the fantastic reviews , but my curling iron simply stopped working two weeks after I bought it . Really poor quality .
 I was very disappointed with this curling iron . I 've used Hot Tools before and liked them because they get VERY hot , VERY quickly . This particular unit fell apart 3 days after I received it . The spring mechanism is not designed well . Whenever there 's an issue , -LRB- and I 've owned at least 5 of these curling irons in different sizes -RRB- it usually has to do with the spring or the sliding ball under the thumb grip . I plan to return this unit to Amazon and get another , hoping this was just an isolated case .
 It does curl my hair , but it 's not ceramic , I used low heat but it still fries my hair ...
 I was very enthusiastic upon awaiting for this curler and it turned out to be defective . What more can I say-Very disappointed !
 Power cord started to shore out a year and a half into use . I only use this at home and am not a stylist so it was n't heavy use . I called the company and the product is only warranted for a year . The replacement cost was $ 21 but buy the time you pay for shipping both ways what 's the point ? My revlon brand iron lasted many years longer . Needless to say I 'm disappointed since it 's suppose to be a professional item that it died after light home use .
 Good curling irons as far as quality . I bought these because I wanted to add little more body and bounce to my hair that flat irons can not do . They do n't look cheap or flimsy . I 've used it maybe 3 times and am quite impressed , however , I was a little irritated by the heating preferences . The heating element goes from 280 to 430 . I wish there was a lower setting than 280 . For me , 280 is just too hot . I am really big on hair health and I always try to use the lowest heat setting possible to prevent breakage or damage . . Perhaps if it went down to 200 , it would be better . These curling irons work very well but I am not very satisfied with the heating preferences so I will probably continue to look for something better .
 Based on the reviews , I thought this purchase was a no-brainer , but this curling iron just does n't work in my hair . I 've used other curling irons for nearly twenty years for spirals , waves , etc. , and have always gotten good hold until this one . I 'm completely perplexed by this because I 've never had issues in the past . It 's definitely getting hot , but my hair comes off the rod nearly straight , and what little curl there is -LRB- when there is any at all -RRB- falls right out within a minute or two . I wanted this for body , not curls , but it does n't even do that . And yes , I 've tried adding my styling products both before and after ; it makes absolutely no difference . Bummer .
 I purchased this curling iron back in September and the power control switch broke after 3 months of use . It is a little switch that you push forward and back to turn on or off and when I try to move it to the on part it just wo n't activate the curling iron . I use it everyday , but hardly would consider this good enough reason for the most important part of the curling iron to stop working . I would not purchase this item again . Curling irons I have used in the past lasted way longer than 3 months THEY LASTED YEARS ... they should n't have such a sensitive switch !
 I did n't get any curls from this . There were marks from the clamp left in my hair and it fried my hair into frizz . I got maybe 1 or two curls and that 's after trying to curl all my hair .
 I loved this curling iron until it broke about 6 months later . It 's too bad because I had a curling iron that was ten to fifteen years old and it worked like a charm until it finally broke about a year ago . Ugh ... It 's so frustrating !!!!!
 For two years , the 1102 did fantastic things for my wife 's hair , which consists of long and lustrous raven tresses . She was really happy with the product . Then , today , the power cord 's wiring separated at the rotating joining location of the iron . It shocked my wife and arc 'd a spark across the room . I was down the hallway and saw the spark , it was like a camera flashbulb had gone off . It scared the poop out of both of us . Not sure beautiful hair is worth electrocution .
 This iron is a bit on the heavy side and snagged and pulled my hair and left it dry dull and lifeless , i actually had parts that looked burnt and crumbled to the touch and i was not even to the extremely hot setting , this is just a metal barrel the gold blah blah is non sense , i have a paul mitchell straightner which is soo smooth and adds shine to my hair probably i ll try the curling iron from same brand .
 Length :
 I never write reviews but in this case I had to.I will start with bad stuff ... In general the Extra Hot heat mode should NOT exist on this curling iron ... . I doubt that there is a person whose hair wont melt when it is subjected to such heat ... I accidentally turned the nob to the wrong side -LRB- towards extra hot -RRB- . Guess what , it dried my hair to the point that it did n't curl anymore ... and then when I touched , it it fell right off ... 2 inch long piece of a thick curl just fell right off ... . I understand that I had to realize that extra hot is EXTRA hot ... But seriously , such setting should not even exist ... . Oh , and I did not hold it for too long b/c I did n't want crazy spiral shapes ... just a little waviness.When I was trying to check the rest of my hair for melted/dried pieces my heart was racing and hands shaking ... . So , Girls be careful ... Overall , it curls nice , wide curls and does its job ... as long as its not on Extra hot setting .
 After doing some research on Amazon I decided to ask for this curling iron for Christmas on my amazon list . My sister got it for me . I used it 4 times . The second time , on the lowest setting , it FRIED my hair . It is truly frizzled/fried in places , which is very distressing . After talking to my stylist and buying some heat protective spray , I tried it again . It seemed OK for 2 more uses , then stopped working entirely . The power indicator light goes on , but it does not heat up AT ALL . This happened right before an important professional meeting I had to travel to , which I had to attend with flat hair.Re-reading the reviews I see that other people have had a similar if not identical experience . It is probably the worst product I 've ever gotten . And I ca n't return it because it was a present plus I threw away the packaging . I recommend that you AVOID THIS PRODUCT . I will never buy a `` Hot Tools '' product again .
 initiially , the item worked wonderfully !! I LOVED this iron ... . Then one day , after approximately 21/2 months it just stopped getting hot . I made sure it was plugged in to a working outlet and was turned ON - but nothing ... wouldnt even get warm . The orange &#34; ON &#34; indicator light was illuminated and i even tried different temperature setings ... still nothing . Debating on whether or not to buy the exact same or switch to a different brand : /
 Stopped working after 6 months . I bought this as a replacement because the one I had previously did the same thing in same amount of time .
 I like this curling iron in every aspect except for the fact that the handle is now gooey and stuck with hair , and nothing I have tried will take it off . It 's going in the trashcan . Sorry Hot Tools ! Try another type of plastic .
 I asked for the Hot Tools 11/4 '' curling iron for Christmas . I already have a much smaller one -LRB- maybe 1/2 inch , ca n't remember -RRB- , and it works wonderfully . I have very , very straight , reluctant , long hair , and even with a small one like that , I can roll a moderately sized section of hair on the highest heat setting and it makes very nice curls in a small amount of time . I wanted the 11/4 '' to make larger curls and waves , especially because my hair has gotten longer and I ca n't curl very high with a small one . I was SO upset and disappointed when I tried out my new curling iron and got barely any results at all . I put it on the highest setting -LRB- it 's supposed to go up to 450 degrees -RRB- and it barely curled the very bottom of each section . I tried holding the hair in for a long time , using really small sections , using hairspray ... nothing worked . I held up sections vertically from my scalp and tried curling to the very root , but it barely made the slightest suggestion of a wave , and I could make my hair straight again by just brushing it out with my hands once.I do n't know if this particular curling iron was defective and did n't actually get hot enough - it really did n't feel like 450 degrees to me . Overall I 'm just so surprised that the smaller one I have has more power and higher heat than this one . I 'm really really disappointed . This was the thing I was most excited about for Christmas , and I was looking forward to using it for work , but I think I 'm just going to have to send it back and find a different brand .
 My wife has had several of these and loves them - until the lever spring -LRB- that gives it the clamping action -RRB- fails . The spring has a little metal roller on it that - after repeated use - wears out and slides down to the base of the spring . When that happens the clamping action of the lever is gone . They maker obviously knows about the design flaw because they include one extra spring in the box . That 's great if you did n't throw it out with the box and are handy enough -LRB- and have a screwdriver -RRB- to replace it when needed . Unfortunately , the spring seems to wear out after ~ 6 months of daily use.Like many others I 'm getting tired of throwing things out prematurely so at my urging my wife is looking for another brand this time around . Problem is they all seem to be made in China - which is where the quality seems to be the most questionable . Any brand suggestions ?
 I usually never do this , write reviews , but I hate this curling iron i 've owned it for a week now . I curl my hair everyday and this curling iron does n't hold the curl . I decided to buy it for a replacement and after seeing the great reviews I thought okay i 'll give a try , I have a Hot Tools straightner for 5 years already and it still works like the first day I bought it but this curling iron for me is a disapointment .
 I bought this curling iron hoping to achieve the celebrity `` wave '' . Like this -LSB- ... -RSB- I have straight , fine , hard to curl , medium-long length -LRB- bra length -RRB- hair . I sprayed my dry hair with hairspray lightly , and curled , in sections , like every tutorial says to do but my result was not successful . It flipped out the ends of my hair and thats it . No curl , no wave . Two hours later my hair was FLAT.Maybe I 'm doing something wrong ? But I think this iron is just too big . I returned it and purchased the 1-14 '' iron . Maybe the 1/4 '' will make a difference ? Or maybe someone can give me some tips ?
 Hi the item that I have received was bent , looks used , and also shortage of connection . I was not happy at all . Ill like to know what is the process of returning my item as in how long would it take and what is the cost .
 Brand new out of package and does n't turn on or work . Frustrating . What a waste of time and money !
 its hard to curl my hair , have to wait about a min to let my hair curl and its expensive dones n't worth the money do not buy it . .
 This iron was great until it died today . I purchased this just 2 years ago and used it maybe once a week . I have other curling irons I 've had 10 years that still work - and they were cheaper ! I 'm am extremely disappointed , given the high ratings and the apppearance of high quality of this product . I am bummed !
 I bought this curling iron in June 2010 . I use it once a day most days . I loved using it until last month , it stopped working . There may be a short , because if I fuss with it , I can get it to turn on sometimes . Looks like I 'm throwing it in the trash . I 'm frustrated , my cheaper low end irons have lasted 5 + years ... this Hot Tools iron lasting only 20 months ... lame .
 I got the wrong perfume my order was `` Lancetti Perfume '' -LRB- yellow box -RRB- but I got `` leidi Lancetti '' -LRB- red box -RRB- . i sent three e-mails and waited for more than 2 weeks and no one reply.just bad support .
 Beware ! It looks like it has nothing to do with the real Versace product . I took my product to a local shopping mall and compared the scents ... I do n't know how this is possible , but I am deeply disppointed !
 I ordered this product , shipping was great but the cologne is a `` knockoff `` I owned this product a while back so I ordered a sample to see if I still like it and this sample bottle does n't have a hole in the top cap . I know this is a sample but other samples I have seen at department stores have the same cap and bottle as the bigger size . Any ways this product did not cost much so was not a big deal
 Pay close attention to the size of the stuff . 0.17 is way too small to spend any money on this product . On top of that it does n't smell very good . My advice to you is to bypass this product and go with something with more size and better fragrance .
 I was excited to order this cologne . I have used it for about 10 years . Retail outlets have stopped carrying this product , so I figured I would check it out on Amazon . The picture and description match the bottle I have always purchased . What arrived at my house is `` Versace The Dreamer , '' but it is not what is pictured , and it definitely smells different and much weaker . If you like the real `` The Dreamer '' do n't get this , because its something totally different and you will be deeply disappointed . I 'd rather pay full price and get the real thing .
 Dear Consumers , let me first preface this with , I 'm not normally a soapy kind of guy , but since i was a kid i have had skin allergies and constantly have to be careful of allergic reactions to soaps and shampoos and colognes and even women 's perfumes from time to time ... I even had to tailor my own kind of antiperspirant down to one non-allergenic brand . . anyway ... about three years ago a friend bought me some Sandalwood soap and wow ... it was awesome ... great smell , long lasting and most of all no reaction at all ... well i ran out and never replaced it . . over the time i have been trying to find the same one and not had much success ... so yet again i went in search of soap and found this on , so I bought it , this Mysore brand ... And Oh My Holiness ... Listen ... . This stuff never made it to my bathroom okay , that 's how bad this stuff is ... And i mean that literally i opened the amazon package , then opened the sealed package containing the soap and then the smell hit me ... I would n't give this stuff to my worst enemy . . figure of speech ... but its true ... this stuff is awful . . smells like nothing more than IVORY . . . TRUST Me ... . i have been through every brand you can find in walmart , grocery stores , CVS , walgreens , Hooks -LRB- in the old days -RRB- and more ... and this is nothing but IVORY based soap ... YUCK ... . sadly i brought this on myself ... i went cheap and bought three for $ 10 bucks ... now i will just save my self the sensory sadness and buy the best brand i can find for more if i have to ... I 'm sorry , whoever makes this stuff . . really needs to go back to formula ... . i mean i suppose there are a good many people that like it . . as its been around forever according to online reviews and statements , but i am sure all of them use IVORY too . . which i cant stand the smell of nor tolerate on my skin . . so back to the drawing board for me . . oatmeal soap . . until i find the one sandalwood that is right for me . Spend your money on something that is a better quality and better scented sandalwood this is a knock-off trying being passed off as sandalwood ... Okay I 'm done ... just had to share because i cant believe anyone really likes this stuff and want to save you the grief of facing the awful smell ... Kind Regards , and best of luck soap hunting . .
 I would not have rated this product for the following reason -LRB- normally it would get 5 stars from me -RRB- . I had to rate it to send this message - there should be a mark or indication of no rating.I ordered what I thought was Jean Nate Cologne Spray based on the picture . What I received was Jean Nate After Bath Splash . In dialogue with your provider it was pointed out , in very small print , that this product was indeed the After Bath Splash even though the picture indicated it was the Cologne spray.I then contacted Revlon about the availibility of the Jean Nate Cologne Spray on other web sites . I was informed that Revlon has ceased making the Jean Nate Cologne Spray . I told them that I hated that they were not making it anymore.I would appreciate it if you take all references to the Jean Nate Cologne Spray out of your offerings for fragrances so that other unsuspecting customers do n't order what they think is one thing and it turns out to be somthing else.Thank youPat Guntrum
 I love it when my wife has on Jean Nate Perfume . The problem was that stores did n't carry it anymore . So I went on line , and found it on Amazon . They even had a picture of the bottle and the size was just like my Wife had . This is great ! I ordered it and waited just a few days for it to arrive . When it came I opened the box and there it was . What was in the box was the wrong stuff . I tried calling the people that sent it to me three times and they never returned any calls to me . What they sent me was Jean Nate body splash . After going back on Amazon and reading the reviews I found out this . Jean Nate by Revlon does n't make the perfume and more . Amazon should remove this product from their site . They might as well sent me dog food . My wife told me that she 'll keep the splash.Today I 'm looking for some by-fold safty glasses for when I go target shooting . But I 'm not looking on Amazon ! And when I get those glasses I 'm going to aim at that bottle of splash , but the only thing that 's going to smell good is the gun power that 's in the air when I nail that bottle!So ... . read the reviews about problems that others have!Brian
 I used the Panama Jack Aloe Green Ice which I bought here in Cancun on vacation . I got a little burned so I thought I 'd put some aloe . I usually use a different brand but this was the only one the store had so I bought it . I applied it just once before bed . My husband did too . His was on the chest , mine all over my stomach and thigh area . When I woke up , I noticed that everything seemed deeper red than the night before and puffy . I thought wow , I must have been burned worse than I thought . As the day went on , I got more and more areas that started turned dark red , getting very puffy and swollen and started getting blisters . By the next morning I was covered in huge areas of blisters and more areas of dark red puffy areas . My husband got the same exact thing on his chest . I have 2 emails to Panama Jack and they still have not bothered to call me or return my email . I have had to go on prednisone high dosages and still after 4 days , still have huge oozing blisters and more blisters still coming . I ca n't wear my swimsuit or go swimming . All I can do is sit in the shade with a baggy shirt . Some fun vacation . Thanks Panama Jack for ruining my vacation . I 'll probably be covered in scars . Lord help the person who puts this on their kid . Imagine applying this acid to your child and seeing them get chemical burns like this . AVOID this stuff like the plague . I have now found other reviews from people who experienced the same ordeal . When I get back home , I 'll post the pictures so people can see the results of using the Aloe Green Ice . And still , they have n't bothered to return my email . On the subject line I put `` URGENT - severe allergic reaction from Aloe Green Ice '' , but still have heard nothing .
 Buyers , beware ! I tried this in 2005 when it was initially available . I tried this product and two other products of the same line 3 times , even on freshly washed hair and scalp . The results were oiliness on the hair and flakes on my scalp . This product contains mineral oil listed in the first line along with cheap cost water . How can this `` dry hair healer '' heal your hair if it coats it with mineral oil and other chemicals with a bit of natural oils which are promoted to heal your hair but these oils are little in amount compared to the other unnatural chemicals . Do n't be fooled by commercials or the people who like using mineral oil as a moisturizer . Mineral oil is not a moisturizer but coats whatever it is applied to . Just use the oils that are listed toward the bottom of this product list and enjoy the benefits of using natural , pure oils with artificial ingredients . I do believe the results would be better than using this item or anything made by softsheen-carson . You can always buy real natural products that will moisturize and nourish your hair like products from companies like littlepenguinsonline.com or brownbutterbeauty.com . I have used their products before without adverse effects , whether I like them or not , and no , I 'm not affiliated with these companies . It 's just advice , my review .
 I was delighted to find I could still purchase a favorite Lancome fragrance because it was not available in stores.Such a disappointment to find it is not the same fragrance at all - altered in a very bad direction so I can not use it.It would have been better if the maker had named it Climat Two , or somehow indicated it was a new product , which it most definitely is . I have the remnant of an old bottle with the original , which is great .
 African America , 4c , relaxed girl.This does literally nothing to my hair . Absolutely nothing at all , which I find weird because theoretically it should do * something * . Anyway , I use honey as a pre-poo or added to my DC -LSB- adds major shine and softness -RSB- once a week on wash day , and I deep condition and co-wash regularly , so maybe it just does not work because I already have the level of shine it would impart if I did not do those things ? Perhaps I expected it to be more like a salon style shine than the sort of healthy glow you get from honey and regular DC/baggying ? Anyway , I 'm sure this works for loads of people , but if you 're already doing other stuff to give your hair shine like closing cuticles and adding your own concoctions to your dc , this probably wo n't add much to that .
 WORST blades I ever bought ! EVERY blade went dull within TWO shaves . Will never buy again . Let the buyer beware !!!
 not the same as I buy in Europe . Smells complitly different !!!!! Very disappointedand ca n't return .
 I believe this was a fake perfume . I tried to return but had foolishly thrown away the box . Otherwise I could have.Whose fault I do n't know . At least it smells pleasant enough . The vendor was very responsive in trying to resolvethis problem . I just wo n't use them again . I have enjoyed this fragance for years and do know what it should smell like .
 Very disappointed about this product.It 's NOT REAL Climat . FAKE product.I know this parfume smell for MANY YEARS . So , with this Toilette Spray I 'm VERY disappointed .
 To whom it may concern , What an absolute pleasure it is to deal with the business people , WeMakeBeauty seller who still have integrity and good values to be proud of . I am sorry that something that has clearly been out of both of our control , has caused both of us some inconveniences etc but I am recommending your business to all my friends and I will not hesitate to use you in the future.It has been a pleasure doing business with you , and may I also take this opportunity of wishing you , your family and business a Happy Holiday and all the best success for you in the future.Kind regards , Jessica
 I had used this product before and really liked how fine the scrub is and how it smells - like watermelon . It 's also very affordable . Then I ran out of it and could n't find it in stores anymore , but was so happy to find it online on Amazon . Well , it was too good to be true because what I did receive did not smell right - like it was stale from sitting around too long . I can only conclude that this product has been discontinued and am now trying Clean and Clear 's Morning Burst in - shower scrub .
 It took me 2 days and this product smell is not out of my hair . It has a smell that is so overpowering .
 There is an additive in this paraffin that causes it to not &#34; set up &#34; on the skin . It pulls off while putting on the liners and just winds up a mess .
 I have been waiting patiently for the paraffin wax but none has been delivered as yet.The order was placed on October 26 , 2009 . I tracked the order and it only shows there was an Attempt to deliver this package on November 2 , 2009 . It is now Friday , November 27 , 2009 , and no product.I have n't checked yet to see if my credit card was charged , but I bet it was.Paraffin Wax Refills - Unscented - 6 lb pkgUNHappy Customer
 When I ordered 6 lbs . of Paraffin wax I expected to be charged for that weight . However , the shipping charges - @ $ .95 per lb . - came to $ 15.00 -LRB- more than the price of the product itself -RRB- . Later , when reviewing the order I saw that if fact , this was the price they stated on the order preview . However , unlike the purchase price which was printed in bold type , the shipping price was not . And so of course , I missed it . A classic case of ` let the buyer beware ' . And by the way - why does it take 4 lbs . of packaging to ship 6 lbs . of anything ?
 I order these `` unscented Paraffin wax refills , '' but the product I received differs from the product description -LRB- I have n't actually used the product -RRB- . The product I received was `` antibacterial '' paraffin , which has Triclosan listed as the active ingredient . Had I know this was `` antibacterial '' paraffin I would not have placed the order . I am not comfortable using anything that contains Triclosan , which has been linked to antibacterial resistance , and in a recent study was shown to restrict muscle performance in mice and fish .
 The price was very good and the shipping was very fast but the item description did NOT say it was antibacterial . You might think that if we are ordering unscented stuff that we would not want triclosan in there either . Not the end of the world but I would n't have purchsed it if I knew that stuff was in there .
 I bought this product thinking it was just unscented paraffin wax for my friend who is sensitive to many things . On the packaging it states
 Do not like it as well as the HoMedic because it leaves an oily feel when done and does not peel away from hands as well after use .
 I used this product while having braids , so I needed something to keep my scalp cleansed . I did notice build up and that my scalp felt `` heated '' while applying . Then I read the ingredient list which contains alcohol , which can dry the skin . It smelled okay but it has a little alcohol smell . I have n't purchased this item again and I wo n't change my mind . It was okay but not great to me .
 I was really disappointed . seller I bought it from sent it without the box , -LRB- sketchy -RRB- . Not sure if what I bought was a knock off . The scent is nice but completely gone in less than ten minutes .
 Twice now have I ordered this product . The first time it was for Mother 's Day . My order was confirmed and my account was billed only to be told just a few days before Mother 's Day that they were out of stock.I checked the site later and the product was listed as `` IN STOCK '' . Again I ordered and was charged to again get a message that it was not in stock .
 Very unwieldy to use . Seems like it is broken , but hard to tell . I accidentally ripped the box opening it and so ca n't return it . Very disappointed .
 I 've tried all kinds of products to defrizz my very curly hair over 30 years . I gave this product another try recently and hated it -- again . It did not reduce frizzing and left a very oily-silicone coating on my hands I had to wash twice or more to remove . Going back to my old products
 I 've tried that product to defrizz my hair ... I had to wash twice or more to remove.Too oily caused my hair to look greasy !
 No way does this stop frizz well at least not on mine or my daughter 's hair . I even used it to blow dry my daughters hair and nothing I tried it on my wet curly hair and I was frizz city as usual . The best I can say is that it 's give you shine but I can get that from almost anywhere . So this will be my first and last frizz ease purchase .
 The only thing going for this product is that it is inexpensive . Maybe it works well for hair that is slightly fizzy , but for thicker Mediterranean hair , it does nothing to help smooth out . Left my hair looking a little straw-like . Tried it several times with varying amounts , then ended up throwing it out .
 We purchased this pore cleaner but it had no instructions on how to load the batteries . In the process of trying to figure this out the unit broke so we were never able to use it . In addition it cost more for the mailing than the product .
 Igia Pore Cleanser prodoct arrived pretty quickly -LRB- THAT IS A PLUS -RRB- . But when I tried to insert the correct batteries for the Igia Pore Cleaner they would not go in , I had to forse them in . When I moved the switch to ON it did nothing . So I played with the batteries because I thought I put them in wronge , but it does tell you on the cap which way the batteries should go in . So after an hour of playing with it I had concluded that it was broken when it arrived that is why it would not work . I was kinda mad that I had purchased a broken good , and that they gave me a broken good . Overall displeased with my purchase .
 I bought this curling iron thinking it would be the est , but instead , the cord was thick and cumbersome and the iron died after about one month of use.I switched to a cheaper brand that works great .
 This product doesnt work . I had been using head and shoulders and my hair loss had decreased . Once I started using this my hair started to fall out like crazy .
 What a crappy product . All packaging , no substance . The `` lotion '' is just alchol . There is no scent to speak of . At thirty five bucks a pop , this is a huge rip-off . You 'd be better off buying Aqua Velva or Old Spice . This stuff is really disapointing . Do n't even bother buying it as a gift for someone you do n't like . It 's not worth it .
 `` premium price due to scarcity '' ????? This color is still in production by MAC , has not been discontinued and can easily be bought from MAC or dept. stores with a MAC counter for the regular $ 14 price .
 This just did n't work with my body chemistry . I am sure it would with some people , but just not me . It did n't work well on my daughter either . She said &#34; it smells like bug spray &#34; to her .
 Item arrived very quickly I bought samples soI could try them out . Would not purchase this particular fragrance again . too strong too old lady smelling .
 I read the reviews , and hoped it would work . Sadly it did not change the darkness under my eyes at all . I know it is genetic , and I probably need a collagen booster , but I was hoping this petide complex would do something . Also , I made the mistake of putting too much on one time and it burned my eyes , even left a small mark . I threw this product away and wo n't use it again .
 It irritated my eyes to the point they got so red and bumps began to appear under my eyes . I only used it for a few days before it ended up in my trash can . Big waste of money .
 After buying this , further research has led me to the same conclusion with every one of these dark circle serums and creams
 i gave this product about 3 months and didnt really see a differencesorry nice transaction went smoothly
 I purchased this back in August 2010 and used it weekly . To this day , it still has not improved the dark circles . The liquid seems a bit thin and watery in my opinion ; almost like you 're slathering on some cheap hand cream from the dollar store . This product was a waste of money for me and I definitely would not recommend it to anyone .
 I was excited to try this product and with the price being cheap I thought I should give it a try . I 've tried Civant Skincare and Murad under eye creams with no noticeable effects . I put this on and after the first few days there seemed to be a small improvement but after that it stopped working . Overall it was a disappointing experience >
 I thought I was ordering the Hempz brand ... my fault for not paying attention . Do n't waste money on this knock-off .
 The price and shipping makes this product outrageously expensive . I have been using dreadhead shampoo for 4 yrs . It works great and is much cheaper .
 I bought this with an Interplak toothbrush -LRB- which is wonderful -RRB- , but I 've never used it . The toothbrush is enough . The dentist says my teeth look great .
 I received the product quickly and as described . The product disappointed in that it seemed to make my hair look dried out and unhealthy .
 my 3yr old still sucks her finger with this stuff on . Hot sauce would have been cheaper .
 poor loose packaging with the powder spilling out of the jar.It looked like the contents had been spooned in by some child . I immediatelydumped it was so disgusting and appeared repacked . There was no way I was going to apply this to my face .
 The product is probably good . I just could n't get the right shade . Did n't seem to match up with that same shade I purchased at another time .
 It does n't work : -LRB- Had to buy a universal converter as well.The handle heats up but not the iron itself . very frustrating .
 I got this for my daughter and it does not get hot enough . It never gets hot enough to put curl in our hair . A disappointment .
 I was very disappointed with this curling iron . Because of the shape , size , and smoothness of the handle , I am unable to get a good grip , and it slips from my grasp when turning it . I have to hold onto the tip of the iron to help turn it and to keep from dropping it , but because the tip is too small to hold onto , I sometimes burn my fingers . I would not recommend this product .
 I have never used a shampoo bar before and was excited to try it ! I have thick dark hair just past my shoulders . I have only been using this product for a week , but it seems to leave a funny greasy-ish texture to my hair . I normally have very dry scalp and hair , so I was very surprised ! I 'm definitely rinsing it out very well , so I wonder if it 's stripping the natural oils and forcing my scalp to over-produce to compensate ? Or maybe it 's not mixing well with my conditioner ? Any ideas ?
 I was informed by message this was new . I received package in bubble wrap within box ; the lid was not on and the perfume leaked . The perfume was old !
 Camellia Oil in Water ? THAT 'S what they call this product ?! It 's actually nothing but chemicals in alcohol . The camellia oil is barely even present . Notice how they do n't provide an ingredients list in its description online ? Well that 's because the ingredients are pure crap . Let me list them for you , from the bottle 's label
 Camellia Oil is wonderful for hair , especially fine or thin hair as it does n't flatten it out or make it greasy . But this product has silicones in it . Silicones make hair feel and look great at first but it builds up on hair and eventually cause hair coating that makes fine hair very uncooperative . I do n't use products with silicones as my hair looks , feels and styles better without them . You are better off using the regular Oshima Tsubaki Camellia Oil -LRB- without water , silicones , etc. -RRB- .
 I was very disappointed with my product . I can only wear the strongest strength , which I ordered . However , I do not feel it is the strongest , like advertised because after maybe 15 minutes the smell is gone .
 My wife has been wearing this fragrance for 2 decades . The bottle we got from Amazon does n't even come close to smelling like the one she is accustomed to . We detect fake Ciara . The downside is , we can not return it either as Amazon does n't accept returns on perfumes . Do n't take the risk , buy from a physical store . This certainly is NOT Ciara . It stinks !
 Cologne recieved was 80 % not 100 % as advertised . I bought 5 bottles simply because I can not get out and shop and since I use it on a daily basis , I would not have to look for it online for a while . Recieved the 80 % and contacted seller to ask for the 100 % I had paid for . I was then informed that they do n't sell the 100 % . They then sent me an e-mail label to return the product . Well I have no printer and getting to a post office is very difficult for me . Hence I shop on-line . Easier just to keep the stuff and write it off as a bad mistake . It really irks me when people advertise things they do n't sell in order to sell you a lesser quality product . I think I will stick to E-bay from here on out .
 I love ciara . i have used it for years . I put it on and i can not smell it again , but i get so many people saying how good it smells on me . I was very disapointed with this product . it does not smell . is it that old or not the real thing ? i know that i only paid the shipping because i had a gift card but i thought that i would get people saying how good it smelled , but i have gotten no one to say anything about my cologne . please email me and let me know the answer . thanks lindaadams_60@yahoo.com
 The bottle of Ciara I received is nothing like other bottles of Ciara I have purchased . This smelled like rubbing alcohol and is obviously way past the expiration date.I love real Ciara cologne ... . but this is not it .
 I bought this for my son to use since he has a sensitive scalp and it indeed felt good to him until , almost immediately the green cushion with the bristles attached kept popping out and takes a long time to work back in.He does not have thick hair or it would be impossible to use . This is either a faulty design or it should have been glued . Would n't recommend.Way to expensive for what you get .
 I purchased 2 bottles of this parfume because of the totally incredible price . Be careful , this is a knock off . It is made somewhere in France . Read and reread all the information . I never saw that it was not the genuine product . I feel this was my own mistake . The parfume is well packaged and came bottled nicely but it is not Ellen Tracy . It also does not seem to last long on the skin . Great product for a younger girl . This is not a slam against the product but if you are looking to buy the real thing , leave it alone .
 not the real thing ... very disappointed . . do n't buy it ... not worth the cheap price ... it does not last more than a second after spraying on . . terrible product . . ripoff
 I ordered Ellen Tracy by Ellen Tracy and I received New Brand by Ellen Tracy - the following is the response that I received from the company when I complained . ***** We apologize that you are not completely satisfied with the item you received . However , all of our items are new and fresh in stock . We have the same item only.This is not the type of experience we wish for our customers to have with the items that are purchased from us.However , we can refund $ 7 to your account for the item cost , to help compensate you for this issue and you can keep the item . Alternatively , you can send the item back to us at-As soon as we receive the item , we will credit your account for the item cost only . Please let us know , what you prefer to do.We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused .
 This product is a counterfeit ! Do n't waste your money . It lasts only few mintues . My mom has the real Hellen Tracy perfume and it stays a long time . Even the bottle looks different . It explains why the price is so cheap . I learned not to get too excited over cheap prices here .
 Very disappointed , perfume has no smell at all , very pretty bottle , thank goodness it was cheap , and I only bought one bottle , will never buy again .
 Do n't know what this is , but it in not Ellen Tracy . ET was my favorite perfume and was so upset when theydiscontinued it . I should have known better . Sad part is , I ca n't even return it !
 Quite honestly . . I believe the product I received is a fake , imposter cologne . I have a bottle of the real stuff which I have had for years and I am very familiar with what its supposed to smell like . The first thing that clued me into this though , before I even sprayed it was that the logo printed on the new bottle does match identically to the old bottle . But more importantly than appearances , the smell of the cologne from the new bottle has a much more powdery aroma than that of the old bottle . My girlfriend confirms this suspicion as well . I actually was trying to give it the benefit of the doubt , but she insists its not real . It simply does not smell identical to that of the old bottle . I 'm very disappointed and will never purchase from this company again .
 This product is way over priced you are paying for 1oz size what other sites charge for the 3.4 oz size ... very disapointed will send back ASAP
 I have used Miss Dior Cherie for a long time now and decided to purchase a new bottle via Amazon this time instead of from a trusted source . I think this was a mistake because both myself and my fiance feel that my new bottle does not smell like it should . It is slightly too sweet . Next time I will pay full price and get what I was expecting .
 I have been wearing Miss Dior Cherie for 3 years . I used to work for Dior and it was my signature sent . Everyone always complimented me . This has been tampered with 100percent . You know how your senses always remember certain sents . Like how your dad smelled when you were little and stuff ? Well i opened this Miss Dior Cherie and it absolutly stinks . And i smelled the inside of the wrapper that wraps around the outside of the box and it smells like baby powder . I never ever smell like baby powder . I am so angry . This was a 92 dollar bottle of purfume . Thats so uncalled for . I would never do this to someone .100 percent horrible .
 I specifically ordered Miss Dior CHERIE . My receipts states same.I received Miss Dior.Not pleased . It was very expensive and not what I ordered
 I love this perfume and have worn it for a long time . However , fragrance.net sent me counterfeit perfume that smelled NOTHING like the actual one ! Very disappointing !
 I have used this parfum for over a year and wanted a replacement bottle . When this product arrived , it smelled old . I am now in the process of trying to return it . The company I bought it from says they will accept it only if it has not been opened . -LRB- How could I smell it if I had not opened it ? -RRB- I would have liked to know how long this item was on the shelf before buying it . Check the return policy before you buy .
 Definately smells like cheap perfume to me . Do n't be fooled by the pretty bottle . Lomani makes a perfume called Si Fleuri Passion which is much cheaper and smells exactly the same . If you happen to like this smell save your money and buy the cheaper version .
 all the reviews I had read madet this sound like it was a great smeeling cologne . It is very strong and tends to give me and everyone around me a headache .
 Its been over a month since I 've ordered the product and I still have n't received it but the money got debited right away = -LRB-
 did not receive what was listed on the page . . will not be purchasing this any time soon so much for product description
 This one is a safe choice for those who like to spray themselves once and experience the safety of a one dimensional perfume that stays exactly the way you sprayed it on . Very unimaginative . Kinda like mom who plays it safe . For something that carries the name ` Dior ' on the packaging I honestly expected something far more complex . It 's not horrible-horrible , just plain flat .
 An odd concoction of scents , not totally unpleasant but not something I would purchase again either . It 's as if there are just too many different scents to make this work . I recommend Fresh Sugar by Fresh which has a cleaner scent and stays true to its scent from beginning to end .
 This is the worst scent I have ever tried from Dior . I would not recommend it at all . It smells like cheap perfume , almost like pine or evergreen -LRB- which is fine for air freshener -RRB- , but I definitely would not recommend this for the sophisticated user . I will say one thing positive about it though , it is strong and lasts and lasts forever . I could n't get rid of the scent quick enough ! If you like it , please use it sparingly , so people like me wo n't have to smell it long after you walk away .
 I tried a bit of this after getting it for my mom for Christmas . It 's so thick and oily feeling that it felt like I just smeared butter on my face . Its smell kind of resembles feet or dirty socks . I think I 'm going to send it back and get her some Mary Kay to use instead .
 I saw a you tube video on this perfume and how good it smelled . I usually wear very good perfumes but was looking for an easy everyday different smell . I could not find a bad review on this , everyone seemed to love it . It is supposed to be floral and clean smelling on some reviews . I know everyone has different body chemistry but the price was cheap enough so i gave it a shot . Keyword is cheap . To my nose that 's exactly what it smells like , cheap and heavy . Like being trapped in an elevator with an older woman with teased out short hair and bright red lipstick and drawn on eyebrows , that 's what the smell reminds me of . Since it is not returnable ... right in the trash can . See if you can sample it somewhere first before purchasing . I 'm sticking with my coach poppy flowers . . light and feminine .
 I passed up local opportunities to purchase Alfred Sung 's Shi . It is difficult to find , and the only thing that I have worn for the past few years . The lotion and cream that are included in this set , were the deciding factor for me . It is nearly impossible to find a full set these days . I knew something was wrong when the color of the Parfum was greenish . The body lotion and hand cream felt only approximately one fifth full . They both smelled stale . When I removed the lids , there was residue in side the tops . After rancid appearing ooze fell out of the hand cream tube , I was compelled to warn people
 Having used F Y Eye for years , I was disappointed when it was discontinued . Happily finding it online , I ordered it immediately . The contents in the jar I received were old and dried out , oil had risen to the top ... it was unusable . I 'm still looking for another product to replaceF Y Eye . I 've tried about 8 other products with no luck so far .
 I have an oily skin and all eyeshadows always smudge above my eyes . A friend of mine told this is a great product , sha has skin problems too . . So I went for it , but unfortunatly it did 'n help me at all . . :-LRB- Maybe I need something srtonger than that .
 It worked great for a base coat for the eyes . It says you can use it for dark circles under the eyes . It did not work at all . I was very disapointed in how the product did I would not buy it again .
 Although this product is titled `` Pure Aloe Vera Gel '' , it is n't . It 's got the usual stuff in it - yellow dye # 5 , thickeners , etc. . Aubrey makes a true pure Aloe product .
 Smells like chemicals the second you open it ! I should have looked harder at this product before purchase ! FAR from `` Pure '' Aloe ! I would never put this on my skin!Complete ingredients
 I thought spending this much money on hand lotion was ridiculous . Until I smelled it . Then I loved it ... Then I hated it . It separated . Pushing the pump deposited an oily water-like substance in my hand . No amount of shaking it up would make the cement-like cream in the bottom remix with the oily water on top.I went all the way back to the manufacturer in Canada and offered to return it to them for a replacement . They `` do n't do that . '' In fact , after 3 emails in which they asked me to somehow scoop out the mixture , put it in a beaker or glass jar , photograph it , scan the photo into the computer or mail it to them , they also told me I 'd be responsible for paying return freight , insurance , and customs charges just to the get them the bottle ... for them to look at ... BEFORE they even gave me an answer on a replacement.I do n't know about you , but I 'd venture to speculate that most folks who spend upwards of $ 30 on hand cream are n't the type to `` scam a company '' for hand lotion ! No , they 're likely similar to me ; a middle-aged business owner who took time out of her day to contact them about a faulty product
 I ca n't believe how much amazon and other retail stores -LRB- like sephora -RRB- charge for this . I buy Prevage MD -LRB- which is double the strength of regular Prevage -RRB- from my plastic surgeon 's office and I only pay 120 $ . Why would you pay 30 dollars more for something that is only half the strength of the good stuff ? If you do n't want to go to the doctor to buy the MD version , then you can get it off ebay for around 100 $ ...
 I have used this product for some time . I really like it . I ordered online from Be Bold Store . It arrived defective . The color is normally a transparent peach . The product from Be Bold Store was brown and not transparent . I contacted Be Bold store multiple times for a replacement . They do not respond.Good product . Bad seller .
 I have had the worst luck with this product . Prior to this I had to send it back because it was black instead of gold in color and had a foul odor -LRB- like rotting skin -RRB- This order was the same , I just threw it away and will not be ordering it again through ANYONE ! YOU pay for what you get and this case I have learned my lesson !
 My experience
 I have received a complimentatary size Prevage pump . I have used it in the evening because I wanted my skin to enjoy anti-aging effects overnight . Skin was visibly soft and wonderfully moisturized in the morning . However , several days after using it consistently once a day in the evening , I started getting pimples . Whatever active ingredient is for this product , my skin is reversing to puberty . I have not exactly wanted my anti-aging products to go that far back in time .
 I tried using Elizabeth Arden 's Prevage for about 3 months . While I did see a little change in skin tone -LRB- e.g. , it is less dull -RRB- I had to quit using it as my face became COVERED in blackheads -LRB- I assume this cream clogged my pores ? -RRB- .
 Vaseline firming cream in the pump bottle does just as well all over , even the face . Leaves the body & face soft & it effoliates as well . Cost between $ 5 . - $ 6 . Anyone using the expensive stuff should try this one first . Or get some & try it . It tightens the neck area as well . I am 50 & It also tightens the skin around the stomach area which is one problem place I have .
 It 's true that the fine lines and wrinkles are n't visible , but it 's because I ca n't see them from the itchy red welts it caused on my face . And I do n't have sensitive skin ! It smells really bad , has a creepy slick texture , and a strange brown color - but if it worked , maybe I could get passed all that . But after 6 weeks of stopping -LRB- to wait for the rash to go away , 5-6 days -RRB- and starting again , the red irritated itchy rash starts again , every time . In the meantime , I also used it on my left forearm to see if it at least gets rid on some minor sun damage and evens out my skin , so at least I get some use out of it - but in 6 weeks it has done absolutely nothing - no different than my right arm . Just because a big name company makes claims for a product and charges a lot for it does n't mean it works . Save your money and your time - and both kinds of irritation . Also , the packaging is outrageous - a large part of their cost for making this product must go into this irrisponsibly wasteful giant plastic edifice that ends up in our landfills . If I could give this a zero or negative rating , I would .
 As a longtime Paul Mitchell product user , I was very disappointed in the Super Skinny Shampoo and the Super Skinny Conditioner . Both seem to leave leave buildup no matter how long or how many times I rinse . I even tried watering down a small portion so that I would not be putting a thick clump anywhere on my hair and it still seemed to leave behind residue . I tried the Shampoo alone and it still did it and the Conditioner seemed to make it worse ! I do n't see how anyone could praise the Super Skinny Shampoo & Conditioner ... i liken it to putting crisco on my head . I LOVE the Super Skinny Serum but would not recommend the matching Super Skinny Shampoo or Super Skinny Conditioner to my worst enemy . For the record I bought my products from a licensed salon and Paul Mitchell seller and both the shampoo and conditioner were confirmed to be fresh purchases from them . I will continue being a loyal user of the Original and Awapuhui line from Paul Mitchell .
 I think it 's old or i was sent something else . Compared the color and the smell to a bottle i have and its different.Have been using this product for years , so i can tell it 's not the same , but i will use it once and see what happens . I know exactly how my hair should come out ,
 I bought this elsewhere so my review is n't about Amazon service , strictly about this product . I 've used the conditioner and like the other review it does n't matter how little I use or how much I rinse it leaves a thick `` build up '' residue all over my hair . I have thick wavy hair so my hair can use the extra conditioning ... this made my hair dull and gross .
 I found this mask to cause a severe breakout . At first , I just bought it out of the whim from all the positive reviews people had given it , but that 's not the case ; instead I later found people posting on the ingredients , specifically on the ingredients being carcinogens and irritating . I was rather pissed because of this . I had a very formal event to attend and had the massive breakout to deal with . Thank god for concealers .
 Dont like how the mask smells . Felt like it worked the first time but after a couple uses i started breaking out for no reason .
 i had high expectations for this mask after i heard so many good things about it . i was disappointed to find out it really is no miracle solution , at least not for my skin . i have normal skin , a bit dry in the winter , slightly -LRB- not really -RRB- oily in the summer . i have never had acne before this year as a 25 year adult so maybe this mask didnt do anything because adult acne is usually hormonal ? i dont know i am not saying dont try it because very skin is different but it might not work for you . definitely didnt do any of the magic in decreasing the size of pores -LRB- my pores are small but visible on my nose and they were same size after the mask -RRB- or getting rid of blackheads and drawing the impurities to the surface . just didnt do anything in particular so still looking for that miracle solution but to those who found it , congrats
 it 's okay i bought this off of a youtube review lets just say not everyone has the same skin type
 Considering the stellar reviews this product garnered , I expected decent results . The smell is refreshing , the application smooth and easy , I even liked the calming green color . That 's the extent of my praise . This mask made me break out the first time I used it . Attributing the breakout to other factors -LRB- genes , hormones , or stress -RRB- , I decided to undertake a second trial . I broke out again . What I gleaned from others ' reviews is this is n't one of those remedies that make your skin `` worse before it gets better '' -- an inept advertisement that I do n't believe in . Out of 70 + reviews , I am the only one who broke out . So you could risk your chances , I just wanted to alert prospective buyers of the possibility of your skin exacerbating . If you are in the market for an effective mask , may I suggest Glycone Acne Facial Masque -- I 'm already on my second tub . It clears your pores , dries up zits , and improves your complexion , just make sure to moisturize afterwards.I never write reviews for products , but I realized the importance of publicizing your experience -LRB- bad or good -RRB- so that future customers can make an informed decision . Hopefully , this review accomplishes that .
 This seems to be a really popular mask , firstly . However , I can actually get it cheaper from my local drugstore , but the nice thing about amazon is you get other people 's reviews before just boldly trying new things -LRB- on your face no less ! -RRB- , so I got it here . I 've had this for quite a while now , and do n't use it often.When I use it , it smells and feels great . Let me tell you , I 've never used any other mask but this is great while on . And , I have really acne-prone skin and getting desperate to get rid of this acne already , so I 'll try anything that seems to have even a hope of working ... When it is drying , I can actually see where my pores are ... seems like they 're emptying because there are lots of little dots where my pores are ... like those are just tiny moist spots from the oil in my skin getting sucked into the mask . At least , that 's what it seems like . I always finish washing it up as happy as a clam because it seems so much like it is great for my skin and acne.However , I 've had this experience several times now , and EVERY TIME I break out immediately afterwards . I did it a few days ago again , and did n't change anything else in the skin routine ... Major breakout ! I think I always swear not to use it again after this happens , but do n't actually throw it out , because it feels so good and makes me think its working ... then after I 've forgotten about the breakout , I re-use it again and repeat the whole process . Maybe I should give up and throw it away ... You could try to argue that the breakout might be a result of extracting all that oil or something , but my skin just returns to its normal state after the breakout seems to have fizzled off ... no long term type effect.Maybe this works for some , but definitely does n't for me :-LRB- Trust me , I wish it did work as it seems to for others .
 The product itself is great , buy this in the store . I receive this product in an ENVELOPE . The tube was exploded with a hole cut right near the cap , the product was everywhere . I emailed the seller TWICE , no response , i even included pictures . The only way i was able to get my money back to file a complaint with amazon , they responded in 1 day that way .
 It feels refreshing when put on . But it really dries out my skin and makes me break out . Three times into using it and I feel it 's more and more like a toothpaste . It does n't help my pore either . Wo n't repurchase . Walgreen selles it for 3.7 and it 's sometimes 1 dollar off . So more expensive to buy online .
 I thought about purchasing this product until I read someone 's review about the green colorant used in this product
 Did n't really do much to clear my skin . I have pretty clear skin but occasionally breakout ; I tried this on a breakout and it did n't really have any effect at all . It feels and smells nice but that 's pretty much all I can say .
 This product does n't deserve one star !!! I bought this because it had many good reviews and everybody was saying that it worked but it does n't its just like any another masque you can buy at Walmart or any other drug store . it was a waste of my money . I do n't recommend this product to anybody . Keep your money !!!
 I used to use a mud masque years ago and loved it , so I bought this product . I 've only used it about 3 times and ca n't keep it on very long because I ca n't stand the unpleasant smell . Yuk . I do not recommend this product .
 I used this once before . . it dried out my face quite a bit . . And Look at the ingredients this item contains methylparaben ! All paraben 's are bad for your skin and are known to cause cancer . Its is in many makeups and its slowly being taken out of the products we use . try to find something with more natural ingredients that WONT give you skin cancer .
 I have this product , if you guys know a place called FAMILY DOLLAR ~ they have it for 1-3 dollars MAX closer to $ 2 , $ 1 if its on sale . I used it cause the description said I could dry up my pimples ... It has n't worked for me . It has a nice clay like texture to it , but I personally did n't find it help for , or did I find it to do anything that it was supposed to do ... it 's more of a cleanse refresh mask for me than anything else . DEFINITELY not WORTH $ 6 .
 I really did n't like this product ! The smell is very strong and my stomach was totally doin ' back flips ! It also made my skin very , very dry ! I do n't know ... I just was n't into this product !
 I am a college student who suffers from painful acne on my cheeks and chin . This mask did nothing to improve or help the situation . I used it regularly and as directed . I am glad it worked for other people , but I noticed no improvement . It may shrink the appearance or pores , but I would not recommend it for those with acne .
 I was motivated by how much 5-star review this product got so I bought it at my local Wal-greens for 5.78 with tax included . I was desperate to reduce the size of my pores , sadly this product did not work for me . I even left it on for 30 minutes . All it did was dry out my skin . Very disappointed .
 I 'm not sure if I got a tube that was old , but it was so thick I had to squeeze the tube very hard to get the masque out . Then the application was thick and uneven . The thickness would have been ok if it worked better but it did n't clean the pores in my skin as well as other peel off masques have in the past . I would n't buy this brand again . If you are looking for a gentle masque this is ok for moisturizing , but if you really want a strong peel off masque this probably is n't the product for you .
 This product claims to `` lift and draw out impurities from the pores '' but it does n't have much lift force . It does n't adhere well to black heads , and when I peel off the mask , I do n't see the white and black heads on the peel , like I do on biore strips.Perhaps its meant for light use , but I can say it smells really good .
 I originally was looking for a thicker type of peel off masque , but when I got it , it 's a very clear , thin , material , and has a chemical smell . It goes on slick and takes time to dry , then peels off like -LRB- you know when you were a kid and you put the elmer 's white glue on your hand and it dried and you peeled it off like a layer of dead skin -RRB- . YES , like that . Didnt do much for my skin 's overall quality either . I am in my early 20 's , fair skin , and combination type also if that helps . I recommend the Queen Helene 's mint julepe which is great . Not so much this product .
 1 -RRB- Product is difficult to apply to face . 2 -RRB- It never formed a mask ; just stayed as goop . 3 -RRB- Took an inordinantly long time to remove . It was very unpleasant to use .
 The product is too thick and impossible to smooth on evenly . Some areas took hours to dry . It was a good price for the quantity of the product .
 I tried this product and did not feel like it did any thing . It had a very strange texture on my skin .
 I bought this product because I had been looking for a peel off mask that would help shrink pores . Supposedly , this one fit the bill . Price could n't be beat , either . So , first I could barely squeeze it out of the tube . I ended up literally putting the tube on the side of the sink and leaning on the tube with the base of my hand with all my might . After finally getting a big lump of it onto my sink , I then tried to spread it on my face . It would NOT spread ! It stayed together in one gooey lump . I wet my fingers and did the best I could spreading it out . Some parts of my face did n't get any , but I thought I 'd let it dry anyway and see how it went . I went back after 5 minutes to look in the mirror and something amazing happened . I guess from the heat of my skin the product had smoothed out all over to a shiny consistency which is how it should have started out ! After another 5 or 10 minutes , I peeled it off in almost 1 piece . I loved how it peeled off almost perfectly . I immediately could tell that my pores were smaller as well . I put on my regular moisturizer after and my face felt clean and smooth and glowing.So , bottom line ... product is very economical , VERY hard to use , but the end result is quite good .
 I was trying to replace a peel off mask I had in college over 10 yrs ago but could n't remember the name ; it left my face soft and it was easy to peel off and it didnt have a strong smell , but this product is the opposite . This product is messy to apply and thick , and it takes a long time to dry and I do n't see a difference in my face when I take it off . I left it in the draw with all the other products I do n't really use because they do nothing special . I mean really !!!
 The Queen Helene website touts their products as being `` inspired by nature 's finest ingredients , because they are safer and often more effective , than harsh chemicals and unnecessary additives '' , that they use `` good-for-you ingredients . '' The Grape Seed Masque contains dyes . I was very disappointed when I received the product and read the label . I 'm hoping their other products are healthier than this one . I wo n't buy unless I can read the label first .
 This product comes out of the tube like glue . So thick that it is very difficult to get it out . It does not spread on to you skin as described . This product stays in a clump of jelly like substance and just will not spread . I would not recommend to anyone
 I heard ` bout chanel product and i decide to buy this one to test it , but i very disappointed ... it has a voodoo smell
 Ordinarily I like L'oreal hair color but the box of hair color sent to me looked like it had been on their storage shelf for many years and was outdated as far as coverage for grey hair . Shirley
 To be very honest , I would have no idea if the product its self is a good product or not , because the selling description with it , was not made clear enough for a man shopping for a woman , this item is not complete , and needs an additional product in order to be used . Enlarge of the presented photo also did nothing towards making that clear for the consumer . Bascially my family member , has an item that ca n't be used unless or untill we can find the other part needed to complete use of this item . My advise is , and suggestion , is to be able to ask a question of the seller of the item 's for more complete information . Just my honest opinion .
 Last year I bought the Eau de Toilette Rive Gauche and like it a lot ! Thus I decided to buy a 2-Piece set of Rive Gauche Eau de Toilette and Vitalazing Body Emulsion through Amazon . What I received does not at all smell like the one I had , and glasses ' cover do n't look like the real thing . The only reason i di n't return it was because I was out of the country when I found out the `` mistake '' .
 The scrub I received is non - foaming , has absolutely no scent and is impossible to get out of the bottle . Buyer beware .
 I thought I could use this for an Asian style lotion mask as it was recommended in Chizu Saeki 's book . This does not work for this purpose . You can probably get 2 layers from these pads and although the length is good , it falls apart like a cotton ball and there 's no way you 'd get 5 layers as the book recommends . As whole pads , they 're soft and plush , but if you 're thinking of using these for the lotion mask , I 'd advise against it . It 's also way more expensive than the Daisan ones I just found now : -LRB-
 I still did n't get my stuff yetIt been really long timeCan u tell me what I have to do to get thatI mad a payment for itN it takeing so long
 The sprayer broke shortly after opening it . The scent was not remotely accurate , either . TERRIBLE purchase ! Went straight to the trash ... lesson learned about buying cologne online .
 I got this because it has received such positive reviews , but I fail to see why . It has a feminine `` sweet '' smell , but it does n't even smell that good . It is certainly not something that I would like to smell like , and I have n't received a single compliment on it so I know that I 'm not crazy . One of my friends even said `` What 's that smell '' while making a weird face . That is not exactly the sort of compliment that I was hoping for with a cologne.I do n't know how to describe the smell other that `` sweet '' but it is certainly not crisp or refreshing or anything like that but rather a dull sweet smell that simply does n't seem to align with what a man should smell like.I would look elsewhere
 The scrub I received is non - foaming , has absolutely no scent and is impossible to get out of the bottle . Buyer beware .
 I do not like this mascara at all !!! I bought it because it came in a pack of two and it was cheap ! I have owned other Maybelline products before and had good experiences , so I thought I should try this as I had run out of my neutrogena mascara ... I ca n't wait to get rid of this product !! It clumps and smudges like crazy ! and it 's EXTREMELY hard to take off ! and even then I wake up the next day with racoon eyes!I do not recommend it !
 D
 In my experience , this product stings upon application and dries out my skin , making it peel .
 In my experience , this product stings upon application and dries out my skin , making it peel .
 I do n't like this fragrance . The same scent is often found in the lobbies of apartment leasing offices and model homes in the South OC area . Whatever images or feelings that conjures up for you may be positive , but not so for me .
 For a quality fragrance this must be very old the only thing I get out of it is TAR that is is so to all a warning that you might get an aweful smelling fragrance if you get an old one but it is luck of the draw .
 In Which Nursing Home Do You Live?Angel Perfume reeks of chocolate-scented bathroom air freshener & some kind of orthopedic shoe powder with a Godforsaken undercurrent of nursing home pastries . Have some self respect , my friend ; whatever your age , you are too young for this aroma ...
 This scent has received much critical acclaim and is known for being unique.Unfortunately I got seduced by all the positive reviews and bought this scent without either smelling it or wearing it personally . My excuse is that there are no decent frag . vendors within an hours drive from me so I decided to purchase Angel Men through Amazon.I received the item quickly and it is a nice looking bottle . However , I find the scent repulsive and too deep . To me it smells like the inside of a smoker 's car , perhaps even a bit skunky ! I 've tried it twice , and each time I end up wiping it off with a steaming hot facecloth!Different colognes react differently to people 's chemistry though . Perhaps you would like A * Men as so many others do-more power to them-but dont repeat my mistake and make sure to try it yourself before you buy it .
 I got the wrong perfume my order was `` Lancetti Perfume '' -LRB- yellow box -RRB- but I got `` leidi Lancetti '' -LRB- red box -RRB- . i sent three e-mails and waited for more than 2 weeks and no one reply.just bad support .
 So , this lipstick lasts for many hours as advertised . However , I do n't like it.The color does not blend well with the lips and it looks dry after a short time -LRB- it comes with a gloss , not a moisturizer -RRB- . I 'd not buy it again .
 I had been using this product for the last 1.5 years or so to help hide the thinning area on the crown of my head . It used to work great . But they have changed the formula and now it rubs off incredibly easy . You can not touch your head after you spray this on . The slightest touch will rub it off . It did n't use to be this way . It also goes all over the place and really coats your bathroom with the stuff . I thought perhaps it was just a bad batch , but this continued over the next few months of purchases . I have since stopped using this product and now use another which is great . I do n't think I can name other products on these reviews so I 'll just give you a hint - it 's made in Germany and you can order it here on Amazon .
 I bought this in the Burnt Brown color to use at my roots and the frame of my face to cover the greys until I can get my hair colored again in a few weeks . The directions say to hold the can 12 inches away , so it 's hard to shield your face from overspray when held this way . It will come off on your fingers and face if you touch your hair . It does n't seem to dry ever . When washing my hair , it also stained my fingernails again . While coverage of grey was great , I ca n't recommend regular use of this temporary product unless you have precision application skills and you never touch your hair . Will stain yur clothes and towels , so be cautious about how you remove it from your skin .
